There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a filled-out form from Project Blue Book, titled "Force UFO form continued", containing various questions and responses related to a UFO sighting.

Force UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? A little faster then jet planes
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Far, seemed it was at least 50 miles away
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At home
f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One): 
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. East b. West c. North d. South e. Northeast f. Northwest g. Southeast h. Southwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Check all that apply) 
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other: The object seemed to pulsate and climb upward at a tremendous rate of speed changing directions as it climbed away.

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when offered up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The object appeared to be metallic in color and seemed to be floating motionless for a second or two, then it seemed to pulsate, and when it did, it climbed straight up at a tremendous rate of speed changing directions as it climbed away, it seemed to be about the size of a pea in the sky and was glowing with an orange reddish color. It seemed to observe the area very carefully before climbing out of sight.