There is a photograph present in the image, as mentioned in the text. The photograph is described as an "instant phenomenon" taken by a Kodak 620 Camera that was attached as an appendix to the report.

Hq 23d Dist OSI, Carswell AFB, Texas, file 24-0-229, Subject: Unidentifiable Flying Objects (UFOB)

The phenomenon appeared to be the size of a grapefruit and appeared in brilliance equal to the ignition of phosphorus, giving a brilliant beam of light both above and below the phenomenon itself, but never both beams simultaneously. At various times, a faint trace of red, varying its position on the phenomenon, was observed. The object appeared to be extremely variable, inasmuch as it appeared in intermittently by witnesses, and his wife between Amarillo and Memphis, Texas, on the indicated date. Amarillo at 0400 hours and again departed the second trajectory. According to information from the first trajectory, According to information from the first trajectory, At arrival at Memphis, Texas, the formation had begun to disintegrate. As daylight approached, the phenomenon appeared to be ascending into the heavens, where it was the approximate size of a star and no longer visible through the clouds, but since outside the cloud formation.

During the two (2) hours and fifteen (15) minutes that the phenomenon was observed, it was noted that as it moved to the open spaces within the cloud formation, its brilliance would illuminate these portions with the cloud structure. As it proceeded through the clouds to the opposite outer extremities, no illumination was visible within the cloud structure.

A World War II Bomber Pilot, who flew B-17 type aircraft, with the Eighth Air Force, advised that in his experience with weather conditions, etc., he had never observed anything comparable with this phenomenon.

A photograph of instant phenomenon taken by a Kodak 620 Camera is attached as an appendure. The documenter advised that he would retain the negative of the photograph taken. Further, that he would cooperate with the USAF authorities in any way possible.

2. The above information was furnished the Dallas Field Office, FBI, by on 2 August 1956.

3. This information is forwarded for your appropriate action in accordance with paragraph 7, AFR 200-2, dated 12 August 1954.