There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, specifically an "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" dated 29 JUL 1956 from Wurtsmith AFB in Michigan.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

COMMENTS of Preparing Officer:
1. It is the opinion of the Preparing Officer that although the UFOB was located in the same area of sky as the VENUS on the night of the observation, it appears unlikely that the UFOB was VENUS because of the following reasons:
a. Sgt. Porter observed the UFOB to a nearby star (which could have been VENUS) and stated that the UFOB was not as bright as the star.
b. Sgt. Porter also stated the color as being reddish-orange; the known color of VENUS is white and yellow.
c. Sgt. Porter also reported that the UFOB made radar contact with a nearby F-89 aircraft, which would indicate a metallic object rather than a star or planet.
d. The UFOB made a steep angle climb which was observed both visually and on radar, while the F-89 aircraft was flying straight and level at 7000 feet.

COMMENTS of Approving Officer:
AIR 11. 2 concur with the findings of the Preparing Officer. The nature and physical characteristics of the UFOB, as observed and reported, indicate an object unnatural to known types of aircraft or other conventional celestial phenomena. The above report indicates a phenomenon at variance with ordinary flight characteristics and of a nature previously reported and is therefore consistent with the general type of observations reported for this situation.

2. A meteorological analysis of the atmospheric conditions viewed from the ground through this temperature inversion would appear to be distorted and could appear to move, bounce, and/or change color due to the optical reflection due to meteorological conditions.

3. As a result of the statements of the SOURCES, the location of the VENUS and the length of the UFOB observation, it is the opinion of the APPROVING OFFICER that this UFOB is not explained by this evidence or phenomenon of meteorological origin.