[handwritten: K-16 JUNE 1956]

- 2 -

But when someone claims to have made contact with beings from other worlds, then things become quite different and saucers, even if cursively so, get first page attention.

"On August 13 1957 practically all newspapers in Sao Paulo published the story of a new contact. The thing seemed to be big news because a protagonist was Dr. Joao Freitas Guimaraes a respectable professor at the Santos law School. I know that five days before the news got newspapers attention the Escobar Pa-ria had been in Santos trying to interview Mr. Guimaraes, but this latter turned his back on Escobar, saying, over the telephone, that the case was being investi gated by Aeronautical authorities, to whom Escobar should as his questions. Smelling a rat, Escobar brought his attempted investigation to a close and later pointed out to the press, the similarity between Guimaraes' and Adamski alleged contact. Five days later the papers disclosed the news about Guimaraes. (These were not my exact words to Maj Keyhoe, but the gistence is the same. Editor).

Allegedly on June 15 or 16 (about 14 months ago) Mr. Guimaraes was calmly watching the waves from a sitting position from a Sao Sebastiao beach in the state of Sao Paulo coast. It was about 19:00 o'clock local time (22:00 GMT) dark, cold clear night; Mr. Guimaraes attention was suddenly called to something bulky poised right were the waves touched the sandy beach. Although the thing was sur-rounded by a phosphor glow, Guimaraes's first thought was that a whale had gotten itself stranded. A whale is not a common sight around Sao Sebastiao but it is not too rare either. Besides the bulky thing was spouting some more into the air. Soon however, Guimara as realized that he had before him a 20 meters-wide con-trapition whose general shape was like the saucers usually seen in magazines. The thing was about 6 or 7 meters high. Besides the red glow around the periphery, there was another glow on the top of a dome. Guimaraes said he saw distinctly two - repeat - two balls under the belly of the disc, a though they were landing gear balls. Amazed he got up exactly when a hatch from the saucer lower part opened and a flight of steps was lowered toward the ground. Two men came down the steps and walked straight to the place where Guimaraes was. Sort of startled Guimaraes spoke to them in rortuguese, in English, in French and Ita-lian, asking to know whether they were in trouble and needed help. The men from the saucer never opened their mouths to answer him. When Guimaraes became aware that he was mentally telepathically being invited to go inside the disco and even if he wished to take a little trip aboard it. Guimaraes doubted his senses, but again and insistently the same forceful impression came to his mind. He then decided to enter the craft. He walked between the two men. When they were well inside the ship, the hatch was closed and Guimaraes sat on a curved sofa, facing the portside. Soon he heard a humming sound which increased in pitch until the frequency was too high for him to notice it. He was taking off.

The trip lasted for 40 minutes and the craft landed about 60 meters from the starting point on the Sao Sebastiao beach. During the trip, a few minutes after take-off, the saucer started vibrating and Guimaraes rather afraid asked one of the crew-members whether they were having some trouble. The mental answer he received was: "We are leaving your planet's atmosphere; we are then shifting to a magnetic means of propulsion."

Through the port-holes Guimaraes could see that they had passed a very dark zone, "louay" with stars and flaming clouds and were now approaching a zone of very intense violet light. He could see the earth as a blue sphere about 1/4 of the size of the full moon. According to the newspapers Guimaraes reckoned he had been just cut of the earth atmosphere. 500 to 600 kilometers high. Then the saucer again passed the dark zone and soon landed. Joao Freitas Guimaraes rushed out of the saucer without looking back. Upon arriving at the hotel where he was staying for the night, he noticed that it was 20:25 o'clock (23.25 GMT) and he then corrected his anti-magnetic wrist watch that had stopped working soon after he entered the saucer.

Answering reporters questions Guimaraes said that there were five people manning the saucer, but he had only seen three of them. During the whole trip he was accompanied by a standing crew-member. All but were tall, hairless, blonde and their hair reached to their shoulders. They seemed to be of a nordic type. They never spoke among themselves. Their eyes were blue and full of kindness. They dressed a sort of ski-suits, green in color; their shoes seemed to be made of green rubber. It would be difficult to say whether they were men or women. They refused to tell their origin. All the time Guimaraes spoke aloud in Portu-