There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, describing a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

SUBJECT: Sighting of Unidentified Aerial Object

1. On Sunday night, 9 September 1956, at 2035 (EST) Mr. ... , who resides at ... Lane, Hampton, Va., observed an unidentified object appear in the sky over his home. The object was circular in shape, emitting a bright light, and was approximately 35 to 40 feet in diameter. The object was observed for 15 to 20 minutes, during which time it made several abrupt maneuvers, changing directions and altitude. The movements of the object were followed till 2055 at which time it disappeared.

2. When first seen the object was bright red in color and the size of a basketball. As it approached, the object seemed to flatten out and the light seemed to dim. From time to time, the object would again brighten up. The object seemed to be under intelligent control. As it approached the witness, the object seemed to be at an altitude of approximately 1000 feet. The witness stated that if the color would darken to a deep red, the nearest distance at which it would appear would be about 500 yards.

3. The object seemed to be compared to the moon or crescent shaped. The witness stated that as the object approached, the shape seemed to change. He stated that at the position or crescent shape, the object appeared larger than the crescent moon. The witness stated that he first saw the object at 2035 (EST) and thought he saw the features of a human being inside the object.

4. The first sign of motion seen by Mr. ... was that the object appeared to disappear, and when next observed it had reappeared at a different location. Mr. ... who observed the object from her home near Mr. ...'s home, apparently saw the same features inside the object as Mr. ... had described. Her impression was that inside the object was a circle of light and what appeared to be a human silhouette within the circle of light. No sound was detected at any time.

5. The path of flight was of a circular descension from the height of approximately 1000 feet to about 500 yards in the direction of Yorktown, Virginia at 2055 (EST).

6. It was noted that no other aircraft were in the vicinity during the time that the object was observed. There were no contrails or vapor trails that could be associated with the object. No other objects interfered with the visibility which was good at the time.