The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report about a request for analysis of "turf allegedly burnt by 'flying saucer'".

The text in the document is as follows:

Subject: Request for Analysis - Turf Allegedly Burnt by "Flying Saucer" (Continued)

TO: AFOIN-4E2e    FROM: AFOIN-4Xc (Howard C. Cross)      DATE: 7 Feb 57         COMMENT NR 3

Through: I. G. Whitchet Egna 2/1/57

A careful examination was made of the two samples of turf submitted.

The sample of normal turf from the surrounding area consisting of a small amount of sandy soil on which was growing the creeping herb Dichondra repens Forest. var. carolinensis (Michx.) Choisy. This species grows on wet pineland, low grounds, and as a weed in lawns from Florida to Texas and north to southern Virginia and Arkansas. It is not known whether it is also found in lawns in California.

The sample of the burned turf from the depression also consisted of sandy soil on which were growing a few dead leaves and stems, presumably of the same species. No evidence was found indicating that the specimens must have been collected in midsummer or later. 

The other sample or the burned turf from the depression also consisted of sandy soil on which no plants were growing, but the remains and many of the fruits (akenes) of Dichondra were scattered, indicating that the plants had been burned. The leaves also fragments of another but unidentified species of plant, presumably a tree or shrub. Such leaf fragments are not present in the uncharred specimen.

The samples were checked for radioactivity. There was no difference between the two samples, and both showed normal radioactivity.

Samples of both the normal and burned turf were examined spectrographically. As a preparation, the samples were dried at 110 C, ground to a fine mesh, and quartered. The organic matter sample was then ashed by ignition at 500 degrees, and the dried and ignited portions were subjected to spectrographic analysis.

There were approximately 21 elements found in the two samples, and 20 of those appeared to be present in similar amounts. The two samples appeared to be different with respect to lead and cobalt contents. The normal or unburned sample showed less than .001 per cent cobalt and less than .005 per cent lead. The burned sample showed .05 to 0.2 per cent of both cobalt and lead, both higher than the normal sample.

Various possible explanations for the observed differences in cobalt and lead contents have been considered, but there is no apparent method of confirming any of these suppositions.

In the case of cobalt, this element is known to be found in soils, but the amount of .005 per cent is in excess of that known to occur naturally. It could indicate the presence of cobalt compounds in the samples taken in adjacent areas. Cobalt does not act as either a fungicide or insecticide, so probably was not present as a result of spraying of this area.