There is no photograph or image present in the given document. The document appears to be a classified report, titled "Review and Analysis - UFO Photo", from Project BLUE BOOK. The report discusses a UFO sighting and provides responses to specific questions about the observed object, such as its appearance, movements, and the inability to identify it as a known object or phenomenon.

The text of the document is as follows:

SUBJ: Review and Analysis - UFO Photo 
THRU: AFOIN-4P3
TO: AFOIN-4P3
MAJOR WILNER

DATE: 15 Mar 57

COMMENT NR 2

1. In reply to your request AFOIN-4P3 submits the following in answer to questions 1, 2 and 3, respectively:

a. Question No. 1
(1) At first appearance the indication on the photograph does resemble the characteristic "sig-saw" vapor trail that is usually created by a ballistic missile during its ascent. However, vapor trails of this type appear rather suddenly and appear only in a specific area beside departing contrails on the photograph. The altitude is estimated to be approximately 20,000 feet. This trail is dispersed into its characteristic form in a matter of seconds within minutes it is diffused into an unrecognizable form.
(2) Ballistic missiles, and on some occasions air craft, have been described as creating vapor trails as described above. However, any hovering or rapid dynamic gyrations are not to be expected.
(3) Cruise missiles which might be seen at the altitudes reported would, during the period of observation, cover a range between 600 - 1200 nautical miles and could not be tracked by an observer.
(4) The opinion of this office is that the object as described is not a missile or any rocket propelled type device. The object or phenomena cannot be identified by AFOIN-4P3.

b. Question No. 2
(1) There are no missile launching sites in the area where the object was observed.

c. Question No. 3
There is no knowledge of any missile firings which have departed from the test ranges at the time described by source.

2. The contents of this comment are classified CONFIDENTIAL.

JAMES G. MANATT
Lt Colonel, USAF
AFOIN-4P3

T57-4120