The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a scanned page of a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now proceed to output all the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
AF FORM 112--PART II
REVISED 1 JUNE 1954
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Flight 2-d, 46024 AT33
20-FEBR-1-56
Part Four
of 15

SUPPLEMENTARY INVESTIGATIVE EFFORTS:

1. A check was made with the following Air Bases for aircraft in the air at the time of sighting, and reports of unusual sightings:
a. Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma
b. Ardmore Air Force Base, Oklahoma
c. Clinton-Sherman Air Force Base, Oklahoma
d. Vance Air Force Base, Oklahoma

2. A check was made with the Carswell Flight Service Center, Fort Worth, Texas for aircraft in the air at the time of sighting and reports of unusual occurrences.

3. The following civil airports were contacted for aircraft in the air at the time of sighting and reports of unusual occurrences:
a. Will Rogers Airport, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
b. Woodring Airport, Enid, Oklahoma 
c. Municipal Airport, Tulsa, Oklahoma
d. Municipal Airport, Ardmore, Oklahoma

4. The 746th ACAW Squadron, Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma was contacted and indicated that the sighting was not connected with any aircraft from that base.
A slow moving aircraft flying in a south westerly direction was noted on the USAF radar approach control unit located at Tinker AFB.

5. The CAA Radar Approach Control Unit located at Tinker AFB was contacted and indicated that no radar tracks or sightings were made.

6. The astronomer in charge of the observatory, University of Oklahoma, Norman, Oklahoma was contacted with negative results.

7. A number of individuals operating private telescopes in the Oklahoma City area were contacted with negative results.

8. The astronomer, Oklahoma University, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma was contacted with negative results.

9. The Physical Science Department, Tulsa University, Tulsa, Oklahoma was contacted with negative results.

It was indicated that one weather balloon was released on 6 May 1956 at 2100 CST.

It was further indicated that no balloons were released during the sighting period. The Tinker AFB radar approach control reported that no aircraft were detected and indicated that the observed phenomenon was not associated with any aircraft from Tinker AFB bases. Two temperature inversions were reported during the period.

UNCLASSIFIED