There is a photograph of a newspaper clipping in this document.

Here is the OCR text extracted from the document:

```
SAW A FLYING SAUCER
This section of FLYING SAUCERS is devoted to factual reports by oar readers. Here you will find the personal accounts of thoos who have actually seen flying saucers, end hero, if you are one of these lucky few, is the place for you to tell your ow n storyl If you have had any sort of "Saucer" experience, please send it in to us and we will print it.
The first sauce I saw was in the latter part of August, 1953. I was piewing Mars (as it was close) when a friend who was with me noticed bright flashes in the sky. Eie tail-od lay attention to them, and I saw away from ray television. index fry nimlnalas I saw nothing. Then I saw the flash. I passed theta off as lightning. Next I spotted to gethss my friend, I happened to glance up and there Was a bright white Huddnaly it glided toweal odrim horison. I called two other friends, and they also saw it . As it was close to reach the Flashes it tumed red.
flashed for about ten minutes a and then I started over to-ward a factory building in the coun-ely. There I saw everything How-ing Cltreret to my aind. Flaying over the factory was a red dsix about cher hundred feet is diameter. It was hupe. The Sauce shaming the appear-lice of Rivening A ster hovering boot ten ssconda it shot off to Sunds and disappears over the no Canly pig it
 and the other stnrsated to the room where fry staytey. aes they ware myat-there's hhed help. The third re-mained with me, and saw the see end saucer. We know that we were not seeing things, became we both toid each other what we had seen, end oar descriptions tallied.
People afterwrds toll us who had seen something twas, was more lion on the clouds, a low airplane, a dirigible, or a ballon. Bnt this made no sound as a plane or atrship would, it moved too fast for a heliond, and there was 
that evening, the reflection could not have taken plaa, I know, posi-tively, that what I nine was a solid object. It had no come. The local paper covered cut saw the next day, and ever since s havs been ridieiled. Called "Saucer Boy" and other names. I do not cars. I know what I saw. I have seen Saucers on many oecasions, end always silent iding objects.
One day in my suns was having clotbes, she shank my hand for shining Ruic covered she house She and her najm when they tern eng tlto. gite someone at it tole-hawses wither, but at that moment of panio she tboash out of night. She believed via ferro es entirely coniced this return in few htgpieras that she
wgas ft mered, only sign moment to oorirm her ashtins.

LOOKED Ip Reskel giter nen
```