There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Extracting the text from the document:

by this.
Towers called back, "Capital 77, we are trying to raise the Brockley signal."
Right at this moment the strange light began another series of crazy gyrations, they grew ever more fantastic, a sort of rhythmic, undulating cadence, the likes of which neither we nor had ever seen. Then, apparently coincident, the object had reached the climax of its brilliant rising at the most breathtaking angle and made a fantastic upward dash that diminished rapidly to a pinpoint and was swallowed by the clouds. 
This unearthly exhibition probably went on for at least two minutes, according to our best judgment. I glanced at the clock and noted it read 10:12.
The most puzzling thing about the encounter, aside from the dancing flight, was that the object, whatever it was, had remained at the same distance from us throughout the performance. It never increased in size, and yet we were bearing down on it at more than 5 miles a minute in the viscount. It is true that it was in view for only two minutes and performing in an ever more erratic series of maneuvers, but we could have had it nailed down by calculation, whereas it remained constant and the same distance away, no matter how it moved.
If you know southern Alabama, you know that it is pretty desolate country, with no cities or towns for miles. We were above the clouds, precluding any reflections of ground lights on clouds, and this was nothing remotely related. Likewise I am personally ruling out all devices (at least the ones we know) that have been launched within my ken. The one thing which I can't get over is the fact that when in company 2 I came strongly, powerfully impressed after my visual contact with this object that it was the most strange and odd thing I had ever witnessed on the earth!
We followed up on this spectacular sighting after landing at Mobile. The control tower operators had reached Brockley, and although a flight delay, but the controllers radar had not been energized at the time.
In case any of your members would like to know my background, you may give it to them. You will remember me as objectively skeptical and cynically critical of many pilots silly saucer sightings. I think you will agree I have been quite veteran and hard-boiled with 17 years of service, 15,000 hours and a million and a half miles as an airline pilot. But this I saw with my own eyes, and not a word has ever been printed about it until this moment.