There is no photograph present in this document. The document appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, dated June 4, 1956, regarding a sighting in Baltimore, Maryland.

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
REPORT NO: 30-UFO-4-56 PART ONE PAGE 2 of 8
I. SOURCE:
Address: Baltimore, Maryland
Age: Forty-six (46)
Occupation: Asst Vice President of Commercial Co.
Education: Sixteen (16) years
Qualifications: Knowledge of commercial aircraft and interest in aviation.
II. RELIABILITY: SOURCE was a sieader built, middle age man whose manner was referred to as good and cooperative with investigators. Having traveled on commercial airlines, he was very cooperative in his stories and was very familiar with aerial phenomena. SOURCE's intelligence was above the average caliber of the other sources interviewed.
III. DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING: SOURCE noticed an object while playing golf at approximately 1205-1210 hours on 4 June 1956 in the outskirts of Baltimore, Maryland. The object was sighted in the west at an angle of 45 degrees and remained in position for approximately 2-3 minutes. Object was described as being quite bright and appeared round with a definite color of white to white-yellow. SOURCE stated that the object remained stationary in position of acceleration or deceleration and seemed to be under intelligent control. At one point, the object emitted a bluish haze or white blue exhaust trail. Object remained in sight for approximately 2-3 minutes and then disappeared as if turning off a light. SOURCE stated that the object had the appearance of a baseball held at arm's length.
During the entire observation, the sky was dark with a few stars and the moon was shining bright, as the object did not reflect any light from it. SOURCE stated that the object's motion and apparent size remained constant. SOURCE described weather as being hot and dry with visibility good.
SOURCE stated that he believed the object to be some type of man-made flying machine, however, he also stated that the object was not the type of aircraft normally seen. SOURCE further stated that the object gave the impression of gas in a tube emitting.

UNCLASSIFIED