The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this particular image. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Flight 3-D, 46020A AIB8
Incl. #1: PART TWO, Report of RD-UPON-1-56
Station: UNCLASSIFIED

On Feb 29, 1956 at 6:50 p.m. I had observed a bright light in the sky, which appeared to be pulsating at intervals. I soon saw the bright-lighted object which was also seen by 2 other persons approximately 60 feet away, moving at a fairly rapid rate of speed. After moving a short distance, it stopped overhead for about 10 seconds, then moved off at a rapid rate of speed and was soon out of sight. The object was described as round and as bright as a star at times, then would dim to a pale light and then brighten up again. Two other persons who were with me at the time saw the object and brought it to the attention of the attendant at the gasoline station where I went to telephone the report. The attendant also observed the object and stated that he had also seen the same type of object on previous occasions. This was the first time I had observed this type of object and I could not identify it. I called into the Ritter Center and reported the second one of the same description, except for one detail which was that it had crossed the sky from east to west in one burst of speed instead of the erratic movements of the first one. I then called into the Ritter Center and reported the second one of the same description, except for one detail which was that it had crossed the sky from east to west in one burst of speed instead of the erratic movements of the first one. After the object had been out of sight for about 12 to 15 seconds, another one of the same description came into view in about the same spot and moved off to the south at a rapid rate of speed. I was still in the sky one overhead, and one about 4 or 5 miles to the S.E. The object appeared to be at about the same distance as it was all night. It then went out of sight behind some trees and I did not see it after that. I then waited for more than an hour and saw no other objects of the same description. I did not see it after that. I then waited for more than an hour and saw no other objects of the same description.

TRUE COPY:
/s/ Jack Perko
1st Lt., USAF