The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed text document describing an incident related to unidentified flying objects (UFOs) observed in Cincinnati, Ohio during the spring of 1956.

Output of the text found in the document:

During the spring of 1956 Venus stimulated an unusual amount of flying-saucer excitement. About 9:30 E.S.T. on the nights of March 20 and 22, thousands of persons in Cincinnati, Ohio, telephoned the newspapers and the local headquarters of Civilian Research Interplanetary Flying Objects (CRIFO), to report seeing objects "like a beacon" in the western sky. A reporter for the Cincinnati Enquirer stated: "To the naked eye, the object appeared to be an extraordinary luminous blush white light . . . through binoculars, the object appeared to be a compact slowly of lights, changing form as they revolved slowly. At one point, with binoculars just slightly out of focus, it seemed the appearance of a diamond-shaped object with a jewel-like turning lazily on an eccentric axis." The object was visible for nearly an hour, and although only one object was identified as Venus. To the saucer enthusiasts, however, it appeared as a low-flying luminous object with swift back-wings. Hovering in the west, ascending, and displaying colors that changed from red to white. While admitting that some of the reported sightings might have been Venus, the editor of Orbit (the official publication of CRIFO) argued that the changed shape and sparkled like diamonds and asteroids would not possibly be Venus. He stated "that the published shape had now been seen out of thousands UFOS reports, verified for the first time, and it was not Venus but its were not These stubborn six defied all conventional explanation." [6] Although these scientific-looking reports require further explanation, the flying saucer reports did not offer a real puzzle. The time, the position, the colors, and the apparent motions of the object were entirely consistent with those expected for the planet Venus under the prevailing atmospheric conditions. Dr. Paul Herget of the Cincinnati Observatory had easily identified the "mysterious" object. He added that Venus would continue to get brighter and brighter until the middle of May, and the number of UFOs sighted would probably increase correspondingly. He was right: Less than three weeks after the excitement in Cincinnati, Venus inspired one of the most notorious "Unknowns" in the history of saucerdom, one that evoked charges of fraud, falsehood, and conspiracy on a grand scale.