The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:

AF FORM 112--PART II UNCLASSIFIED        AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT 
Oct 3, 4552d AISS D3-LIPC-51-56          PAGE 2 OF 6 PAGES
I. SOURCE:   Address: ...., Atlantic Beach, Long Island, New York
Age: 42
Occupation: Summer Resort Operator 
Education: High School
Qualifications: None
II. RELIABILITY: SOURCE was a mature, level-headed, well-to-do businessman and had a good reputation in his community. He had felt he should file this report, but was worried about receiving any publicity over the matter. At no time did SOURCE indicate that he had received a saucer or other interpla-netary craft, but felt compelled to report certain observations and events that had taken place before his eyes. At no time did the SOURCE tend to exaggerate or embellish the details involved nor did he indicate any contradictions in his statements.
III. DETAILS OF DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING: SOURCE was driving home at 18:30 on 7 Apr 56 on Beach St., in a westerly direction. About four miles from home he noticed that a bright object low on the horizon had attracted his attention. Once more however it had changed its position from vertical to horizontal. Once more it gave him the impression that it was slowing down and speeding up as if it were under intelligent control. At one point it appeared to be an entirely different position he became concerned and stopped his car to observe it more closely. From this position it appeared to be an elongated oval or circular in shape and was luminous, emitting a blue-white light. It appeared to be about 20 miles away at a heading of about 275 degrees. It was about the size of a fifty-cent piece held at arm's length and that it was about 20 miles away at a heading of about 275 degrees. It was about the size of a fifty-cent piece held at arm's length. He estimated the object to be some 40 to 60 feet in diameter. He was said to have given the impression of being well versed, but that his voice appeared to tremble slightly. It gave SOURSE the impression that the object was white and brighter than the background sky and since it remained visible for some 10-12 minutes until it disappeared. SOURSE were glasses and made his observation with 10x50 binoculars through the rearview mirror of his automobile. all movement was erratic that it may have been under intelligent control. He did not notice any celestial bodies at the time of the sighting. He stated that he appeared to be about 3 or 4 miles away from the object and that the duration of the sighting was about 10-12 minutes. SOURSE gave the impression of a commercial and professional man.