The image contains a newspaper clipping with a photograph depicting a "flying saucer" that was allegedly seen by a man named Thomas J. Hutchinson in Moneymore, Northern Ireland. The article describes how Hutchinson was unable to hold onto the saucer-shaped object as it quickly flew away. 

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

COULDN'T HOLD IT-SO FLYIN' SAUCER GOT AWAY!
MONEYMOEE, Northern Ireland, Se pt. 6. - ( A P ) - - - Farmer Thomas J. Hutchinson named a saucer-shaped object as the only dry piece of ground in his midedle of a bog pond--but police preferred the farmer's version.
He had difficulty in holding it down, savs Hutchinson, a Royal Air Force officer said when questioned. Hutchinson said he and his wife spotted the object hovering about three feet high and is inches in diameter.
It started to rise quickly and disappeared into the clouds, he said. Hutchinson said he tried to hold it down but it managed to break away.
The Hutchinson farm is located in a long hand-rent area. "In the south of the country do wn where I live," said Hutchinson, "a saucer-shaped object is really something."
THOMAS HUTCHINSON IS NOT taking this thing lightly," he said. "We plainly saw it, but police preferred the farner's version."
THE HUTCHINSONS WATCHED THE object for a few moments. "Then the man kicked it over," said the Irishman. "But it returned to its original position."
When he got down on his hands and knees to examine the object more closely it started to rise again.
"He put a harness back on the same object, but it was pretty hopeless," added Hutchinson. "The odd thing was that it was the only place in the middle of a boggy field where the ground was dry." 
But on the way to the village of Bangor, it is thought he had to get busy again.
"I put the saucer down for a moment," he said, "and it started spinning again." 
Before he had time to throw himself on the queer colored invader it rose quickly and disappeared into the clouds.
The case is now being investigated by the Royal Air Force station at nearby Aldergrove.
The commander and the Royal Air Force sergeant who questioned Hutchinson said the official opinion was that he would not even hazard a guess at what he had seen.