The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that describes an incident where an unidentified object caused an Air Force plane to crash.

AIR FORCE PLANE DOWNED BY UNIDENTIFIED
OBJECT
Case 170. In air over Piainview, Tex., July 23, 1956--The above
headline quoted from the Rocky Mountain Newso Denver, Golo.,
refers to an incident occurring in the nation's interior. The
report is as follows:
"A Hamilton AFB transport plane survived a good $1
contact due to landing safely with shreds of the elevator
section of the aircraft's tail assembly torn away. The plane
backed out following a mysterious mid-air incident that no
one else could substantiate. Shortly after the pilot had
taken off at 10:20 P.M., July 23rd, he noticed a light, and
then a loud bang, a severe vibration and we went into a very
st ep dive.
In Capt. Richard Miller's words: "As we pulled out of the
dive, the two crew members were scrambling to their parachutes,
believing it was certain death. We did manage to land, however,
although the entire port engine had ceased functioning because
the nose gear door was torn away forcing the propeller to hit
the ground. There was a loud explosion and we lost our entire
elevator control. We were just barely able to make it to the
landing field."
The Air Force reported that the object the pilot saw, just
before the incident, was about the size and shape of a medium
jet and the speed estimated was "in excess of 600 knots." The
pilot said it was like a flash as it passed him. The errant
plane, thanks to the skill of the pilot, landed at the Amarillo
Air Force Base without further damage or injury."

Continued on the reverse side, the document states:
"Col. Griffis will say that this incident is "down the CROP line,"
i.e. freak wind and Jet stream conditions were responsible. We will
await further evidence and assure the public that we are doing
everything possible to get complete data on this case,
"This case concerns the incident of the Air Force plane apparently
struck while in flight near Amarillo, Texas on July 23, 1956. It is the
opinion of Capt. Richard Marler that the incident was caused by some
object striking the aircraft, producing extensive damage to the tail
section which rendered the plane momentarily out of control. The pilot
noticed a bright light or object just prior to the incident, which
suggested the possibility of contact with some unidentified flying
object. However, the Air Force explanation is that the unusual
atmospheric conditions prevailing at the time, such as high winds and
turbulance aloft, may have been a contributing factor in the damage
to the aircraft. Capt. Marler's opinion is that the incident was
caused by contact with some unidentified aerial object."