NOTE: NO CASE. INFORMATION ONLY.
Letter recieved by Dr Hynek at ATIC.
P. 24 hand report of observation in 1956 or 1957.

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

This letter is in answer to your inquiry about the experience I had a few years ago on a sighting. The "story on flying saucers being sighted in various parts of the United States had already become widespread. I normally must admit I looked this subject with skepticism and general disbelief. Then this happened:

On or about August 20, 1956 or '57 (it is hard to pinpoint the exact date now, but it was the first Monday of the Minn. State Fair) I was driving home the last newsboy from the State Fair trip. I had a group of girls home return home to White Bear to Hinckley. At about 11:30 P.M. while nearing his home, we suddenly saw, (and for awhile I considered it to be a false image of a so-called 'flying saucer') a bright "something" in the sky along side, keeping at a perfect parallel to the ground, since it was night, I was unable to get a positive perspective of this object, but guessed it to be about a mile or two away from us. The boy with me became very, terribly frightened, and I must admit, so was I. The object appeared to be about a mile or two away from us. The object appeared to be about the size of a stick house and about half-block long. There it came to a stop and 'parked' right in the sky. By then I had stopped the car also, and we both watched in amazement. I was able to get my wits about me again and decided it it now a more objective attitude. The fright somewhat left as too, since the object no longer appeared to be a threat. I was able to make a visual description of it in my mind so as not to forget what I was viewing. The shape of the object was 'impossible' to my estimation as it appeared too blunt to be able to travel as fast as it did when it left. Instead of the ends being tapered to a point, it appeared blunt, as the small end of an egg. There was a dome-like structure or bulge on the top about 2/3 as long as the over-all length, but in proportion to the entire structure, it was not very high. I was dimmed sure I was able to use inside of the dome, yet I am nothing other then this huge blunt-shaped object, glowing in a definite amber-red, with a narrow haze encircling its entirety. When it left, bodily, it was with such a burst of speed then that almost made it reached its top speed after the initial thrust was made. I heard no noise at anytime during this sighting. I brought the boy long time telling him, "don't let it bother you...we saw unusual 're-flection of some sort". Later I felt I may have handled it incorrect-ly but he was so frightened I thought it best to minimize it then. About 2 hours later I was alone, having decided to erase it erase the incident from my mind, not even letting my wife know of it. She was awake and sensed something was wrong and thought I had experienced being at the scene of an accident. I have driven close to a million miles in the past 20 years of newspaper work, about 1/4 of it being after dark. In all of this driving, I have not had any other experience that I not have a natural or logical explanation, and I would certainly like to find one for this.

Sincerely

[signature - redacted]

[sketch: simple line drawing of object - blunt-ended, dome-shaped on top]