There does not appear to be a photograph present in the shared image. The image shows a page of text from a document, which seems to be a report or letter about a UFO sighting.

Transcribing the text from the document:

could see of the tree - it being lit slightly - to see a semi-silhouette of the upper branches. Consequently I placed the lights in the yard of the house in a semi-circular arrangement 200 yards away from the object.

At this point I remember reading an article sometime previously in a magazine in which it was described how experiments conducted on various sightings during similar conditions - (if I am enclosing the article - as I have - it was subsequently relocated it) -. 

This was in 1956 - just prior to my separation. About two in the morning - from the crest of the aforementioned hill on which I stood I was facing downhill and could see the distant glow of Washington DC.

I watched the lights for about five to seven minutes - I timed them - but have since forgotten the exact sequence of events. As light began to leave us and dimmers without dimming began to bob sideways a little more still slowly - almost erratically - and begin to settle down - still more, to the ground - there was no sound that I could detect during this - or any other sensation that the lights were not going to reappear. I saw them go down the hill (I didn't up until this time, I was puzzled by their actions and thought too, that they would be explained if I continued to watch them - when I reached the spot where I had thought they were I could see no sign of them. And I couldn't see any life - and to explain this - to a desk-sergeant. 

I was back into town - thinking of little coffee-shop - and the proprietor seemed strangely convinced that I was all worked up over nothing - and I was getting excited over nothing - so I let it go.

As I recall, there was at that time a great deal of expertly authenticated information confirming that such sightings had taken place and were investigated by highly trained Army posts of strange high-flying green and red lights - that were irrecusable, but I dismissed and it was my mind - I know very well the fact across - finding by the qualified distance - with definite discussions surrounding the observed light proven show was illuminated from behind - with definite discussion surrounding the observed light proven was illuminated from behind - I hope this can clarify the chance that you get - otherwise would - further delay in notifying you - There was at that time so much publicity and general non-believing of the "Flying Saucer" business that I felt that I would be just taking up your time - now I am not so sure.

Sincerely yours -