This document page does not contain any photographs.

Here is the OCR text from the document:

```
McKinney, Texas
May 14, 1956

Director of Air Force Intelligence
Army Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

Attached hereto is a sketch of an unidentified flying object seen
over this city, or apparently over it, on April 4, 1956. Efforts
have been made to identify the UFO, hence the delay of sending
this report.

The UFO was called to my attention, as I am the local weather bureau
observer, and I noted it at 3:15 P.M. on the afternoon of the date
named above. It was apparently ten degrees northwest of zenith
from McKinney, and I at first thought it a weather radiosonde
balloon. On calling the Fort Worth Weather Bureau however, I learned 
that there were no weather balloons in the air in this vicinity. I 
then decided it was far higher than at first I believed, and ran 
a base of three miles for a triangulation reading. The angles 
showed little or no convergence, and I ran another base line of 
the same length. This latter triangulation showed, as far as I could
determine with my old prismatic compass, a convergence of about 
three degrees. This placed the UFO some 100,000 feet up. With 
an old rifle telescope I took several readings and finally worked 
the object out as subtending somewhere near a minute of arc, making 
it over 200 feet in diameter.

An amateur astronomer here placed his 200-power telescope on the UFO
and drew a sketch of it for me. I am sending you a copy of this.
The astronomer said it apparently was moving westward at about 100
miles per hour, though the upper air currents were blowing toward 
the east far greater than that. I noted the UFO from 3:15 - 8:10
dark. I saw it was in opposition with the planet Venus, which I saw 
while watching the UFO, and about seven degrees north of the 
planet. As the planet traveled westward the UFO kept its station
with respect to Venus--seven degrees north. I am inclined to think 
that what the astronomer, █████████████████████████████████ this
city, interpreted as movement was the rotation of the earth, turning
away from the UFO.

Now, a most peculiar phenomenon connected with the UFO was the fact
that it did not rotate all afternoon. The raised band around its
middle remained stationary--north and south. There were no appendages
attached to the UFO whatever. It glistened in the sunlight like
silver, though Mr. ████ said it looked as if it was made
translucent, silvery rubber. I did not observe it through the tel-
escope, only through a four-power glass. So far as I was able to
determine, the UFO did not change its position with respect to the 
planet Venus at any time, and when it finally disappeared, about 
9:00 P.M., it was in the same relative position.
```