There does not appear to be a photograph in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, containing a memorandum for record regarding the evaluation of Lakenheath reports.

Text from the document:

MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD

SUBJECT: (C) Evaluation of Lakenheath Reports

1. The original Lakenheath reports and the preliminary evaluations made by ATIC were submitted to the undersigned for examination, evaluation and comment. Visits were requested to discuss these with Dr. F.H. Seitz. Accordingly, Lt. Col. Duffy and the writer interviewed Lt. Col. Price and Major Johnson of the Air Force Security Service, in view of the fact that sightings occurred at the time of ferrell Beacon and Dr. Whipple is a recognized authority on meteors. Following comments will accordingly be invited to cover the three points.

2. It is to be regretted that no unusual a sighting report did not contain more specific information on which to base an evaluation. The Lakenheath report is one of the more unusual UFO reports involving electronic countermeasures and visual observations and subsequent activities by fighter planes. Yet, the report does not state whether it was definitely established that visual and electronic sightings were coincidental, even if they occurred for over an hour. Additional information would be extremely valuable for an evaluation which might enable one to charge weather conditions, with any precision relative to "anomalous propagation" such as frequently occur with radars.

3. It would be most valuable to have "independent statements from the various observers both at Bentwaters and Lakenheath". Report states that the "observers" are listed. Intelligence specialists. An analysis would be greatly aided by having independent statements from such highly trained observers as the original report indicates the observers were.

4. The implication of the original report is that the objects were sighted simultaneously by ground-visual, air-visual and ground-electronic means. Their apparent movements and direction of travel seem highly irregular. Angular rate of motion of objects is deduced not to have been consistent with normal aircraft.

5. With the above in mind, the preliminary reports submitted by Capt. Gregory appear to well summarize the evidence. The reason for this is, upon more detailed examination of the report, inconsistencies and discrepancies of the original report mentioned in paragraph 2 above seem highly unlikely. For instance, it seems highly unlikely that the Perceived meteors could have maneuvered in the manner described by the observers. Particular if the two phenomena, visual and electronics, were not definitely established to be coincidental. Certain aspects of the report seem to indicate that the apparent motion of the objects in the visual sightings were exceptionally slow, which is unusal for meteors. But additional information would be required to determine whether the two phenomena were indeed interconnected, and rules may be given to the answer of the objects as sighted visually are "anomalous propagation".

CLASSIFICATION: SECRET
AUTHORITY: DEPUTY UNDER SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE (S&I) BY SECURITY REVIEW, 1 MARCH 1955 