There are no photographs present in the provided page.

Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```
1D 2k. 1i 18th Dist OSI (IB) USAF, subj: Report of Unidentified 
Flying Object photographed by Miss XXXXXXX XXXXXX, XXXXXX XXX 
Street, Bostonia, California, on 12 October 1956 or 2 November 1956 

appearance on film XXXXXXX chose a ni ht when the moon was full 
and to the best of her recollection the photograph was taken either
12 October or 2 November 1956, sometime between 2100 hours and 
2130 hours XXXXXX the camera was placed on the ground in the yard in 
front of her faXXXXXXXXter, pastor of the 
church located at XXXXXX XXXXXX Street, Bostonia, California), the 
camera was propped up by a rock so that the lens pointed directly 
at the moon at an angle of approximately 60 degrees from the horizon- 
tal. The shutter was placed in the "time exposure" posi- in that 
position for a period of 10 to 20 minutes. XXXXXX stated the 
camera was in exactly the same position when cel and found it as when 
she left it. The miss and he film was in the roll of plus 
x, the balance of the was turned out during; avation week; which 
time the roll was removed from the camera. XXXXXXX XXXXXX stated that 
she did not develop any negatives nor roll of film unt 5 June 1957 
with XXXXXX XXXXXXX allung her turn to use the facilities available to 
her at school. 

4. Description of the camera follows: 

Nomenclature: AGFA, Model B-2 (box camera) 
Size of Camera: 3 3/4 wide, 6" high, 5 long 
Lens: Fixed (non adjustable) 
Shutter Speed: Fixed (non adjustable) 
Shutter opening: Fixed (non adjustable) 

5. XXXXXXX advised that she maintained no written record of 
the processing of the film, other that she had developed and printed 
the film herself and from memory provided the following data: 
Type of Film: Kodak, Panotomic X 
XTemperature of Chemicals used: 750 
Type of developer: Dektol 
Developing Time: 15 minutes 
Acid Fix Time: 15 minutes 
Rinse time (water): 2 1/2 hours 
Drying Time: 24 hours 

XXXXX stated that when she developed this photograph she assumed 
that the object appearing on the n tive was a spot or watermark. 
that the ends a contact mark on the prent paper, at which time a male fellow 
student observed the print and remarked, "it pictures of a 
flying saucer" XXX first analyXXX she did not believe it at 
first, but further examination by the class and by the instructor 
convinced her that an object of some kind other than a water mark
```
