The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
PART I
PILCP 3-52, 1LCOZ4 A135
35-UFO-91-56
PAGE 2
OF 5 PAGES

I. SOURCE: Mr. ------- -------
Address: Morrisville, Vermont 
Age: 46
Occupation: Lathe Operator, Stowe-Harris, Stowe, Vermont
Education: 2 years High School
Qualifications: CCC Observer

II. RELIABILITY: Mr. Wilcox has no previous experience as a trained observer. He is apparently a reliable and intelligent source. He seemed quite positive in his testimony.

III. SOURCE'S DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING: Mr. ------was on duty with the Morrisville Volunteer Fire Department at 2236 hours on 6 May 1956. The object was first noticed at approximately 2200 hours. It was described as a brilliant star-like object which appeared to be moving west to east. The light appeared yellowish-white and seemed to fluctuate in intensity. It was observed for about 10 minutes and then disappeared from view. The object was located approximately 35° above the horizon and 40° to the left of the centerline of the observer's position. The object seemed to move at a high rate of speed and covered approximately half the sky during the time of observation. The object appeared to move in a straight line. No sound was heard. The size of the object appeared to be about the size of a dime held at arm's length (See Incl 1). One object moved behind a cloud and re-appeared. All objects were a brilliant white in color. 

Mr. Wilcox left his post at 2300 hours. EST, 6 May 1956. He was on his way home when he observed a second object in the same area of the sky. The object was moving north at the time of the sighting and observed only for a few seconds. It appeared slightly larger than the previous object and was a brilliant white in color. The second object moved very fast in a straight line from east to west.

IV. SOURCE'S sketch of sightings:

(no sketch provided)