The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Text Output:
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT UNCLASSIFIED
Flight 2-D, 4-5924 A139
1. BOURCE: John Doe (Father of 2nd Lt. Doe)
Address: Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
Age: 58
Occupation: Lumber retailer
Education: 3 years College, Liberal Arts
Qualifications: Educated, reputable businessman
II. RELIABILITY:  SUBJECT was reported to be of average intelligence. Answers to questions were given in a forthright manner with no attempts to propaganda-
tize or embelish.
III. SOURCE'S DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING: SOURCE stated that on 6 May 1956 at 10:10 p.m. he and 2nd Lt. Doe and Mrs. Doe were driving in a 1954 Chevrolet along a country road west of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. They noticed an unusual object in the sky which they watched for approximately 30 minutes. The object was described as being round or oval in shape, emitting a bright bluish-white light and seemed to be hovering or slowly moving in a southerly direction. The object was illuminated with lights and appeared to be individual or separate parts. It seemed to change course at times and occasionally to start, stop or change shape. However, it did change size from point of observation. SOURCES could not identify or describe the types of lights or flash indications of the object. They stated the object was solid. There was no audible sound during the sighting. SUBJECT stated that after observing the object for some time, it appeared to be the size of a nickel held at arm's length when seen against the sky. He estimated its size to be approximately 300 degrees from true north and approximately 30 degrees above the horizon. SUBJECT stated that the object was occasionally obscured by high-tension power lines. The color of the object, according to SUBJECT, seemed to be a bright bluish-white. The object appeared to move in a somewhat erratic manner similar to a bowl. SUBJECT reported that he was looking northwest through the windshield of the car. The object seemed to move in and out of the field of vision at times. The object was in sight for approximately 30 minutes before it disappeared, fading off gradually.
SOURCES, Part One, is of the opinion that the object was an air-craft of some kind, but could not identify it or describe it in detail.
UNCLASSIFIED