There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document. As an OCR system, I will now proceed to extract the text from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
HQ 2727th AIR DIVISION (Defense)
15 JUL 1956
CASE 728

I. SOURCE: Address: [redacted], San Bernardino, California
Age: 41 years old
Occupation: Student - Christian Ministerial Studies 
Qualifications: None
II. RELIABILITY: Good. In a personal interview, the witness was cooperative and related and rational in his thinking of the events.
III. DETAILS OF INCIDENT: The witness stated that on 17 July 1956, at about 10:00 PM, he was lying on the grass in the backyard of his home watching airplanes with 2 cameras when he noticed what appeared to be 2 "orange balloons" hovering in the sky approximately 100 yards away at an altitude estimated to be about 300 feet. There was no noise and the objects hovered motionless for about 2 to 3 minutes. He then observed 2 small "balls of fire" appear from the center of the objects, one from each object, and travel straight down at a 45 degree angle, disappearing from sight. Immediately after the "balls of fire" disappeared, the original orange objects shot straight up into the sky at a very high rate of speed and disappeared. The witness claimed to have taken several photographs of the objects, but stated that when he developed the film, there were no images on the negatives.
The witness seemed to be sincere and did not seem to have any other motive than to report what he saw. He claimed to have no other unusual sightings before or since this incident. All factors considered, this report is felt to be a legitimate observation. No other reports have been received from this area regarding similar sightings. The witness confirmed that the weather conditions at the time of sighting were clear with a slight breeze. There was no moon visible. Source's description of weather conditions at the time of sighting corresponds to reports from other sources regarding conditions in the area on that date.