The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from the United States regarding an unidentified flying object sighting near Big Bethel, Virginia on September 9-10, 1956.

The text found in the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
COUNTRY: USA
SUBJECT: Big Bethel near Newport News, AFB, VA.
DATE OF REPORT: 9 September 1956
DATE OF OBSERVATION: 10 September 1956
OBSERVERS: Civilian Observers
REPORTED BY: Capt. R. E. Mccloskey, USAF, Port Smith
INTELLIGENCE OFFICER: Capt. V. T. Ford, Smith

SUMMARY: (Gives short summary of report. The significance is listed in concluding paragraph. List measures as lower left. Begin text of report on AF Form 112 - Part II.)

An unidentified flying object was sighted Sunday, 9 September 1956, between 2030 and 2130 hours (EST) near Big Bethel, approximately 15 miles west of the Newport News, AFB, Virginia. The object was described as bright, white, and luminous, and is estimated to have been at an altitude of approximately 10,000 feet and traveling in a southwesterly direction at an estimated speed of over 1,000 mph. The object followed a zig-zag path and then disappeared suddenly. Although the speed, altitude, and maneuverability of the object are inconceivable for any known aircraft, it was observed only for a brief period. The sighting lasted approximately 2 minutes and was terminated when the object disappeared suddenly. Although descriptions of the object vary slightly between observers, all agree that the object was brighter than a star or planet, followed an erratic path, and disappeared suddenly. Weather reports coincide with observer's description with the exception of the open canopy which was not twenty (20) minutes after the object was last seen moving out of sight in a downward flight path. The reliability of the civilian observers is unknown, but their sighting was reported to the Air Force and entered in the Blue Book files.

RITCH V. MCCLOSKEY
1LT, USAF
Intelligence Officer