The image does not contain any photograph or visual depiction. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically an Air Intelligence Information Report.

OCR Text Output:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
FLIGHT 3-8, GOOD AREA  
30-UFD3-56                     PART 5

Address: Watertown, New York  
Age: 44  
Occupation: Housewife  
Education: 16 years  
Qualifications: B.A. degree  

II. RELIABILITY: The witness was a pleasant, middle age woman, source was very definite in her actions and quite opinionated in her answers to investigator's questions. The information provided appeared reasonable, and agreed with accounts had previously from observers identified. On one occasion the witness reported to play cards and usually went to observe objects again. At no time did she demonstrate any reluctance to discuss this incident.

III. INVESTIGATION OF SIGHTING: The witness was at home at 11/2/56 and decided to observe the object mentioned in local reports. By her own account she observed the object for 30 to 45 minutes. The object gave off a brilliant red glow that flashed and faded periodically, much more sharply outlined.

SOLUTION: Sighting was reported as unidentifiable, no attempt to rationalize. If the moon was visible at the time, it could have been a trick of the eye, showing the movement as being circular or pulsating. Otherwise, no explanation is made.

The witness did not leave the household to observe the object. At no time did it appear to change position or speed of travel. The object remained stationary in the sky and after about 15 minutes, the witness reported it suddenly disappeared as she did not watch it that long.

The witness's description agreed with other observers on the level of the sighting. Although source could not estimate the distance or speed of the object, the sighting was consistent with other reports.

The sources described the weather as being dry, cold, and clear, but doesn't remember if the wind was blowing or not.

1. Incandescent
2. FIGURE 3 - sketch of object