The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, specifically a "Sighting Letter" from a USAF-retired individual to an unnamed recipient.

TRANSCRIBED TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

Dear Sir:

Reference your UFO study: you probably already have this item in your file, but, in case you don't, I will briefly outline it and you can contact me for full details if you want them.

I retired (30 years service) 1 April 1967 from the USAF. I have placed my name, rank, and serial number at the top of the page if you want to check on my authenticity. I had excellent clearance in the past (and still have a secret during the course of Air Traffic; I won't bother listing the types and locations, although I could supply all those if necessary).

I have never mentioned this incident, as I was pretty sure it is considered classified, and the only reason I feel free to give you details is because you are an official government agency.

On 13 August 1956 (approximately late September--I can't remember the exact date or month), I was on duty as Watch Supervisor at Lakenheath RAF Station (also USAF Station) in the Radar Air Traffic Control Center. It was the 5:00 p.m. to midnight shift, and we had either four or five other controllers on duty with me.

At about 10 minutes past midnight, the scope showed what at first appeared to be an unidentified aircraft traveling at tremendous speed northbound. It was estimated by the operators to be traveling about 4,000 mph. Anyway, it was picked up by our Sculthorpe GCA Unit calling on our radar, and the target was traveling at tremendous speed.

The pilot said they had checked with the London Control Center, and that nothing unusual was showing on their scopes. About 15 minutes later, the target went off our scope, but apparently reappeared about 30 miles southwest of Sculthorpe. It was then tracked by Sculthorpe GCA for about 30 minutes, after which it disappeared.

He said the tower-directed landing was aborted, and the object just appeared to be 50,000 feet at one instant and then at ground level the next. The aircraft immediately had all kind of electronic equipment malfunction and had to be escorted back to its starting point. I immediately had all the men keep careful logs on everything that transpired.

I called and reported all the facts to this point, including Sculthorpe GCA's initial report, to the 3rd Air Division Command Post at London. They in turn notified 3rd Air Force Command Post, and them hooked into the USAF chain of command.

I have never mentioned this incident, as I was pretty sure it is considered classified, and the only reason I feel free to give you details is because you are an official government agency.