The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

WEEN-TV-6

cont.): That frequency and talk to us, and then came alongside us and took off from where we were on our heading. But we
called them and they said they were 'about off' - and that was about 6 minutes and we couldn't work them any longer. 
Then just after 10 to 12 minutes and they're still and what we giving... relaying the messages back and forth. And it was
then about 10 or 12 minutes and they're still and they're still going.
And we can't... I don't know, we'd probably still be flying if just don't know where this bay where we were why didn't they

Miller: Well what happened to the object?
It went off, it just went to the northwest and it went
out of sight.

Foster: 
Was it more rapid? All of a sudden did it accelerate its
speed?

Neff:
It did appear to...after it got over the water it appeared
to really get out of sight very fast.

Miller: 
Did you people in Toronto see an orange light?

Mrs. Miller: * * * (garbled) well now, tell us, what do you think it is?

Foster:
This sounds very much like some of the investigations of
Mr. XXXX XXXXXXX on unidentified flying objects. But it seems most of the good cases he talks about
had these short timed events either the airplane didn't get a good look at one or else there was some reason
why they just didn't have a good look at some of these unidentified flying objects. Probably the
same thing that has been reported many times in the past five years. In relation to this subject I notice that you
people hesitate to refer to them as 'flying saucers.' So
does it happen to unfolded that those cases that we investigated flying objects that might have been
saucer-shaped or not?

Miller:
Oh I don't know. I couldn't say.

Neff: There was no definite shape to it, it was just a brilliant light.

Foster: 
He (Possibly) talks about three different general types:
is a point of light, much as what you appear to have as
streetlights or airplanes, and the third is a sort of