The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report discussing a UFO sighting in Parma Heights, Ohio on September 7, 1956.

OCR Text Output:

UNCLASSIFIED

1. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographic films.

2. It is stated that on 7 September 1956, at 2215 hours, Cleveland, Ohio, a called his home and reported the following: On 7 September 1956, at approximately 2215 hours, he and his wife were outdoors and observed two (2) lights in the sky. The lights were white in color. He further stated that these lights appeared to be approximately 200 to 300 yards in the air and seemed to be stationary. He has stated that the unidentified flying objects were hovering and that he observed them for about 30 minutes.

3. It is stated that these unidentified flying objects were observed in the vicinity of Parma, Cleveland, Ohio. The report further related that the unidentified flying objects appeared to be circular in shape, approximately 900 FEET in diameter, and were fluorescent in nature. It was estimated that these objects were no sound.

4. It is stated that at 2305 hours, 7 September 1956, called to report that (2) indented objects coming from the southwest (no further detail). He stated that he went out side but did not see the objects that he had seen at 2300 hours had disappeared and that it was now more than three hours later and they did not recall any further details.

5. It is stated that the informant had an interest in unidentified flying objects for approximately three (3) years and that he has read the following books on the subject of unidentified flying objects:
"Flying Saucers On Attack" by WILSON
"Here Are UFO's" by Captain RUPPELT
"Flying Saucer Conspiracy" by Major DONALD KEYHOE
"Flying Saucer Occupants" by Coral and Jim LORENZEN

In addition, the informant had articles in the following magazines: "The Little Listening Post" published in Washington, D. C.; "Saucer News" published by CLEAR, formerly Associated with the National Investigations Committee On Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) adds that this Council has had over (1) national meeting at which reportedly fifteen (15) persons were present.

DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 20 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY