NOTE: NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY.
Letter received by Dr Hynek. Rept of observation in 1956 or 1957.
[redacted], 24 hour report of observation in 1956 or 1957.

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

This letter is in answer to your inquiry about the experience I had on a two mile trip on a sightline. The "story of flying saucers being sighted in various parts of the United States had already become fairly well known. I personally must admit I looked upon this subject with skepticism and general disbeliever. Then this happened:

On or about August 20, 1956 or '57 (It is hard to pinpoint the exact date now, but it was the first Monday of the UFO date Fair) I was driving home to the last newsboy from the State Fair trip, I had a group of six boys to return home to towns from White Bear to Hinckley. At about 11:30 P.M. on arriving at his home, we suddenly saw, I did for exhibit I considered it to be a false image of a so-called 'flying saucer') a large object 'coasting' in the sky along side of me, keeping at a perfect parallel to the ground. Since it was night, I was unable to get a positive perspective of this object, but guessed it to be about a mile or two away from us. The boy with me became extremely frightened, and I must admit, so was I. The object seemed to be about a mile or two away from us. The northern object appeared to be about the size of a 3 story house and about half-block long. Then, it came to a stop and 'parked' right in the sky. By then I had stopped the car along, and we both waited in amazement. I was able to get my wits about me again and looked at it in a more observing attitude. The fright somewhat left me too, since the object hung apparent to be a threat. I was anxious to make a visual description of it in my mind so as not to forget what I was viewing. The shape of the object was 'impossible' to my estimation as it appeared too blunt to be able to travel at fast as it did when it left. Instead of the ends being tapered to a point, it appeared blunt, as the small end of an egg. There was a dome-like structure on top of the egg about 2/3 along or one overall length. In proportion to the entire structure, it was not very high. I was almost sure I was able to see inside of the dome, yet I saw nothing other than this huge blunt-shaped object, glowing in a definite narrow-ed white a narrow haze enclosing its entire left, briefly, it was with such a burst of speed that I would estimate it reached its top speed after the initial thrust was made. I heard a noise at anytime during this sighting. I brought the boy home telling him, "don't let it bother you...we saw an unusual reflection of some sorts." Later I felt I may have handled it incorrectly by but as a disheartened thought he said similarly to it then. About 2 hours later I was home, having failed to erase the incident from my mind, not even letting my wife know of it. She was aware and guessed something was wrong and thought I mad experienced having at the scene of an accident. I have driven close to a million miles by car in the past 20 years of newspaper work, about 1/4 of it being after dark. In all of this driving I have not had any other experience that did not have a natural or logical explanation, and I would certainly like to find one for this.

Sincerely
[redacted]

[Drawing of object: simple curved/dome shape sketch in circle at bottom left of page]