The image does not contain any visible photographs. However, it appears to be a page from an "Air Intelligence Information Report" document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s.

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Flight 1-c, 14,602d AISS
AIS-UFuB-473-56  PART ONE

I. SOURCE: MR. 
Address: 
Age: 25
Occupation: Property and Scenery Technician (television)
Columbia Broadcasting System, 4525 Sunset Blvd., Los Angeles, Part Time Artist

Education: 12 years college (liberal arts) Syracuse University, N.Y. 

Qualifications: None

II. RELIABILITY: SOURCE appears to be a sincere young man with above average intelligence for his age. His description of what he saw appears to be conscientious, and probably accurate. He was hesitant to talk about his experience as he felt he would be considered an "eccentric". However, he did relate details which might corroborate his story. The interviewer's impression is that SOURCE either honestly believes he lived the experience or he is willing to cooperate to the extent he actually saw something unusual in the sky.

III. SOURCE'S DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING AND EVENTS:
On the evening of 15 August 1956, SOURCE was awakened by a sound he thought to be a "sonic boom". Immediately after SOURCE heard the sound, his bedroom light went out. He observed through the window three ball-like objects hovering over the distant horizon at medium altitude. The objects were illuminated from within and were highly maneuverable. After watching the objects for approximately 5 to 10 minutes, they combined into a single white light that rapidly accelerated to the north and disappeared from sight within 2 or 3 seconds. SOURCE estimated the time of the total sighting to be about 60 seconds. The three ball-like objects were approximately 150 feet away from him to the north. When the objects combined into a single light, it was approximately 200 to 300 feet away. The white light that rapidly accelerated to the north was estimated to be approximately 500 feet away. SOURCE had previously been in the Air Force and was familiar with jet aircraft, but stated that the objects he saw were unlike any aircraft he had ever seen before. The motion and speed of the objects were completely different from any type of aircraft. SOURCE felt the objects could not have been a reflection of any known aircraft. The source was startled by the incident and broke a glass as he sought to get a better view. He immediately checked the house to see if his wife and children were safe, and they were sleeping normally. The next morning SOURCE discussed the incident with his wife, who stated she had not been awakened and knew nothing of the incident. SOURCE added that no other neighbors reported seeing the objects. SOURCE first saw the objects through his bedroom window, and shortly thereafter he stepped out into the backyard to get a better view. The objects were still visible as he stepped outside, and appeared to be approximately 150 feet away. The source stated that he has never before or since seen any objects similar to those he observed on that night.