The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

San Diego, California 92128
April 15, 1966

Public Information Division (SAF-OIP)
Room 4C919
The Pentagon
Washington, D. C. 20325

Attention: UFO Project Officer

Gentlemen:

The numerous sightings of unidentified flying objects that are currently being reported again bring to my mind a flying object which I observed about 10 years ago. I did not keep a record and do not know the exact date, but it is just as vivid to me now as it was the day it occurred and I have puzzled over it many times since.

As I recall, I reported it to the Strategic Air Command in Pasadena, but apparently it was assumed that I was some sort of a crackpot and little consideration was given. I was handed a standard form prepared for reports of this type, but it was not appropriate, that is, it failed to bring out the unusual circumstance involved, and the representative who talked to me showed little interest in my story so I dropped the whole thing at this point.

It is no doubt has little value so far as national security is concerned but I am particularly convinced beyond a shadow of doubt that the object was real and under control of some sort, as it defied all laws of gravity. It was also close range in broad daylight, with no possibility of confusion with any other object that I have ever seen, and nothing like that -- just its movements were unusual.

At any rate, I feel that the incident should be on record in case there are others who have reported seeing similar objects and following is a summary of the performance.

It was working at the 13th floor of the Federal Building, Los Angeles, when I casually looked out the window and saw at about the same level what I thought must be a balloon, but its shape seemed peculiar and its movement was not normal for a floating balloon and it immediately attracted my attention.

Further examination indicated that it was larger than an ordinary toy balloon, more oblong or pear-shaped. It was green in color with a slight metallic luster. As to size, I would estimate it to have been approximately 12 to 15 feet in diameter, as I viewed it from a distance of several hundred feet.