The image does not contain any photograph. 

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)

FIRST-HAND REPORT OF A UFO EMITTING A RADIO SIGNAL

The following extraordinary observation came to us via Lex Mebane, through the courtesy of a mutual friend, Mrs. Anthony W. Dander, of Roslyn, Long Island, a connection of contacts who arranged for an interview with the witness. This observer presented a crop of UFO appearances on November 5th that made that day such a dies mirabilis in American annals.

The observer was Mr. Jacques N. Jacobsen, Jr. of Staten Island, a young man trained as a meteorologist, who noted a response position in New York City with a large railroad company. In the first week of November he was on vacation, visiting in the Lake Baskatong area, about 100 miles north of Ottawa. There was no electricity at the camp, but they had with them a portable short-wave radio "of the type used in World War II landing craft." (Both ground and battery are represented which names on the side.)

At about 9 p.m. Totten went out to the outhouses; he came back breathlessly exclaiming: "There's a flying saucer out there!" The others laughed, and suggested that he invite the little green men in for coffee. (Mr. Jacobsen thought they had best leave them alone — the whiskey had cut one hour before.) However, he insisted. They went out on the porch and sure enough, there was, as Totten had said, a brilliantly illuminated object hovering over the lake, about one-half mile distant, at an estimated height of two or three miles away. Might this actually have been a misinterpretation of the sky phenomena?

By no means. The sky had been completely overcast by heavy, low-hanging clouds for several hours, and the object was beneath these clouds. This round, lenticular object suddenly emerged from the heavens, coming down from the top of the clouds, the upper beam illuminating the undersurface of the low clouds. (See the accompanying sketch, by Mr. Jacobsen's own hand.)

The brightness of the object was dazzling — "like looking into a searchlight". (Other witnesses were using 25-power binoculars. Its color was yellowish-white, not the bluish-white of a summer. Because of the glare, its edges were not sharply defined. It did not pulsate, pulsate, or oscillate.) 25 binoculars revealed no further details.

Mr. Jacobsen took two 35-mm photographs, which had not yet been developed when this report was written. They will show anything more than a dot of light.)

While this was being seen, it was discovered that there was "no reception" on the portable radio. Turning the short-wave radio, with the same results, none of the bands could be picked up — even the government time signals, which invariably came in clearly. But there was one exception: at one frequency a very strong signal was received,rapidly modulating single cycle beats, soon disappearing. Some like the modulations that would have been recognized by pilots in aircraft, without any distinguishing characteristics identifying the transmitter.

As to the frequency, Mr. Jacobsen could not recall the exact figure, but thought it was around 25-30 megacycles (where the major airline and aircraft communications are). So something had apparently been received that week all over the earth, pole to pole.