There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book report document.

Mr. Howard Cross - page UNCLASSIFIED
3 April 1956

(Note: This investigation should be made through an interview with Lt. Long by a competent Flight Surgeon, and by means of a check-up with Survival Course personnel at stand at Las Banos.)

Third, there is a possibility that this may conform to the pattern of many previous flying saucer reports. As I pointed out some nine years ago in my first analysis, practically all reports are characterized by complete lack of observation of specific details of the object observed. (Note that here the object itself is never clearly seen it appears to be the mist and bright glare of its own luminous components (the "translucent glow") as well as the "hemispherical" handing gear for the object which were without definite structure. This appearance of roundness, lack of clear corners, edges, structural detail, etc., may have actually become the object is seen rarely as clearly as in a moonlit night when the edge outline becomes distinguishable. As this object moved, I am satisfied that he saw direct light source, or else his eyes are out of focus, or else the object is much further away than assumed. Lt. Long's account is clearly inconsistent with his statement that he was within 50 feet of the object. At 50 feet one should have been able to observe all structural details, such as antennae, radar masts and so forth.

If conditions should be true, I cannot speculate as to what was actually seen. However, I do recommend that a thorough check be made for possible meteors or other natural activities in the area.

I am at a loss to account for the high intensity noise together with absence of dust, smoke, or dust effects. It may be conjecture here is that the objects may have been much farther away than assumed. Sound travels to others to judge the impotence of this evidence.

As to the "several small impressions" in the sand I shall leave it to others to judge the importance of this evidence.

In summary, I strongly feel that this is just another case of mistaken identity or confusion in perception under unusual circumstances. This opinion must, of course, is based primarily on considerations that I have pointed out before from a scientific viewpoint, it is impossible to disprove in each case that the thing observed was not a vehicle from other space - it is not passing to prove the null hypothesis. However, in view of the now widespread and cumulative amount of negative data, my own inclination is to discount this and similar reports as having no remaining substance as evidence of an immediate presence.

Sincerely,
Paul M. Fitts