The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed document titled "STATEMENT BY DR. HYNEK" dated 14 March 1957. The text of the document is as follows:

Following prepared for Captain Gregory after an examination of pre- liminary reports on objects of 9 March 57:

a. Bolides, or fireballs, differ from ordinary meteors in that they are much brighter (sometimes tremendous) and appear like a magnesium flare hurting through the lower atmosphere, and in that they persist much longer visible in the atmosphere. Per dominantly white-yellow in color, these often have the orange and greenish tints illuminated, as a bolide is generally a mass of molten matter at several thousand degrees C. It becomes visible at heights above 50 miles but, unlike an ordinary meteor, does not burn out as it falls, but encounters the ground.

b. A close encounter with such an object is an extremely rare occurrence, and astronomers are generally extremely skeptical of their existence. However, astronomical records show that people who have observed real fireballs (and the majority of people don't see one all their lives) underestimate their distance. There are cases on record in which two observers 200 miles apart both reported the same object to have landed "in that beyond the hills" or "in the next county".

c. A fireball appears to travel at uncommonly high speeds (actually travel at 6-40 miles per second) and the great apparent angular rate leads even the best observers to misjudge its distance and size. Observers very much closer than 20 at most.

In the present instance, a pilot 175 miles away saw it simultaneously. Color red and green, and it had the appearance of a long cylindrical object, Even the dimensions, as reported, have the characteristics of a bolide.

One case of a bolide comes to mind in which a truck driver, late at night, sighted what he thought was an airplane making a "crash landing" and stopped to his aid. The fireball landed several hundred yards from the truck.

There is therefore no basic evidence that contradicts the hypothesis that the fan American flight was encountered (and passed beneath) a bolide.