The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text transcribed from the image:

Accidental or not.

Anyway, any way that one looks at it if we are dealing with a known sub-stance, then the presence of the latter on the highway is, therefore, explained and also explains the cracked pieces that were encountered over an area of 3 to 4 meters in diameter. In this small province of 195 people, the passing of an asphalt truck would not go unnoticed and, at 10:45 at night, it would be an unlikelihood. Even a leak in a mosaic would not have left such traces. We examined the approximate bridges and highways for some other clues.

Cows and storm lamps

We know, through the press the almost official version that has been accredited to the statements of the Mayor of Beaucourt, Mr. ********* . According to this version, Mr. ********* left his house about 11:30 p.m. Carrying a storm lamp to try and check on his cows (one of them having died) going to the pasture that is next to his farm and extends up to an intersection of the Mirémont highway route.

This could possibly be the lamp that the witnesses saw as having been the projector of red and white glaring lights, then the same light that they saw in the sky and the same that the 4 or 5 men that they saw eventually would have been Mr. Chatellain's cows.

Or, we do not want to make remarks on the ridiculous of this situation, and its interpretations. Only a glance at the photographs that we publish here and the diagram and the explanations and testimonies of each of the witnesses leads one to believe that the "cows and storm lamp" version is only one of a state of mind.

Let us suppose that an experienced railroad man should confuse, comparable to the eye witnesses, that look into the sighting position and signal lamps should confuse the glare of a projector (floodlight) that blinks on red and white with that of a small storm lamp. Imagine! This could not happen, and 16