There does not appear to be a photograph in this document. However, the text provided can be transcribed as follows:

IVAN SANDERSON, and a well-documented article by Lonzo Dove entitled "Ha- #49 (Sept., 1962) - Contains a long and very important article by James Moseley's UPA investigation entitled "The Head of the Air Force UFO."
#50 (Dec., 1962) - Contains the first half of an interesting article by Tom Comella, called "The New English Flying Saucer Mystery." Also includes exclusive report on the recent saucer sightings in South America.
#21 (May, 1963) - Contains a special report on the above-mentioned article by Tom Comella, plus a wealth of recent saucer sightings from around the world.

THE MOSELEY MOORE STORY
By C. W. Fish

In the September 1962 issue of SAUCER NEWS, Mr. Moseley gave a long account of his interview with Lt. Comdr. J. L. Moser, a pilot for the Air Force's UFO investigation center at Wright-Patterson Field, Dayton, Ohio.
This article is believed to be an open and fair admission concerning the questions of attitudes, difficulties, and limitations of the official Air Force UFO investigation. It is the story told to Mr. Moseley by a responsible Air Force officer (name known to me) who made an important and apparently truthful statement during this interview concerning UFO sightings and the attitude of the Air Force toward them. He made these statements to friends and eventually on tape; and has since been transferred out of the UFO investigation against his wishes.
The fellow admitted in private that they were not at all sure what the objects were and would not say they were sure, yet publicly they were still claiming it was all nothing but hoaxes and misidentifications. The public statements about these wild claims were not borne out by the facts according to Mr. Moseley.
It is my purpose in this article to set the record straight. The name of the Air Force officer in this story is Capt. J. L. Moser. He appeared in the November 1959 issue of SAUCER NEWS (now out of print) Moser made a very close sighting of a UFO while driving his car along Route 68, near Xenia, Ohio. When he noticed what he at first took to be a high-flying jet, it suddenly shot straight up and out of sight.
Moser stopped, said Moseley (as quoted in one of the local newspapers): "The object stopped 15 feet off the ground, and then it speeded up and went straight up, and it kept going until I couldn't see it anymore." The star appeared brighter than anything I'd ever seen. As I got out to take a look, the thing seemed to be motionless. Moser watched the thing for some fifteen minutes before it just took off at tremendous speed and was gone. "I didn't hear any sound from it at all," Moser said. There was no a glow or trail left behind, "just a fast disappearance." Moser thinks he is one of the few persons who has actually seen a UFO at close quarters. He landed UFO when he stopped and decided that he would go back to his car and report the incident.