The image contains a Project Blue Book Air Intelligence Information Report. It does not appear to have any photographic images, only text.

Here is the text from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
DATE: 1 
LOCATION: CARMICHAEL, CALIFORNIA
AGENCY: UNIDENTIFIED

1. The opinion of the reporting officer is that the sighting was probably that of a natural phenomenon, possibly due to the following:
a. The thirty flight members were at all attitudes specified in it. Nordman's was very high, 20,000 feet. It is concluded that two or more aircraft were at various altitudes, which might account for the variable altitudes report.
b. Due to the capability of the radar on the Navy ships, it seems highly probable that the lights were not actual objects, but reflected light, possibly from the surface of the water, which would account for the variable altitude. There was no attempt made to turn on a landing light for a positive identification during the "fall out" phase of the observation.
Center chief, Scott AFB, Northern Area, Carmichael, California.

2. It is believed that due to the number of reliable witnesses reporting these sightings, they are of the same reliability. However, the timeframe precludes accurate analysis and positive identification as a known phenomenon.

TIME OF SIGHTING: 2247Z - 2315Z 
DATE OF SIGHTING: June 27

SHAPE: Apparent triangular
SIZE: 100 feet wide
LIGHTS: Two white in center, one red on left
ALTITUDE: 63,000 feet (average), 20,000 feet (minimum)
SPEED: 330 knots
SOUND: Jet engine noise

The above appears to be all the pertinent details of the sighting, except for the fact that the time of the sighting varied from 2245Z to 2315Z, an interval of 30 minutes, which may account for the variable altitude from 63,000 feet to 20,000 feet. The shape, size, and other details appear to be generally consistent throughout the observation.

In general, the track of the balloon launches at Vandenberg AFB is not available to this statement, with the fact that there were some lights on the balloon, and the fact that the USAF was an act over Cape Canaveral, except for the last paragraph.