This page contains a photograph of a comet. Here is the text extracted from the document:

---

GETTING ACQUAINTED WITH ASTRONOMY
COMETS – 1
AS OUR SUN drifts through space toward the constellation Hercules, it carries along an enormous cloud of comment, an envelope so extensive it reaches much of the way to the nearest star.

Practically none of the multitudes of objects making up this cloud resembles the traditional picture of comets. They do not have fuzzy comas or long tails. Instead, typical comets when far from the sun are relatively small solid objects. These are believed to be fluffy masses of frozen gases and ice mingled with some heavier materials, like loosely packed dirty snowballs miles in diameter. All of them are moving in more or less elongated paths around the sun.

Only when one of these snowballs penetrates into the inner parts of the planetary system does its appearance change. Solar heating evaporates its surface layers, forming a halo of gas and dust. As the comet approaches nearer to the sun, this shedding may proceed until we see that the small, bright nucleus is surrounded by a nebulous coma many thousands of miles across, with a tail millions of miles long pointing away from the sun. Then, as the comet recedes, the tail and coma shrink and vanish, leaving only the nucleus. Since the ejecta and dust have been permanently lost into interplanetary space, each time a comet passes near the sun its mass is depleted. On a cosmic time scale, it is a temporary body.

Of the vast host of comets in our solar system, only a very small fraction pass near enough to sun and Earth to become bright enough for detection. Since the dawn of history about 1,500 comets have been recorded with some certainty. The number is indefinite, partly because ancient writings often do not distinguish clearly between comets and novae.

During the present century, comets have been discovered at an average rate of five or six per year. One banner year was 1960, during which no fewer than 25 were under observation; eight previous comets, four new ones, nine returning periodic comets, and two "annual" comets (visible in all parts of their nearly circular orbits). Remarkably, observations of all 25 were obtained by Elizabeth Roemer with the U.S. Naval Observatory’s 40-inch telescope in Arizona.

Nearly every year two or more bright comets are first recognized by amateurs with small telescopes. However, most new ones are relatively faint objects, picked up accidentally in the course of observing programs with fast, wide-field photographic telescopes. Since 1946 a systematic visual search has been maintained at Skalnate Pleso Observatory in Czechoslovakia, with 25 to 30 binoculars. On the average, this highly successful program yields one comet per 500 hours of sweeping.😊As soon as a new comet is discovered (one is reported to the astronomical information centers at Harvard and Copenhagen observatories, it receives a provisional year-and-letter designation. Thus the first comet found in 1956, by the Japanese amateur Rev. Ikeya, became 1956a. This was detected last year on October 9th and calculated to lead and orbit. The comet picked up on its 11th return since H. d’Arrest discovered it in 1851.

Several years after discovery, those comets whose orbits are definitely known receive permanent Roman-numeral labels indicating the time order of their passage through perihelion. Thus 1956 I (initially called 1956a) was the first of the nine observed comets whose perihelion dates came that year.

After three or more accurate positions of a new comet have been measured at intervals of a few days, an approximate orbit can be computed. Normally three suffice, but not if the three points of the celestial sphere can be joined by a great circle. In this and certain other ambiguous cases, a fourth observation must be added.

Arend-Roland 1956h became one of the brightest comets in recent years. It was a conspicuous naked-eye feature in the evening spring sky of 1957. This photograph was taken on May 25 that year by a New York amateur astronomer, Charles Slabsm. At the time, he estimated the visual magnitude of 1956h as 3.5. This comet had an anomalous second tail pointing sunward, in the form of a long narrow spike, that was outstanding about April 25th, but less conspicuous when this picture was made.
 The visual appearance of many comets is suggested by this Naval Observatory photograph of 1956e (Burnham-Slaughter) on November 10, 1956, four months before perihelion. Stars are trailed because the 40-inch telescope was guided to follow the moving comet during the 63-minute-long exposure. The comet was then 223 million miles from the sun.