There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text from the document:

prompted by the RB-47 incident. The letter, originally classified, says: "This office
knows of no similar incident having this characteristics disclosed."

1. I have personally questioned several long-time Blint specialists, including a former
chief, and they unanimously stated that such equipment has been designed and built invisible for having developed the airborne CPS-6B radar mimic. It is nearly 20 years ago
that development of it was estimated, and it is constantly being researched, yet none of the blint specialists have ever heard of such equipment.

2. A foreign aircraft -- one more modern and jet aircraft controlled -- had jet aircraft
that of an RB-47. If either country had such equipment, it could hardly conceal the
equipment against U.S. air defense, such as in Laos, Mexico, or the international waters
of U.S. air space, without risking a grave international incident by penetration.

3. If either country had built the equipment for the purpose of spoofing, or "playing games," the fact that it is suitable for being carried aboard aircraft would have been
admitted in some quarters long ago. But no one in any quarters has ever admitted it.

An extra-terrestrial (E-T) spacecraft: Inasmuch as the signal had all of the
characteristics of a CPS-6B/FPS-10 I.F.F. radar, it seems certain that the equipment was spesignal having gone to so much trouble, as it would seem logical for the E-T's to
utilize existing electronic equipment rather than to construct a new radar mimic. The latter
shows.

If the E-T went to the trouble of building a CPS-6B type radar and transporting
it all the way to Earth for the capricious purpose of playing games with the crew
of an airliner, then clearly, the mission was one of a deception character -- a distracting
performance, if you will, to divert attention from the true purpose. Then the appearance
of the RB-47 -- among all of those aloft around the Earth on July 17, 1957, as an unidentified aircraft --

CONCLUSIONS:
The analyst believes that the B-hand signal with all of the characteristics of
a CPS-6B/FPS-10 radar actually came from radars of this type as used and Duncan-ville.
The signal bearings reported by pilots, based on figures furnished, located down by
an identifiable ground station.