The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a scanned document that appears to be part of a Project Blue Book UFO report.

The text in the document is as follows:

"December 2, 1957

Dr. George Whipple
Astrophysical Observatory
Cambridge 38, Mass.

Dear Dr. Whipple:

Recently I made a fireball survey which revealed a situation that is frightening and I think perhaps you are the man who can do something about it.

On October 10, 1957, I was pilot of Lt. Commander Keyhoe, USNR, when we made a search for the reported sighting near Seix Flags over Texas. Just before reaching Seix Flags, we sighted a large fireball over Salt Lake City, which was much brighter than the one he had seen. It appeared to be rapidly descending. I proceeded to chase it and measured its speed at over 3,000 mph. It went to the ground northeast of Salt Lake City, within 30 miles. I immediately reported this to control tower and the Air Force. There were many sightings of this fireball as it was widely separated points but the north American Aerospace Command did not seem to know anything about it.
I suppose they worked on the theory that if it did hit the ground there would be no trace and so there was no point in investigating. I do not know why the Air Force and the military hid this object from the public. But I do know that my observation of its tremendous speed and its flight path strongly suggest that this was no meteor. Pilots all over the United States are doing their utmost to report anything unusual in the sky and yet we seem to meet with only apathy and ridicule.
The point is my survey has revealed that there were many hundreds of reports of these fireballs seen all over the country on that night and some on other nights too. The pattern of their behavior suggests they may be a reality a secret American or Russian missile program that we have never heard of.
I am certain that these are not meteors or comets and I am getting more concerned. There were over 10 major observations in the Midwest alone that night, extending over several hundred miles, and the characteristics were far too consistent and far too rapid for meteors.
I feel this is a matter of great urgency and I would like to know if you can do anything further to investigate this situation and perhaps you may be able to enlist other observatories in this work. If these objects are controlled as I very much suspect, then heaven help us, for they are obviously far in advance of our own programs.
I should be very grateful if you would let me know if you can do anything in this direction.

Yours sincerely,

FRANK HALSTEAD
BOX 426, SEDONA, ARIZONA"