The shared image does not contain any photographs, only text. Proceeding to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

SECTION V

Psychological Aspects

Reasoning ability, degree of susceptibility to suggestion, and general mental attitude are vital factors in identifying and reporting flying objects. Failure to note details accurately and a tendency to overdraw descriptions of sightings can result in failure to identify. An over-creative imagination, coupled with physiological strain, can transform unfamiliar meteorological or astronomical phenomena and light observations into unidentified flying objects.

Perception and feeling are closely related and can have a marked effect upon understanding. Mediation in many instances determines how we interpret what we see, and expectancy can induce manifestations which are indirectly related to actual physical phenomena or objects. The separation of what may be observed through the senses from what is known through thought or intuition is difficult. However, an objective attitude, which permits assessment of observed characteristics, rather than suppositions or theories, will assist the observer in avoiding distorted descriptions.

It has been suggested that the world each of us knows is a world created in large measure from our experience in dealing with our environment. When two points of light, one brighter than the other, are placed in such a distance from an observer that they appear the same bright, the dimmer light, if one eye is closed and the observer remains motionless, the direction from the observer as well as a difference in brightness, will readily be an apparent variance in distance. Should two equally bright lights be placed near the floor, one above the other, the upper light will appear to be at a greater distance from the observer than the lower one. Conversely, when the lights are placed near the ceiling or the floor, the lower light will appear nearer the observer.

When two partially inflated balloons are illuminated indirectly and fastened in positions about one foot apart, where their relative brightness and inflation can be controlled, the observer will experience a variety of reactions as to what he saw.

If the brightness and size of the two balloons remain the same and the observer views them with one eye at a distance of approximately five feet, the two balloons will appear in their relative position. If the relative sizes are changed and the brightness remains the same, the larger balloon usually appears nearer. When positions are changed, the larger balloon usually appears nearer.

27