The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document providing guidelines for reporting unidentified flying objects, containing various details and characteristics to consider when describing such sightings, such as size, sound, color, speed, shape, and angular velocity. The text is formatted with numbered items and provides specific instructions for the type of information to include in reports.

(7) other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.
(8) Interception or identification action taken.
(9) Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs.
While the above format should be used in reporting unidentified flying objects, there are other details which are helpful to the observer in identifying the flying object, or in reporting its characteristics.
These include:
(1) Relation of the size of the object to the size of the moon or the sun.
(2) Various types of sound, such as rumbling, whining, humming, swishing, explosive, or jet or rocket-type sound.
(3) Color may be described in terms of the color spectrum, with additional details to indicate metallic or luminous characteristics.
(4) Speed may range from a stationary or hovering position to 100 to 400 miles an hour, or to a speed similar to that of a meteor.
(5) Shape may vary from that of a conventional aircraft to that of a disc-shaped, cigar-shaped, propeller-shaped, conical, rocket-like, meteor-like, or having the characteristics of balls of flame or fire.
(6) Light brightness may be described in terms of dullness or brilliance, by comparison to moonlight, or to the reflection of sunlight on various metals, such as aluminum, or a mirror, or on dull surfaces such as stone or plaster.
(7) The degree of brightness may be related to the apparent distance of the object.
(8) Angular velocity, that is, speed measured in degrees, may vary from zero through very slow, slow, moderate, rapid, very fast, extremely fast (90 degrees per second) to more than 90 degrees per second.
(9) Angular acceleration, or change in angular velocity, may increase or decrease slowly, fast, or very fast.