There are no photographs present on the page.

Here is the text transcribed:

---

THE KEARNEY INCIDENT               33

fascinated me was the way the occupants would glide instead of walk across the floor when they stepped back from the instrument panels! Although it worked like an escalator, I couldn't see anything move, and when I tried it, it didn't work for me. I wondered if they had something special on their shoes. 

All of the occupants of the ship greeted me and bid me farewell on leaving, they said, "We will see you again." (Little did I realize that they meant what they said!)  Other than that, the one man did all the talking. And by the way, this man looked and talked just like a man that was watching TV with me in the hotel lobby the night before. On the ship he said, "Tell your people we know that they have seen this ship before and they will see it again." 

He also asked me if I knew anything about the U.S. satellite program. I said I did not. Then he said, "Yes, they're planning to send some up, but the first two will never leave the ground and the third one will go up, but won't send back much data." 

This prophecy has since proved itself.

They all spoke to me in the English language with what seemed to me to be a German accent. Among themselves they talked high German which I could understand as I graduated from a school where they spoke and taught German as well as English, and I was able to speak, read and write German at that time. I can still understand it and speak it fairly well.

After being inside the ship about 30 minutes, one man said to the other, "Wir sind fertig.” Translated, this means, "We are finished." So the leader told me, "You will have to leave now." I was glad to hear this, for I wondered if I would ever get off that ship again. 

When I stepped off the stairs onto the ground the motor started. It sounded like a large electrical motor to me, and the more momentum it picked up, the quieter it got. It ran for about twelve seconds and then the ship took off straight up into the air. Approximately twelve feet off the ground the entire ship turned a pitch black; when it was about one hundred feet in the air it turned to a bluish green. Then it headed southwest - there was a brilliant flash - and the ship disappeared before my very eyes! I estimated the ceiling of the clouds that day to be only about eight hundred feet, but the ship disappeared long before it hit the ceiling - I judged at about one hundred fifty feet from the ground. It was reported to me later by a county official that it had stalled a tractor, two cars and a large truck that were beneath its path.

While aboard the ship I was told not to start my car until they were out of sight as it wouldn't start anyway. This was the first time I knew that the ship had stopped my automobile. After the ship disappeared (about 3:15 P.M.) I went back to my car - now it started - I turned it around and started for Kearney.

Then the impact of the experience really hit me, and I was so shaken I had to stop the car and pull myself together.

I debated whether to report my experience or not. I was afraid if the report of the ship got out, people wouldn't believe it and I might lose my job. Then I remembered hearing over radio and TV that the government wanted skywatchers and that they were to report any unidentified objects in the skies. I realized then it was really my duty as a citizen to report the ship. In fact, my own idea at the time was that this was a Russian ship manned by German

