The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document describing a UFO sighting incident that occurred in Palm Springs, California on August 23, 1957.

Text from the document:

NO CASE (Information Only)

23 August 1957

On the evening of 23 August 1957, at about 8:45 p.m., near Whittier, California, witnesses reported watching a remarkable display of UFOs. Among the witnesses was Mr. Frank A. Little, who related the details of what he had observed.

According to Mr. Little, he and his wife were in the back yard of their home early in the evening, when his wife told her mother "There are two eyes looking at me from the sky!" Mrs. Little went on to explain that she had seen two bright, round objects in the sky. Directly behind them were two jets, recognizable by their exhaust trails.

The time was about 8:45 p.m. Thinking there was a chance that the UFOs might return, Mr. Little returned to the house and got his binoculars. Upon returning, a brilliant, shiny object, about a 60-minute objective or size, was observed. Mr. Little pointed up: "Here come the suckers up there, Mr. Little," and the object began approaching slowly from the southeast. Someone else called out: "Look straight up - there's a whole fleet of them!" Actually, several objects were visible near the zenith, some traveling in a circular motion around the zenith; this continued for about five minutes.

The six objects were grouped in pairs: two to the east of the zenith, two to the west, and the remaining two to the south. Although they were hovering, a motion apparently intended to maintain their relative positions, all six objects then began revolving in a circular motion around the zenith. This continued for about five minutes. As the objects revolved, they emitted a bluish-white light which illuminated the surrounding area. At one point, the light was so bright that it blinded the observers temporarily, and the objects were no longer visible.

When the objects finally began moving away, they did so at a moderately slow speed - two made a right angle to the east, the other four moved to the north as a group. Mr. Little estimated their speed to be about 200-400 mph. After they had gone, when the observers saw the color change from a silver to a red, then orange, glow. The color change began at the base of the "mushroom-shaped" top. The light at the top of the upper structure "flashed" as they departed.

At this point, the disc-centered on the cross hairs of the telescope at the time-mentioned previously. Looking up, Mr. Little saw that it had vanished entirely from view. The rest of the observers confirmed that ALL of the objects had disappeared with a slight dimming of the light, some 15 to 20 seconds before they were out of sight. (Comment: No photograph).

While the objects were visible, the serial number 65-15556 was seen on the side of one of them - it was plainly visible and easily read. This, however, elicited no "no comment" reply.