The image appears to contain a photograph or illustration of a UFO sighting report from Project Blue Book. The report is titled "STATEMENT" and describes an observation that occurred on December 12, 1957 near Chitose, Hokkaido, Japan. The report includes a detailed description of the sighting, including the date, time, location, and visual observations of the object. There is also a sketch or illustration showing the appearance of the observed object.

STATEMENT

Statement Concerning the UFO sighted by this station (Plutchot-A)
Times: Approximately 17:45-18:59 I with personnel visual sighting at 
1800 I or 0002.
Date: 12 December 1957.
Chitose Craft reported Officer Evening shift 16:30 Lt. Wright
was called outside by one of the airmen to observe a very bright light
in the southwest. At this time the object was still visible. It appeared
to be rounded (circular) in shape, glowing reddish-orange in color, and had already moved
into a range of ninety (90) miles in this short time. I next estimated
the speed of the object to be between 600 and 650 knots. For the remainder of the time we carried the object at approximately 550 knots
while it seemed to be pulling its altitude slowly up or down.
At 17:45 I was able to get outside operations to view the object.
At first visual sighting I judged the object to be the size of this station. 
I did not get the immediate impression that the object was a star for the following reasons: (1) It seemed too close, (2) To size-specified,
(3) It looked much like a round auto headlamp in the distance, (4) 
The object seemed to have a very distinct 750 mph tendency to remain quite 
distinct to the eye. At first, with the naked eye, I estimated the object
appeared to be roughly 450 miles away. It was just above a red light on a distant mountain Southwest of this station. Immediately the object seemed to move forward to more or less the same spot. From the different 
times I assure myself of this movement. At a later time the object
seemed to move in the opposite direction (Westward) until it finally faded
from view of other observers. I think that the object's flight pattern
rather than up from below the object will verify this above.
The following:
Glowing White Body - Reddish-Orange (Flames-like) emission emitted from the rear of the object as it moved.
The white body and yellow arms (2) were reddish-orange glow from the emission of the object seemed to flash more distinct in shape and color.
The reddish-orange (flame-like) emission from the rear of the object seemed to
be U cLt^iiied