The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed report or document from the "Project Blue Book" UFO investigation program.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:
NEAR MISS AIR FORCE MISSING UFO MOVIE FRAMES
AS a result of recent television sightings, Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Director of the University of Arizona's Institute of Astronomy, has announced that the University of Arizona will investigate UFO reports. "More than 20 sightings have been reported to Dr. Hynek, and he believes the University will conduct the investigation."
NICAP has asked for the release of Air Force film on UFO sightings. In a letter dated 20-2, NICAP has asked for the release of earlier film on UFO sightings. The Air Force has not as yet released these films. Earlier were Air Force spokesamen that now claim more than 20 films to be examined, "unaware" that the films were in their possession.
NICAP was told earlier that no films on UFO's were in Air Force possession.
In a letter from the Air Force to Captain Schaller, Carswell AFB, the film was the best he had ever seen. This acknowledgement from the Air Force seems to confirm the existance of UFO films, which they have denied having in their possession. 
The facts are as follows:
On December 6, 1957, at about 3 p.m. an unidentified flying object was sighted near Englewood, Ohio. The object, about the size and a half of the full moon, was observed for 10 to 15 minutes. It appeared to have a double elliptical shell and emitted a bluish-green glow. NICAP members interviewed eyewitnesses, whose descriptions were consistent.
NICAP again points out that increased publicity, even for near-miss cases, can prevent immediate publication of most reports. Some reports cannot be investigated for months. They have turned in to NICAP individuals reporting UFO evidence for examination. NICAP will welcome membership applications from interested persons. NICAP has written a letter requesting exemption from CICA on grounds that their activities are for the public good.
NO NICAP AGENTS
Complaints reaching NICAP indicate that some people are falsely claiming to be NICAP representatives or members when soliciting their own copies of NICAP publications. NICAP has no agents selling its material. All NICAP representatives act in a volunteer capacity. No individuals or groups have been authorized by NICAP to make solicitations. This of course does not apply to the legitimate promotion of NICAP by authorized representatives.
THANKS to the many members sending clippings of UFO sightings to the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena. This assistance is appreciated, and helps to provide the latest information on UFO activity.
MEMBER IDEAS ON PROMOTION
NICAP welcomes suggestions for improving the Bulletin and introducing new membership services. NICAP is anxious to obtain suggestions for contacting individuals and organizations potentially interested in the UFO problem. All ideas on this score will receive prompt attention.