There is no photograph present on the page.

---

```
ACCI 000.72                               11 December 1957
SUBJECT: Report on Unidentified Flying Object

c. Angle of elevation and azimuth of object upon disappearance:
Last seen at 14,000 feet; object faded away to right at 330° very rapidly.

d. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object: Moved up and down 50 to 100 feet; approximately one time each minute.

e. Manner of disappearance of object: Faded out.

f. Length of time in sight: Approximately seven minutes.

3. Manner of observation:

a. Observed from aircraft.

b. Statement as to optical aids used and description thereof: None.

c. If the sighting is made while airborne, give type aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station:
526187, 8,000 feet, heading 240° at 150 MPH, Home Station: Fort Rucker, Alabama.

4. Time of sighting:

a. Hour and date of sighting: 1958 hours to 2005 hours, 9 December 1957.

b. Light conditions: Night.

5. Location of observer: First observed while Observer was flying over Dothan, Alabama headed 240°.

6. Identifying information on all observers:

a. Civilian: N/A

b. Military: Norman W. Goodwin, Major, United States Army Aviation School, Chief, Plans Division, and Captain George E. Thayer, Executive Officer, Office of the Director of Instruction; Estimate of Reliability: A. 

7. Any other unusual activity or condition meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting: None.

8. Location of any air traffic in the area at time of sighting:
Helicopter in flight over Ozark.

9. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible causes of the sighting: Captain Marion E. Hall, Assistant Chief of Staff, G2, United States Army Aviation Center, Fort Rucker, Alabama. It is the opinion of the preparing officer that the object was a light of an aircraft flying in the vicinity of Rucker Field. This possibly have been exhaust of aircraft.


                                        /s/ Marion E. Good
                                               Captain, Infantry
                                               R, chief A.S. G-2
```