The image does not contain any photographs. It is a typed document page from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of UFO reports.

The text of the document is as follows:

1. LEVELLAND REPORT 2 November 1957 (UNCLASSIFIED)
a. A series of observations were made, those shapes were described variously as ranging from round to oval, and was luminous, white-in-color, in color, in several instances, and estimated to be 40-50 feet in length. This object was first observed from 2300 hours to after 0130 hours, 3 November 1957. The size of the object was estimated from that of a basketball to that of an object 200 feet in length.
b. The unusual incident of this incident was the statement by a number of observers that their car's ignition stopped completely during the observation.
c. In a matter of hours this incident was given nation-wide publicity by the nation's press, radio and TV networks. For the next 72 hours, ATIC and Headquarters USAF were deluged with a flood of UFO reports, which added to their normal case load in an manner not clearly understood, claiming to have encountered a somewhat similar phenomena.
d. Extensive investigations conducted by the Air Force revealed that while there were some reports of a "blue light" described as having stopped in the sky, the reports were from persons of varying degrees of reliability, and that the "blue light" as described, was not proven to be a single definable object. The reports were from persons of varying reliability, and the "blue light" as described, was not proven to be a single definable object. The reports were characterized as possibly containing some standing in their own right, however, supporting the object to these incidents, insisting that the "blue light" stopped their car engines. Other reports of similar phenomena were found to be generally unreliable.
e. Extensive investigating procedures immediately after the incident revealed that the object, variously described, had no apparent recognizable explanation. It was pitch dark, rain and wind was falling, a very low ceiling existed, light conditions were extremely poor and the sightings took place in a very isolated area. Based on interviews and statements obtained from witnesses, it appeared that the sightings represented honest attempts to describe what was actually observed, though not all reports could be considered reliable, particularly in view of the poor light conditions during the investigations.
f. After extensive studies and analyses by the Air Force, and in full collaboration with outside scientists and experts, it appears reasonable to conclude that the lighted object seen on the road near Levelland was the result of a relatively rare atmospheric phenomenon, possibly electrostatic, which could account for the reported effects on the automobile ignition systems. (All agreed that the combination of conditions existing at the time were definitely conducive to the formation of some type of atmospheric electrical disturbance, and that this was the most probable explanation further confirmed the conclusion.)