The given image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document page from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to study unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

Mr. ______ were all questioned individually, and they all confirmed this report.

Examination of the site of substance on the highway

At the site that had been indicated by the witnesses, we examined the previously described pieces of matter. They appeared to be similar to stretched pieces of tar on the highway, but they did not contain any gravel in contrast to this that was on the highway, and they did seem from the highway, and were definitely not part of a piece that had been worked on as the highway in this section was in good condition.

We did try to use a knife and remove some of this, but it adhered to the highway and to the knife and to our fingers and was very difficult to remove. It did not smell like tar and rather gave an odor that was even worse than tar. However, the latter did not seem to small like cow dung as was previously stated.

We lifted some of the particles of the highway that also seemed to smell like the characteristic tar odor.

At some hundred meters of the latter, in front of a monument for dead, we removed some of the highway that had been patched, and it seemed to be similar to the mysterious substance that we had encountered although it did not smell like the latter.

We subjected these three pieces to the flame of a bunsen burner and the repair piece of the highway gave off the well-known odor of hot tar, and the two other pieces, although they were equally subjected to the flame gave off no recognizable odor with the exception of one that slightly resembled glue or wax.

Those pieces are presently still being analyzed but the experts to whom we submitted these pieces for examination have informed us that the mysterious substance is not tar, but asphalt and the crackling that was produced during the subjection to the flame was probably due to some form of hydration, be it