The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force investigation of UFO reports.

NO CASE (Information Only)                          18 December 1957
Mrs. Marcos:

TALE OF TWO DISCST
Do you remember what happened when Reverend Mr. Macellist, a scoutmaster who lived at a strange adventure with a UFOAP in 1955? He told a news reporter in a report on UFOs, "One day we saw the thing that changed history", but you admit that you cannot recollect all details. Some of them were very strange indeed and distorted, and changed the view that you had before by observations of the aerial phenomenon. According to the account, the reverend was pursuing an unknown object which had hovered low over vegetation on the hillside, discovering later that it had been carrying out some unspecified mission. 
The whole story is worth careful consideration. The object was said to have made a landing, according to the reverend, and some sort of activity transpired which was observed by other witnesses besides himself. The object was apparently under intelligent control, masking itself at times, and then suddenly reappearing. This report was passed on to official and unofficial investigators as a matter of serious import. The whole case is regarded as potentially more spectacular than some on record.

This issue is no longer important. The important thing is considering this possible hoax or case is in reality a good example of how difficult it is to determine authenticity when dealing with a subject of this nature. We cannot assert categorically that there is no truth whatever in the story, but to the casual reader it seems improbable, contrived, and even fantastic in some parts. Nonetheless, the story was told by a person who presumably had no motive for gross fabrication. The details are quite specific, and could be verified or disproved by further inquiry. At this stage the document is worthless for practical purposes - perhaps it is best to file it away, and turn attention elsewhere.

Arriving at Carimba, I contacted the authorities on the phenomenon that they knew about the flying discs. They said they had nothing to report and did not wish to make any statement. At that time I insisted on going to the farms. How I guessed right was later verified. About two leagues away, in the Camp of Mr. Joao Camargo, Derson (or some such name), Antonio Camargo, two farmers, spoke to me, saying they had seen the thing. They described the object as dark gray in color, without lighting, and the immense size (approximately 50 feet in diameter). They reported the weather, and the immense trail from a great distance. I could see the exact spot where the thing was supposed to have landed. Mrs. Dersen, wife of Mr. Marcellino DanIle, local farmer, had seen a great circle imprinted in the field. People in the lower part of the great structure shined. Intensely I called Mrs. Bonilla, but she was not at home. However, according to a few people who were of opinion that they could identify the thing that had hovered low over the hill and gone away, leaving a trail of disturbance and evidence behind.

All the pieces where the 415 meters (about 160 feet) had dropped (about 50 feet) The width of the strip forming the ring was half a meter (about 20 inches). On the north side of the place there was some moss green line left in the grass. The thing had hovered in the slope of the hill so that there is a difference in the colouring and texture of the damaged grass. The fact that the ring formed and the evidence of heating in the grass, indicates something of an appreciable weight and a controlled descent and ascent. The report states that the object was grey in colour, about 50 feet in diameter, without any lights showing, and the weather was clear and the sighting was made by more than one witness. This case, while not spectacular, does seem to contain some elements of possible substance, and might repay further discreet investigation if opportunity offered. At the moment, however, the document must be filed away, with the notation that it is a potentially interesting case, but lacks the validation that would justify any active pursuit at the present time.