The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

AFR 200-2
6-7

Action. These actions may be taken if appropriate and within the scope of existing air defense regulations.

a. Contact with local aircraft control and warning (AC&W) units, ground observation corps (GOC) posts and filter centers, police and private citizens, and any other persons or organizations which may have factual data bearing on the sighting, for the purpose of securing evidence, electronic or otherwise. 

b. Consultation with military or civilian weather forecasters to obtain data on: Tracks of meteorological balloons released in the area. Unusual meteorological activity which may have bearing on the UFOB.

c. Consultation with astronomers to determine whether any astronomical body or phenomenon would account for or have a bearing on the observation. 

d. Contact with military and civilian tower operators, air traffic controllers, and so forth, to determine whether the sighting could be the result of misidentification of known aircraft.

e. Contact with persons who might have knowledge of experimental aircraft, jet fighters, and so forth, in the area.

The Air Force Air Defense Command has a direct interest in the facts pertaining to UFOB's reported within the 4602d Air Intelligence Service Squadron (4602d AISS) jurisdiction. The 4602d AISS is assigned the capability to investigate the reported sighting. The results of the field collection and investigation of matters of air intelligence interest which cannot be solved within the jurisdiction of the 4602d AISS is highly important throughout the ZI as follows: 

(1) Inside ZI reports will be submitted through command channels to the 4602d AISS, headquarters is located at Peterson Field, Colorado, adjacent to Headquarters, Air Defense Command. 

(2) Outside ZI reports will be submitted directly to Director of Intelligence, Headquarters USAF, Washington 25, D.C.

b. Short Title: "UFOB" will appear at the beginning of the text of electrical messages and in the subject of written reports.

c. Negative Data: The word "negative" will be used to indicate that the investigation disclosed no evidence of a UFOB.