The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
FOR INTERNAL USE WITHIN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ONLY

THREE NON-IDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS LAND IN FRANCE.

At Vins-Sur-Garamy (Var), Palalde (Pyr-Or) and Beaucourt-Sur-Ancre (Somne) three unidentified flying objects were observed from the ground,eleven eye witnesses verified the throuth of this statement. The physical phenomena that were also concerned the important elements of the investigation that was carried out by C.I.E. and the Bureau of O.V.N.I. (U.F.O.).

Last March we announced the continuation of the proposal that was announced in 1957. 
This took place in a spectacular manner and the apparition of "non-identified flying objects" (see the last issue of Ouranos( we did not think that the events would take place again and again. On April 14 and then again on the 22nd of April and the last of these events took place on May 10. We were asked to investigate and confirm these events on the basis of the facts that were thought to be the most significant amongst those that we had amassed up to this time.

The press has been the mirror of these facts of which the first event that occurred at Vins and then at Palalde and the last at Beaucourt supplied the material.
We were in direct contact with the eye witnesses,police departments,aeronautical services and the press and reporters. All of the latter were also informed of our interest in all available data.

The narrations that were published by the different newspapers,each was able to be confirmed, presented important differences on the essential points that naturally made the technical investigation indispensable. What was necessary to complete this investigation or how long it would take was immaterial.

The first results of these investigations have been studied by the Committee of Investigation of C.I.E. Ouranos in the course of the last two meetings. Examinations and analysis are now being pursued.
There without confirming nothing we publish and present, in their chronological order the first reports that are related to the three events.