There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

But this is all at least one hour later than the event that is presently under investigation and then he said that his wife went to bed at 11:30 (this does seem possible because most farmers do go to bed early !). And then the next day in front of the Municipal council he pretended that he was the one that went out towards the above mentioned hours and he had his tractor with him (this seems a little less believable !)

When at last we asked him for his unbiased opinion he seemed a little embarrassed and he then revoked all that he had said in the police station and which is almost impossible to adhere. We know that is deals with a certain principal ,.... after all the Mayor's signature is at stake ! But the meeting did not seem to bother him and he did mention the fact that the witnesses that were involved were "honest people" and at no time did he try and create a feeling of distrust towards them and at no time did he become worried over their condition. 

We therefore absolve Mr. with the conviction that he was the first to deplore his statements and that they were perhaps a bit premature nor that he tried to make a fuss over the official version of facts that were jointly inscribed in the case by six of the most respected and most dignified inhabitants of the community, amongst which one of these was the Municipal Council.

Three days after these events Mr. moreover stated that one of his administrators,Mr. Laine, had made some very different statements and had also remarked that "In any case there must be something to all of this ..."

The witnesses are very trustworthy people.

We pursued pur investigation all over the country side and we realized that not one individual doubted the sincerity and the statements that had been made by the witnesses. On a whole all of the Beaucourtiens are open and sincere,logical and calm and obejective people. And they never pretended to know more than they really knew.

The Chief of the police station of Beaucourt-Hamel that had not been alerted or warned of the event on that famous evening yet when we posed the problem of the matter to him he voluntarily responded "They have surely seen something !".