The image appears to contain a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force investigation of UFO sightings. The document is an "Air Intelligence Information Report" dated 17 February 1957, describing a UFO sighting that occurred on 7 February 1957 near Las Cruces Air Force Station in New Mexico.

The text of the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
SUBJECT: UFOB
AREA: Las Cruces, New Mexico
DATE OF REPORT: 12 February 1957
DATE OF INFORMATION: 7 February 1957
FROM (AGENCY): Stations and fighter aircraft
SOURCE: Stations and fighter aircraft
SUMMARY: (See Part II, Extracts from Report.)
1. The following UFOB Report is submitted in narrative form rather than using AF Form 112 as the report of this particular incident and sighting has already been submitted.
2. On 7 February 1957, between 1620Z and 1622Z, the 6585th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron, Las Cruces Air Force Station, New Mexico, carried out a successful intercept of two unidentified aircraft at an indicated airspeed of 1000 mph. The two aircraft appeared to maneuver as a mated pair, exhibiting erratic flight paths, sudden accelerations and decelerations, and performance characteristics beyond the capabilities of known aircraft. Initial sighting of the two objects was confirmed by two separate and distinct radar systems at the Las Cruces Air Force Station, and the sighting was further confirmed by visual observation by the Air Defense Direction Officer and a crew of a T-33 interceptor aircraft vectored to the site of the sighting.
3. Considered factors: There are known cases of anomalous radar presentations of no airborne objects which are caused by temperature inversions, meteor echoes, and other natural phenomena which can cause erratic and fast moving radar targets. However, the visual confirmation of the sighting by the Air Defense Direction Officer and the crew of the T-33 interceptor precludes the possibility of this sighting being a natural radar phenomenon. Subsequent investigation has revealed no evidence to indicate this sighting was a test or exercise involving known aircraft.
4. Visibility at the time of the sighting was good, with no cloud cover. The targets maintained an indicated airspeed of approximately 1000 mph and appeared to maneuver as a mated pair, at times exhibiting erratic, sudden accelerations and decelerations, and performance characteristics beyond the capabilities of known aircraft.
5. The opinion of the observer is that they were caused by temperature inversions.
6. It is the conclusion of this investigation that the targets were real and definite, and not caused by natural phenomena. The targets exhibited flight characteristics of extreme speed and maneuverability, indicating a high degree of technological development and control beyond the present state of the art of known aircraft.
7. It is the conclusion of this investigation that due to secrecy and security surrounding unidentified and definitive phenomena, complete data on the nature, origin, and purpose of the objects is not available for complete analysis.

UNCLASSIFIED