The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a scanned document or report from Project Blue Book, discussing a UFO sighting in Milroy, Indiana on 11/4/57.

The full text of the document is as follows:

Just to get the record straight on what we actually seen. As my wife and I were driving through Milroy, Indiana we did see something in the sky that attracted our attention. We are in no way indicating that it was a flying saucer or anything of that nature. We saw something traveling at a high rate of speed and in a certain direction that was very unusual. It did not make any sound and was just as it says described to you. 

Here is what actually happened. My wife and I sacked by coming in the back yard just as it was getting dark. Something caught our eye and we both looked up and saw this object traveling at a very high rate of speed and very low to the ground. It was traveling in an east-west direction just across the road from where we were standing and as it crossed the road it seemed to disappear. By the time we turned around to look at it, it had gone. Its size would be hard to guess, but in looking at it, it seemed to be quite large. It appeared to be cigar or bullet shaped and had lights on the leading edge that seemed to be going toward the rear. The size of the object was hard to determine, but it was traveling so fast you could hardly make a description of it.

The size of the object was perhaps 50 or more times the size of a basketball and as far as length goes it would be comparable to the size of a car. The distance of the object from us was rather hard to determine, but to the best of our judgement it was perhaps 800 to 1000 yards. It travelled more than half way across the horizon in just a matter of seconds.

By the way, I have had two phone calls from other people in this area stating they also had seen the same thing and at about the same time. One person was an 18 year old boy  and haven't had a chance to talk to them personally yet but some people more or less saw the same thing.

Signed