The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a report document, possibly related to Project Blue Book, discussing radar observations and the behavior of an object detected by radar.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

Because the PPI of the ALA-6 display corresponds to a bearing of 175° of the aircraft indicator, this indícates the azimuth of the aircraft was 175°. If the radar was dead-ahead of the aircraft, then the radar would be astern of the airplane, on its right-hand side.

As the aircraft files along, unless the radar is dead-ahead or astern, the radar set scanning cone is moving in a circle around the aircraft. If the airplane is turning toward the radar, then the bearing will move.

As the RB-47 approached the coast in the predawn hours of July 17, 1957, the scope pictures decided to change out his equipment. Beginning at the high end of the APR-9 frequency range (5,000 me), he found an alarming signal on the radar, one of several models then in use. (A slightly later version of the RB-47 aircraft was the ANF/PS-10, with identical signal characteristics.)

It is important to note that McClure did not write down the precise frequency of the S-band signal so we are not certain of the precise frequency of the S-band signal line incident.

The S-band signal even showed that the source was a scanning C-band radar. This is manifested by the brief appearance, then disappearance, of the signal bearing display on the airplane's B-scan indicator. As the antenna rotates to where it no longer illuminates the airplane, the signal disappears.

McClure was not surprised to see a signal with the characteristics described to me, for such a radar was installed near Mirlox, near the RB-47 position. Signals from this radar were also monitored with an APN force in the vicinity.

The signal was "mighty strong," according to McClure, as would be expected if it came from the 630-68 radar. However, the ALA-6 showed the radar to be on the RIGHT-HAND SIDE of the RB-47, not roughly the FRONT as would be expected from the Mirlox radar. McClure knew there were no such shipboard radars.

As the RB-47 continued toward Victorville, McClure noted another anomalous characteristic. Instead of the displayed bearing moving down-scope, it moved up-scope. McClure knew that such behavior could occur if the airplane were in a climbing maneuver. (This would confirm the fact that the incident happened near the coast rather than at Healdton.)