The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a "Detailed Analysis of Edwards AFB Base UFO Sighting - 2 May 57".

The text in the report is as follows:

SUBJECT: Detailed Analysis of Edwards AFB Base UFO Sighting - 2 May 57
a. Length: A simple demonstration will quickly indicate that a baseball, when its length is seen in a front of one's eyes at this distance, will cover almost half of the visible sky, and would be an indication that the object observed would be tremendous in size, if an actual object.
b. Belief in "Flying Saucers":
(1) One observer has given strong indications that he is a believer in the so-called "flying saucers".
(2) Stated that he observed a "disc" almost half the size of a football field hanging over a house for twenty minutes. Time and place was Rosemead, California, 0930 p.m. in January '50. The object did not make a sound while within vision.
(3) No comment is considered necessary regarding an object that size over a small town for almost half hour and not being seen by any other persons or aircraft, or by radar that seems to view 24 hours a day.
(4) The observers were specialists in a field of photography. It should therefore be apparent to them that even a previously known object would be difficult to estimate as being 60 miles, much less it appearing on a relatively distant small, distant object. The photographic equipment used would not have been capable of determining that distance with the equipment used.
5. Conclusions: Therefore, on the basis of the above, and particularly in consideration of the factual data presented, which clearly indicates an object other than the balloon sighted, was observed for only a few minutes prior to the sighting.
6. This Center considers it unfortunate that its knowledge of this incident was withheld. It was brought to both the public and press attention days before, and proved that a denial or explanation is never given the same publicity or attention as the original story.

The text in the image appears to be a detailed analysis of a UFO sighting at Edwards AFB on May 2, 1957, as part of Project Blue Book.