The image contains a photograph of a star chart or celestial map, which appears to be related to the planet Venus. There is no human face or identification visible in the image.

Venus, the only planet now visible in the evening, is a brilliant object in the sky and will soon be joined by the constellations. The chart shows the position of Venus and various other celestial objects and constellations in the night sky.

Outputting the text found in the document:

VENUS MOST PROMINENT

Venus, the only planet now visible' in the evening, is a brilliant object in the sky and will soon be joined by the constellations. *

By JAMES STOKLEY

This planet, which is gradually becoming more prominent each evening as darkness falls, offers an interesting study to the stargazer. What can be seen in the planet Venus, and how can it be observed to the best advantage?

Venus is far brighter than any other star in the evening sky at this time. In fact, it is so brilliant that many persons are puzzled about it, and wonder what it can be. But Venus is not a star - it is a planet, the second one from the sun.

Its extreme brilliance is due to the fact that the planet is covered with a thick layer of clouds that reflect sunlight very efficiently. Venus is about the same size as the earth, and orbits the sun at a distance of some 67 million miles. At present, Venus is so situated in its orbit that it appears as the "evening star" - visible in the west shortly after sunset.

The position of Venus in the evening sky is constantly changing as it swings around the sun. During the coming month, it will be getting higher and higher in the evening. By the end of November, it will be visible for over four hours after sunset. Then, as the earth continues in its own orbit, Venus will gradually sink lower in the west, to disappear from view for a time.

But for now, Venus is easily the most prominent celestial object in the early evening sky. There's no mistaking it - it's the one brilliant "star" in the west after sunset. It outshines all the other stars and even some of the brighter planets.

Orion's Stars Also Rise
There are other interesting things to observe in the evening sky, especially as the constellations gradually appear. Orion, the great hunter, is starting to rise in the east. His three-star belt, and the bright stars Betelgeuse and Rigel, are familiar signposts of the winter sky. Gradually, as the evening advances, more and more constellations will become visible, swinging up over the eastern horizon.

Those who watch the sky on these November evenings will see a constantly changing panorama. The brilliant Venus will dominate the early evening, seeming to grow brighter night by night. It moves higher in the southwest, and will soon have nearby companions in the constellations that mark the winter sky. There is much of interest to keep the stargazer occupied these cool autumn evenings.