NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE
ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
WASHINGTON 6, D.C.

ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICES
1836 CONNECTICUT AVE. N.W

TELEPHONE NORTH 7-2434
Air, Alexandria
SKYLIGHT

May 9, 1957

MAJOR DONALD E. KEYHOE
U.S.A.F. RET., DIRECTOR

Commander 4402 Air Intelligence Service Squadron
Ent Air Force Base
Colorado Springs, Colorado

Dear Sir:

We have received a letter from the 414th Fighter Group, Oxnard Air Force Base, stating that our letter of April 25th had been forwarded to your office for action, since your Squadron investigated the UFO's involved.

In our letter to Commanding Officer at Oxnard Air Force Base we asked for copies of the pilot's report and the radar operator's report on the unidentified flying object sighted over the air base early on March 23rd. In addition, I should like to request at this time a copy of the investigation by the 4402 Air Intelligence Service Squadron, if this report is complete.

In the event the report is not completed, will you please advise me when it will be submitted? We should like to have priority on the investigation of the various witnesses involved and other information connected with this case.

As stated in our letter of April 25th, to the C.O. at Oxnard AFB, we have documentary evidence of radar confirmation of the visual sighting reports.

I am making this request as a member of the press. I am editor of the NICAP magazine, published monthly at Washington, D.C., for the membership of this non-profit organization. In order that we know when to schedule our story on this incident, will you please write me collect at the above address, giving the date when you expect to mail this information?

The National Investigations Committee was organized to collect, evaluate and publish authentic evidence on UFO's and we shall greatly appreciate the cooperation of the Air Defense Command and your Intelligence Squadron in particular in informing the public regarding these sightings. In return we shall be glad to cooperate in every way possible. Our policy, which was once the policy of the Air Force, is to make public all the information we secure except the names of witnesses who request that they not be identified.

Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

Sincerely yours,

DER.RHC                                Major USMC (Ret.) Director of NICAP

A precedently-supported fact-finding body serving the national public interest