The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text found in the document:

There are two different general categories of balloons. One is the research type. These are released from various points in the U.S. depending upon what projects are being conducted and are scheduled at any scheduled time. They may be small like weather balloons, or quite large in size, shape and volume. It is necessary to study many different types of balloons are being launched, in the U.S.

The other category is the regularly launched weather balloons. These are launched from known locations in the U.S. as definite times. On the regularly scheduled weather balloon launchings, your unit should have the data on all sites and times of launching each day for the area under your jurisdiction. You can then contact the sites to obtain the time of launching, watch through air weather service to get it from their central files. Normally, many of these balloons are tracked optically, by radar, or by radio DF and it is possible to get the exact tracks of the balloons.

If you get a report of an object you believe to be a balloon, check with your weather officer. He will know what sections in your area launch balloons and from the general wind conditions at the time, the balloon probably came from. You can then get the pilot's or balloon tracks and definitely establish if this is a balloon or not. There are many times a call to the unit launching the balloon will suffice as the balloon will be in the air at a given time.

Balloons do not give us any trouble when they look like balloons, and they can take on many odd appearances. In the daytime a balloon under ideal conditions, a balloon can be seen a high as 60,000 feet. This depends on visibility conditions, the daytime haze and a balloon will appear very small and slowly. At night, balloons that are lighted will appear to change color due to atmospheric conditions. The balloon will change direction with wind shifts or down or dusk a balloon can appear to be erratic or strange. Balloons being "pulsed" up will sometimes appear to be a solid pattern of lights, causing them to appear as a cloud will pick up the sun's rays in a sunset.

Some balloons carry radar reflectors suspended some distance below the balloon to give under certain conditions, their altitude, and may present a weird appearance under some conditions. Let us see why balloons make up a large number of our UFO evaluations.