The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, describing three UFO landing or near-landing cases in France in April 1957.

The text in the document is as follows:

APRIL-MAY 1957 - THREE LANDING OR NEAR-LANDING CASES IN FRANCE

In News Letter #9 (p. 25) we mentioned the excellent accounts of three 1957 sightings in France, personally investigated by Jimmy Guieu and Marc Thirouin, whose reports were published in Questions /57. The first case was the landing at Vins, in Provence (department of Var). The second case was the landing near Falaise in Normandy (department of Calvados-Calvados). The third was the "little-men" report of May 10, at Beaucourtāsur-Ancre (department of Somme-et-Oise).

The stories are noteworthy not only for the events but for the quality of the investigations presented in Questions /57, from which the above details are drawn. Readers who are at home in French are urged to read the original accounts, for the magazine presents sketches and photographs, together with a number of other interesting details omitted here.

Vins-sur-Caramy - April 14, 1957
Our report in NL #8 was taken from the Nice-Matin of April 20, as reported in the Cournier Interplanetaire of May 15, 1957. From this Cournier account it is clear that the newspaper story was incorrect regarding several aspects of the affair.

The object seen landing on Route Departmentale in the U.S.J. was described inexactly by the paper as "a metallic construction, circular in form, 3 to 4 meters in diameter, with a swelling or dome at the center." The witnesses spoke of an object 10 to 12 meters in diameter, of a lighter color, rather metallic in appearance, and on its underside a swelling or dome. The object left at about the same speed with which it had approached, and it was about 5 ft. high. From the surface of the cone there protruded at right angles many little radio aerials (or antennae?) which were in rapid vibration.

The object itself made no sound at any time, but as it settled down on the highway it made a descending noise from a sounding rod, which was in rapid vibration. The object came from the southeast, remained on the road for about 30 seconds, after which it lifted off vertically about 30 yards from the landing spot. This sign shock and vibrated violently. Further than this two women who were about 100 yards away the men "were extremely upset," but no other unusual effects were observed. (The sound which was heard by several of the men was silent to the women, who were about 200 yards from the object.)

The action was over in about one minute. Thinking that two cars had collided, the ran toward the highway, but as they neared it the object took off with a loud metallic vibration from the signs. The "cone" swerved eastward, traveling only 15 or 20 feet above the ground, and disappeared again on a dirt road about 200 yards from the place where it had first been noticed. During this brief "hop" it passed above another road signs which vibrated visibly as the object passed. (Apparently someone later reported they were on the highway.)

The shaking of the trees took off again. Pitching from side to side," and flew toward the southeast at moderate speed. The entire affair had lasted about one minute.

Tiny, black, immediately-disappearing footmarks were observed on the roadway, and the constable were called from nearby Brignoles. The two landing spots were examined; on the highway, a blast of air was evident. On the dirt road the traces were even more conspicuous; the earth was fissured away in a circular spot about four feet in diameter.

Three days later Jimmy Guieu, with M. Pierre Aymard of Radio Monte-Carlo, visited the landing site police station as the final step in their investigation. They were shown the official police report on the case - which made it clear that the witnesses were above all suspicion of having perpetrated a hoax. Proceeding to Vins, Guieu obtained four additional witness statements.