The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document discussing UFO reports and observations.

BALLOONS
Silvery, transparent, disk-like objects may be balloons. The absence of silhouette or engine noise, or any visible means of propulsion, would support such identification. Weather balloons are often released in what appears to be formation, depending on the air currents. They shimmer in reflected sunlight or moonlight, and seem to hover a bit they pass from one air current to another.

Upper air research balloons may attain great heights and travel great distances before they burst and fall back to earth. They may be observed, therefore, in areas far removed from any logical launching site. Research balloons are usually constructed of material which is highly reflective. They often approximate one hundred feet in diameter. Such balloons, when subjected to strong winds, may display an oscillating motion. They carry metallic equipment which can result in electromagnetic effects.

An object usually is not a balloon if its speed is too fast. However, even a balloon, when used for cosmic research, travels in the upper air currents at speeds often in excess of 100 miles per hour. In identifying a flying object as a balloon, it should be borne in mind that a balloon moves with the wind and not against it.

In the field of technological developments, new giant weather balloons have been launched to fly at 30,000 feet or more. They attain speeds and velocities over vast stretches of open air. They will travel high above regulations and will be rigged to destroy themselves if they drop below 28,000 feet, or fail to go that high. These balloons are only 30 feet in diameter and have a plastic skin only 1/100th of an inch thick. Flying at great heights, ever thin, and reflecting sunlight, they could easily be mistaken for unidentified flying objects.

ASTRONOMICAL BODIES
The estimated angular and elevaiton of a flying object can be checked to determine the known location of astronomical bodies. Observers may be identified by conformance to time, charge and maneuvers described in Section 2, "Meteorological and Astronomical Factors".