The document page does not contain any photographs.

OCR text extraction:

```
No Case (Information Only)   10 April 1957   Norfolk, Virginia

UFO SIGHTED FROM NATIONAL AIRLINES PLANE NEAR NORFOLK

On the morning of April 10, 1957, a round silvery object was sighted from National Airlines Flight 720 by Herbert L. Nichols, Jr., construction engineer, author, and publisher. This report, which NICAP is checking, was sent in for evaluation by a NICAP member, the head of a large corporation.

Mr. Nichols is a graduate of Columbia University and from 1934 to 1941 he operated an excavation and grading business in Connecticut. in World War II he was first a civilian employee of the U.S. Army in South America and the West Indies and later a member of the Seabees in the Azation Islands.

Since the war he has not only operated his construction business but also has written and published several books. With his wife, Dr. Hazel J. Berglund, he wrote and published How to Win All Your Wars. Since then he has published several books on excavation, including How to Operate Excavation Equipment and Moving the Earth.

Mr. Nichols' firsthand report follows:

"On Wednesday morning, April 10, I was in the rear west window seat of the El Pacific plane, National Airlines Flight 720 northbound. At about 2:05 a.m., I saw a light below us, moving oppositely to our course, but slightly more toward the west. It followed the line of a highway, but when it went over a small town I could see that it was above it. The light was round, large, and bright without being dazzling.

"Just after passing over the town it went out abruptly. A moment later a dull silvery object was very faintly visible by direct reflection from the moon. Its brightness was then similar to that of the reflection of the moon in rippled water, not as bright as on still water. This reflection was faint and brief enough so that it might have been an optical illusion.

"The speed of the object was comparable to that of a southbound plane that passed to the west slightly below us a few minutes later, and that was marked by flashing red and white lights. The air was perfectly clear, with a few very high clouds, Plane height had been stated to be 18,000 or 19,000 feet. A few minutes later we passed over a city which I believe to be Norfolk, Virginia.

"The light was definitely in the air, and it was too large to be an airplane light, and was perfectly steady in intensity. Its color was a clear white like an automobile head-light. It was in sight for at least five seconds, and perhaps three times as long.

"The light was probably smaller than a dime at arm's length, but was large enough to appear definitely circular in outline. The unlighted machine was at least as large, or possibly larger, and gave an impression of roundness also. But it was then very indistinct, and protrusions would not have been visible."

* * * * *

If any NICAP members in the area approximately 10 to 50 miles south of Norfolk sighted any object at this time or heard of such a sighting, please communicate with NICAP. Reporting forms will be sent on request. NICAP is also communicating with the Civil Air Administration and with the crew of National Airlines Flight 720 to see whether the object was sighted by the pilots and from any CAA towers along the route –
```