There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from what appears to be an old project blue book UFO report document.

Miss A. B. East on
Easton, Maryland

1957

Creator of Intelligent Manoeuvre Observed at Close Quarters

Dear Sir;

I am sending you a report of an unusual series of events I observed while on the farm one night last week. This is the only description I can give you as I am not a writer by profession, but being an eye witness to the strange occurrences, I feel it is my duty to report the facts as I saw them.

It was approximately 7:00 p.m. on the evening of May 26, 1957. I was outside in the barnyard attending to some routine chores when I noticed a peculiar light in the sky to the West of my position. At first I thought it might be an aircraft, but as I watched it, I realized it was not behaving like any aircraft I had ever seen. The light seemed to be hovering in one spot, occasionally darting off at great speed and then returning to its original position. 

As I continued to observe the strange light, it suddenly began to increase in size and brightness. Within a matter of seconds, it had grown to approximately 40 or 50 feet in diameter and was casting a bright white light over the entire barnyard. I was so startled by this sudden change that I froze in my tracks, unable to move. The light was so brilliant that it illuminated the entire area as bright as day. I stood there watching, transfixed, for what seemed like several minutes, although it was probably less than a minute in actual time.

Suddenly, the light began to decrease in size and brightness, until it had returned to its original state - a small, hovering light in the sky. It then darted off at tremendous speed, far exceeding the capabilities of any known aircraft, and disappeared from sight within a matter of seconds.

I stood there, stunned, trying to comprehend what I had just witnessed. I can assure you that this was no hallucination or figment of my imagination. I am a practical, down-to-earth person and have no history of fanciful beliefs. What I saw that night was as real as the barn in front of me. I hope you will take this report seriously and give it the consideration it deserves.

Sincerely,
Miss A. B. East