There is no photograph present on this page of the document.

Below is the OCR transcription of all the text found on the document:

```
CHASING THE FLYING SAUCERS

wasn’t so much, until that beam hit me. At first I thought it was just a balloon which had crashed there.
LARSON: And you came up here and talked to the Buffalo County sheriff, Lloyd Frank, was that right?
SCHMIDT: His deputy.
LARSON: And then what happened?
SCHMIDT: The sheriff and myself, we went out there, and he was convinced that something had been there. Then we came back and got the city manager—
LARSON: That’s Ray Lundy, yes—
SCHMIDT: The chief of police—
LARSON: That’s Thurston Nelson?
SCHMIDT: That’s right.
LARSON: And all of you returned to the scene then. And was there any evidence left at the scene that would indicate that this had occurred?
SCHMIDT: Yes. The sheriff, I think it was, and myself, we picked up some leaves there that had some, we thought it was hydraulic oil or something like that—it had a peculiar smell to it. It was a greenish color.
LARSON: Were there marks on the ground?
SCHMIDT: It seemed like this one we could see where this one hydraulic skid had hit the ground.
LARSON: I see. Were there footprints, where these men had walked?
SCHMIDT: Yes, it was sandy. There were footprints there.
LARSON: And you explained to them what had actually happened, and they were convinced that some of this had occurred, if not all, actually?
SCHMIDT: Yes.
LARSON: What are your personal feelings, Mr. Schmidt, about this? Have you had a chance yet to calm down enough to really get at it?
SCHMIDT: I really haven’t so far, but I don’t know whether there is such a thing as outer space—or a machine from outer space—or it might be from a different country.
LARSON: You feel it might be either one of the two?
SCHMIDT: Yes.
LARSON: What race would you say they were?
SCHMIDT: German.
LARSON: Well we want to thank you very much, Mr. Schmidt, for this opportunity of talking with you. We appreciate it very much. You are very definitely going to be interrogated by the various law enforcement bodies. There will be news media after you. We appreciate this chance to talk to you first hand about this. Do you have anything else you would like to say at this time?
SCHMIDT: No, I guess that’s all that I have to say.
LARSON: Thank you very much, Mr. Reinhold O. Schmidt, of Bakersville, California. This is Gene Larson, News Director of Station KGFW, in Kearney, Nebraska,
```