This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an information sheet that discusses responses to letters regarding UFOs. The text on the sheet is as follows:

Information Sheet

Upon which to base a reply to letter dated 15 April from Mr. Each paragraph in subject letter has been given a pencilled number to facilitate reference to this sheet.

Par Ref

1. This Center has no knowledge regarding letters of 2 and 3 April, presumably on the subject of UFOs.

2. A full supporting data with pertinent analyses and conclusions, was submitted to your headquarters under the personal signature of Colonel John A. Burger under a request to this Center for an investigation. Reference ATIC message ESTO A4-155, dated 18 March 1957. Case file was transmitted to your office on 25 April 1955.

3. This Center has no knowledge or report of the UFO sighting in question.

4a. Statement is correct; however, if feasible, it should be suggested to Mr. --- that Project "Blue Book" Report Nr. 14, will be periodically brought up-to-date through additional findings in this field. No need for any special report is considered necessary, as addendum to this study will permit the general public to have a continuous picture from the UFO program's inception.

4b. JANAP and AFR 200-2 have never been classified SECRET. JANAP originally carried a RESTRICTED classification and AFR 200-2 carried a CONFIDENTIAL classification for a short while. Both were declassified by Presidential Directive Order Nr. 10501 soon thereafter. It does concern itself with responsibilities and procedures with regard to reporting sighting. However, there has been nothing in the UFO investigation that would be released to the public because of an unfortunate use of bad wording in the pertinent paragraph in AFR 200-2. This has been corrected in the proposed new AFR 200-2 recently submitted to your office.

4c. Project "Blue Book" Report Nr. 14, will be periodically brought up-to-date through additional findings in this field.

4d. It seems inconceivable, and highly improbable, that the alleged remark would be attributed the Chief of USAF Office of Information Services.