The image contains a photograph that appears to be a star chart or sky map. The chart shows the positions of various celestial bodies, including planets and stars, in the night sky. There is no human face visible in the image.

SATURN VISIBLE IN SOUTH  
Along with Venus and Jupiter, which will be visible in the early evening, and Saturn, the August sky offers an opportunity to see the famous Aurora Borealis.  

ASTRONOMY 
BY LOUIS SLONKEY

ALTHOUGH SATURN is the only planet which is visible in August, it can be found at times in the early evening.

As the brilliant Venus, which, as the beginning and end of the name implies, is at the "top" and "bottom" of the sky's visibility, appears, Saturn will be easy to locate, low in the west.

Saturn is rather faint, however, in contrast to Venus, and appears about as bright as Jupiter or some of the first-magnitude stars. The ring system, for which Saturn is so well known, will not be seen, as they are now turned edgeways to the earth.

About a seventh as bright as Venus, Jupiter can be found high in the southern sky, being the most brilliant object in this part of the heavens. Nearer the horizon, but still easy to see, is Antares, the reddish "Heart" of the Scorpion, and Corona Borealis, or the Northern Crown, which appears as a semicircle of stars high toward the northwest.

Just above the horizon, and sometimes mistaken for an airplane, are the bright stars Vega and Arcturus, the latter reddish in color.

Five Bright Stars
Among the most bright stars - that is, those of the astronomer's first magnitude - are Vega in the northwest, Arcturus in the north, Antares in the southwest, and Jupiter and Saturn. All of these are prominently displayed in the evening sky during August.

In the southwest is Scorpius, in which we can see the red star Antares and also a number of other bright stars, which draw the figures of the constellation. The Milky Way also extends across the south, past the "teapot" portion of Sagittarius.

To the north and east we can see the brilliant stars Arcturus and Vega, which are marking the beginning and end of the Milky Way for northern observers.

AURORA REPORTED LOW 
A recent report on aurora published in Canada indicates that they can occur at lower altitudes than was previously thought, though the aurora in the normal sense is still mainly confined to upper atmospheric regions.

Dr. John A. Murphy of the Geophysical Institute, College, Alaska, stated that his observations of aurora showed that the lower border was from 15 to 20 miles above the earth's surface, rather than the previously believed 60 to 100 miles.

This indicates that the lower portions of aurora may be more readily visible by ground observers than was believed earlier. The bright upper regions which extend as high as 500 miles are still far beyond our view and continue to show up as "northern lights."