The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text found in the document, produced using an OCR system:

"Subject: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORT

1. On 6 July 1957, at about 2230 hours, the writer and his wife observed an unidentified flying object over Forbes AFB, Kansas. I was outside our quarters when my wife called my attention to a bright light in the northwest sky. At first I thought it might be an aircraft, but as I watched, the light seemed to change in appearance and maneuver in a way that was not characteristic of any aircraft I had ever seen.

2. The object appeared to be about the size of a dime held at arm's length. It was a bright, steady white light which would occasionally blink out and then reappear. At times it seemed to change color slightly, taking on a bluish tint. The object maneuvered in a generally circular pattern, sometimes moving rapidly, then hovering, then darting off in another direction. This maneuvering continued for about 15 minutes.

3. After a few minutes, I became convinced that this was no ordinary aircraft. I hurried into the house and called the control tower at Forbes to report the sighting. By the time I got back outside, the object had moved from the northwest to the west and appeared to be traveling at a high rate of speed. It continued this high-speed movement, blinking out and reappearing, until it disappeared from sight to the west.

4. The Air Force radar at Forbes was checked and it was reported that no unidentified targets had been picked up that evening. The weather at the time was clear with unlimited visibility.

5. I am a radar observer by training and have considerable experience in the identification of aircraft. I am convinced that the object I observed was not a conventional aircraft, satellite, or any other known object. It displayed maneuverability and an ability to accelerate to extremely high speeds which are beyond the capabilities of any aircraft I am familiar with.

(Signed)
FORBES AFB, KANSAS"