There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text about radar sightings.

SECTION III
Radar Sightings
In certain instances, unidentified objects have been observed on radar scopes, both ground and airborne. Generally speaking these radar sightings fall into explainable patterns and are caused by certain meteorological phenomena, or familiar objects that are observed under unusual circumstances.
Radar echoes can be produced by a variety of objects, many of which are not visible to the human eye and yet are detected on the radar scope. Anything which returns radar signals, such as birds, aircraft and meteorological balloons, are normally recognisable by their size and velocity. However, some balloons, such as ionospheric balloons, ascend to altitudes above those of normal aircraft and travel with the upper air currents, sometimes at speeds above 100 mph. Radar returns from these balloons could give impressions of unidentified objects.
Certain meteorological and astronomical conditions will present radar returns that are unusual. Radar waves must travel through the earth's atmosphere where, like light waves, they may be bent by natural temperature and moisture conditions. Radar waves may be refracted or reflected by atmospheric conditions to where ground objects appear to represent an aircraft or flying object. Even moving target indicators, reflected images of distant ground objects may appear to be moving because of the movement of air layers.
Temperatures inversions, in which a cold air mass is overlaid by a warmer air mass, can greatly increase the distance from which radar returns are received. Thus, objects may appear to be much closer than they actually are. Such duplication and distance distortions, misinterpretation and confusion.
Radar echoes may be produced by condensed water vapor in the form of rain, snow, or snow. These radar reflections may cover a wide area which has diffused, irregular boundaries and fluctuating intensities. Movement of this water in the form of winds or upper air currents, which travel at a speed of as much as 100 mph, can produce radar returns at altitudes up to 40,000 feet. Normally these patterns are recognisable by their size and radar return; however, they may appear confusing and result in false interpretations.