No Saucer Data Found, AF Says

The Air Force says its investigation of 3,700 reported was at 5:37 a.m. sightings of flying saucers in the U.S. Shafter said the radar in- has found "no physical or material evidence" that such things when it was first spotted. It was moving from north to south, and faded rapidly astern on the scope.

Second Contact Reported

About three minutes later, he said, a second contact was made.

"The range was very close and if was coming back in the opposite direction. It had been traveling—in other words from south to north. It moved up again and back up the port side of the Sebago and faded out. Then a visual contact was made."

On another radar contact, the officer said, the object was at a distance of 22 miles on a bearing of 180 degrees. He continued:

"About three minutes later it was bearing 190 degrees at a range of 85 miles. I consider those the two best possible chances we had to clock it for speed and distance and it went from bearing 180 to 190 in two minutes. It was going almost 1,000 miles an hour."

The Pentagon issued this report last night after sightings recorded on radar in various parts of the country. Some of the reported objects were said to glow with a strange light and to have slowed down auto engines to stall.

Sightings of flying saucers in this country have continued from time to time over the past decade. Investigation of them has been handled by the Air Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio. Previous Air Force reports on saucers have been along the lines of the one put out last night.

There have been suggestions that the new rash of sightings was inspired by Russia's launching of earth satellites.

No Evidence of Saucers

"In its report last night the Air Force said it had found no physical or material evidence, not even a minute fragment, that a so-called flying saucer was ever found."

It also said there is no evidence that the alleged objects reported sighted are developments that they indicate developments beyond the range of current scientific knowledge, or that they pose any threat to the Nation's security.

In Pensacola, Fla., the naval air station commander Sebago yesterday estimated a flying object sighted over the gulf the day before had a speed of between 1,000 and 3,300 miles per hour.

Lt. (j.g.) Donald Shaffer of the USS Sebago based his estimate on elapsed time and distance traveled between

[handwritten: First radar contact on the line cutter's radar screen. The object was first spotted on the radar screen at 9:10 a.m. (EST) as the Sebago was cruising in the Gulf south southeast of New Orleans. It stayed on the radar watch for about three seconds at 9:21 a.m. The last radar contact was made.]