There is no photograph or image contained in the shared document. The document appears to be an old UFO report from Project Blue Book, and it consists solely of typed text.

Text from the document:

BOTH OF YOU. I hope to see you sometime in the future again, when I am up your way....  Regarding the fact that someone sent you a "Voodoo doll", I would say that you and your wife should not fear that, for they would not do any harm at all. The object is not to tear people down, but to uplift, even the lowest creature which it possesses. If this is done as it was intended, it should bring much goodness to you. Then I received your SAUCER NEWS and found that you are not making any great claims as to what you have seen. This is wise, for many things which others call miraculous are really quite simple to those who have some understanding of the various forces at work. If someone must be thinking this dirty work – someone who attempts to harm – I would like to know, wouldn't you? If there is nothing wrong, why fear? So let's take this in the highest sense and know that we are establishing a friendship, each with the other. I wish there were more people like you, who come out into the open instead of hiding behind "closed doors". I had on Long John's radio program, the finest get-together that anyone could have. The public for the most part were wonderful people who responded far more than you perhaps could. SAUCERS are far more wonderful than you can imagine. HOOP ADAMS PHOTO CALIFORNIA

Here is the information you requested (March SAUCER NEWS, Page 14) concerning the moons of Mars: 

Swift	Actual
Moons:	2	2
Distance from Mars' center, in terms of Mars' diameter: 	1.4	3.8
Deimost:	3 hrs.	7 hrs. 39 min.
Time for one revolution around Mars: 	30 hrs. 18 min.	30 hrs. 18 min.

The Swift was remarkably accurate in its predictions regarding the moons of Mars. His 1877 discovery of these moons close to the planet was a feat of outstanding observation and calculation. He guessed the number exactly, though he erred somewhat in the distance from the planet's center. His estimate of the period of revolution was very close to the actual. Thus his work in this field remains a notable achievement of 19th century astronomy.

Anyone who suggested in your book review (March SAUCER NEWS, Page 7) that those who look into SAUCERS are strange or abnormal folk, simply does not understand. This is exactly what I'm going to do here. Then he speaks of "a spiritualised life". Well, this is paramount with those who give earnest attention to this intriguing subject. For in it we live and move and have our being. "In Him", of course, means when we live in harmony with the laws of the universe. MRS. EVA MAHLE, Connersville, Indiana