The image does not contain any photographs. I will proceed to extract the text from the document.

AFR 200-2

In reply to any numbered item of the report format will indicate that all logical leads were developed, without success. The phrase "not applicable" will indicate that the item does not apply to the sighting being investigated.

4. Report Forms: Reports will include the following numbered items:

(1) Description of the object(s):
(a) Shape
(b) Size compared to a known object
(c) Color
(d) Number
(e) Formation, if more than one
(f) Any discernible features or details
(g) Trail, smoke, or exhaust
(h) Sound, if heard, describe sound
(i) Other pertinent information

(2) Description of course of object(s):
(a) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?
(b) Angle of elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance
(c) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s)
(d) Length of time of sighting

(3) Manner of observation:
(a) Use one or any combination of the following: visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic (if electronic, specify type of radar.)
(b) Statement as to optical aids (telescope, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof
(c) If the sighting is made while airborne, the type of aircraft and the position of the observer in the aircraft will be specified, and altitude, heading, speed, and home station will be given

(4) Time and date of sighting:
(a) Zulu time-date group of sighting
(b) Zone description (local time) of the following terms: Night, dawn, dusk

(5) Locations of observer(s). Exact latitude and longitude of each observer. Locations will be referred to a known landmark.

(6) Identifying information of all observer(s):
(a) Official - Name, age, mailing address, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability.
(b) Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability.

(7) Weather and wind-aloft conditions at time and place of sightings:
(a) Observer(s) account of weather conditions.
(b) Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity, in degrees and knots, at surface, 3,000', 6,000', 9,000', 12,000', 15,000', 20,000', 30,000', and 50,000', if available.
(c) Ceiling.
(d) Visibility.
(e) Amount of cloud cover.
(f) Precipitation.
(g) Atmospheric conditions in area, and quadrant in which located.

(8) Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.

(9) Interception or identification action taken (such action may be taken before, during, or after the sighting, but with existing air defense directives).

(10) Evaluation of any air traffic in the area at time of sighting.

(11) Position and comments of the investigating officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s).

(12) Existence of physical evidence, such as photographs and instrumentations data. Reports should be unclassified unless inclusion of data required by a above necessitates a higher classification.

8. Evidence. The existence of physical evidence (photography or material) will be promptly reported.
   a. Photographic:
      (1) Actual. The negative and two prints will be forwarded, all original film, including wherever possible, both exposed and unexposed portions, otherwise properly identified as to place, time, and date of the incident.