The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book, specifically a letter dated October 14, 1964 from a person at the Dearborn Observatory, Northwestern University, addressed to Mr. Hynek.

The text in the document is as follows:

5384 Olde Stage Road
Boulder, Colorado
October 14, 1964

Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Mr. Hynek,

Certainly I remember you and our discussions concerning flying objects. More specifically - our discussion concerning the unusual craft that I observed at my ranch in July 1957. It was either the 27th or the 29th of July.

I will relate the details as best as I can recall. I am no artist, but I hope the enclosed sketches will suffice for your purposes. Should you need a better rendition, perhaps a professional artist could give a better rendering.

In answer to the questions in the third paragraph of your letter: No, I have not come to any further conclusions as to what the craft was. No natural explanation has come to mind, but neither have I attempted to any maintain explanation. In neither the July, 1957 incident or any previous incident that I have seen nothing that even faintly resembled the craft. Neither have I heard of any person in this area who has had a similar experience.

The incident is still quite clear in my mind. I am sure that I saw a craft of a manufactured nature (not a naturally occurring phenomena). The craft made no motions and seemed to float. It did not make any visible air disturbance (vapor trails, smoke, flame, etc.). At no time did I see any figures resembling living creatures aboard, or any indication that the craft might be piloted, possibly operated by remote control.

At the time of the sighting I was raking hay south of my farm house which is located approximately six miles west of Longmont, Colorado. The time of day was around noon. This would have been several hours after I first noticed the craft hovering over the general vicinity.

At first I thought that I was about to see a meteor hit the ground. I stared in disbelief as the object remained in a fixed position and did not move as a meteor would have done. It remained suspended, motionless, for what I would estimate as about fifteen minutes. The craft maintained sort of a rocking motion. It seemed to be a dull light, gray in color, and roughly circular in shape. We called this the "Rabbit Hill" object because it was located over that area.

I stopped the farm work to watch. During the time the craft remained suspended where it had stopped.