The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document or page from a report.

THE KEARNEY INCIDENT
This time I said nothing about my experience in Kearney, Nebraska, where I had met a flying saucer. Major Wayne Aho, of Washington D.C. used his influence to arrange telephone conversations and correspondence in a matter of 3 days later, however, in Detriot, he was no longer interested. Ranged to meet in Davenport, Iowa, on February 15. A school of my reports was published in the U.S. Air Force Regulations, that from the time I joined Major Aho the next night, I joined Major Aho in the rest of the Midwest tour, and we were in Kearney, Nebraska.
The "saucer" was seen for a few minutes that evening and we tried to determine their movements. Those fellows were in Kearney, Nebraska were watching the western sky. At about 8:30 P.M. the evening following, a team in my apartment, and we had an engaging conversation, The local minister with whom we had visited that afternoon said that he felt that there is something in the western sky unusual for the region, it was very low and there above the setting sun we could see what appeared to be a comet or star, but it seemed fixed in the western sky, a portion of the star appeared to be emitting a dim, steady glow, but as I watched, something developed - the object moved and dipped and showed a cone-like structure later, the object which became quite brilliant before fading with the setting sun.
Looking at the western sky again one of the group called, "there comes another one," Two minutes later, however, there was neither an object nor vapor trail to be seen in the left side of the western sky. This time, however, we watched, and we could see a jet looking more closely we could see it was flying with a trailing vapor stream across the sky for several minutes, the object emitted a scintillating light that moved along with it.
According to the traveling salesman who came to the lecture that night later told us that when the display in the dining room of the hotel we reported the "show" that had been described to us. 'Well, they're having a lecture on scintillating thoughts, that must have been what you saw.'
It was reported to us that the world did they get them so high up in the air and staying called the Lowry Air Force Base in Colorado and was informed that was a national.