Air Force Set
To Study 3 of
46 'Objects'

The North American Air Defense Command at Colorado Springs, Colo., reported yesterday it had received 46 reports of unidentified objects from throughout the nation, but only three, including one from Kearney, Neb., deserved further study."

Capt. Andy Beasley, public information officer, said two Air Force investigators were sent to Kearney after a California sighting a cigar-shaped object hovering over trees and chatting with four men and two women in it.

Beasley said the service had not yet decided whether there was any connection to the two other reported sightings. He did not say where these reports came from.

* Florida Sightings

A dazzling fiery object flashed across southern skies an hour before sunset Wednesday and some observers reported seeing it drop to treetop level. Reports of sightings came from Albany, Ga., to Miami. Authorities described the brilliantly light phenomenon as a meteor.

At Tallahassee, a Florida State University department chairman and two professors said descriptions of the meteor differed from the usual falling star, saying it appeared to move horizontally and was particularly bright, particularly at night.

The navigator of the Coast Guard cutter Duane operating off the coast of the Gulf of Mexico Tuesday had a speed between 1200 and 1300 miles per hour.

Time Figured

Lt. (jg) Donald Shafer of Greensburg, Pa., said he based the estimate on elapsed time and distance traveled between the first and last sightings on the cutter's radar screen.

The cutter refueled at the Pensacola Naval Air Station dock during the morning Tuesday and then departed for Galveston, Mobile, Ala.

Ensign Wayne Shockley of Redlands, Calif., who was on the floor of the deck when the object was sighted, said radar showed the unidentified object crossed the Texas, left the ship to fly to New York to appear today on a national television program, today.

Officials said they have not yet been questioned by Air Force investigators.

The Air Force said Tuesday its radar network of the Air Defense Command at Colorado Springs has been alerted to watch for the object.