The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

May 11 and May 12 by Mr. and Mrs. That live on the side of the monument highway, a little above the other witnesses. They had not spoken to the press and other officials. Their statement is as follows:

"On May 10, we did not see anything as we usually state. But the following evening, I was awakened at approximately 3 in the morning (and at our ages, sleep is one of our weaknesses) as I passed by the window that passes through the room and is located in a South-West direction. I was attracted by a rather brilliant orange light that I perceived through the window. It was the same in diameter as the moon and the range of the clear reddish-orange home that is to the left of the cafeteria at approximately 80 meters. I woke my wife up and told her to come and observe this strange light. She did and then after a few seconds, the light disappeared and did not reappear so that we went back to bed."

Mrs. confirmed the testimony of her husband. At this time of the night, it is rather strange that one should believe that it could have been a strange firecracker, and no one else would have observed it. At the Decuperer farm, we found out that no one had seen anything strange and that all told, they had all slept straight through the entire night. This surpassed the time that the Laines had been aroused by the strange light.

Conclusions:
These are the first indications of an investigation that took place during a period of 10 hours on Saturday and Sunday the 18 and 19 of May. This was only 8 days after the occurrences. Some things must still be cleared up, as we have already indicated and therefore all that we comment on the magnetic investigations that were conducted on the metallic pieces that were located near the observation points. This is given later as a simple indication because a systematic study was begun after the so of phenomena that were reported, referring to those that took place in Vins, Palads and Beaucourt. We will.
FTD-TT-64-572/1+2
19