ARTICLE TITLE: On Science

BY WALTER TROHAN
(United Press Staff Writer)
Washington, Nov. 5.—After an extraordinary two-day cabinet session earlier in the day, President Eisenhower last night announced that he will make an address of major importance Thursday night on American science and security on his national radio and television hookups.

The cabinet meeting was held against the ominous background of Russian scientific accomplishments and the related legislative and budgetary programs of the administration for 1958. Several hours later the White House said the President will cancel his scheduled press conference tomorrow morning because he will cover the same information in his Thursday night speech as he would have provided in answers to press questions. Thursday night falls on the 40th anniversary of the Russian revolution.

State Live Broadcast

The address, the first of his "confidence" speeches he promised recently, will be carried live by the Columbia Broadcasting system on television and radio from 7 to 7:30 p.m., Chicago time. The White House said the American Broadcasting system will show a film of the speech at 9:30 p.m. and National Broadcasting company at 10:15 p.m., Chicago time. Mutual Broadcasting system will rebroadcast the speech at 10 p.m. Chicago time.

Cabinet members left the White House silent as usual on their deliberations with the President. They will return Friday for another assessment of problems confronting the administration.

Meet Again Friday

The White House and cabinet members would not disclose that the extraordinary session and the regular session Friday were concerned with the startling Russian developments in rocket and missile research. It was conceded, however, that no consideration of 1958 spending could fail to be influenced by the Red earth satellites and their repercussions on world affairs.

The solemn men of cabinet members evidenced concern over the impending full scale senate investigation into what the United States needs to win the race for superiority over the soviet union in rocket-missile developments.

Admits Reds Ahead

In the afternoon Secretary of State Dulles told a news conference that Russia appears to lead the United States in the missile field in some respects, but expressed confidence this country can catch up.

The United States, he said, will demonstrate that like

OTHER STORIES

Reds expect to celebrate 40th anniversary of bolshevik revolution on the moon. Story on page 3.

Sectional jealousies imperil midwestern's preeminence in nuclear research, U. of C. chancellor warns. Story on page 11.

New Orleans, Nov. 5 (UP—The coast guard cutter Sebago sighted an unidentified flying object over the Gulf of Mexico at 5:21 a.m. today. The object, seen for about three seconds, resembled a brilliant his planet moving at tremendous speed.

Coast guard headquarters in New Orleans received a radio message about the sighting. The message did not say exactly who on board the cutter had seen the object.

But the message said the object had been tracked on the Sebago's radar screen for 11 minutes before the visual contact and for 16 minutes afterward. During these periods, the object darted off the screen every few minutes but soon returned.

Gives Location of Ship

Comdr. James Schrader, head of search and rescue operations in the gulf, said the object had been seen at latitude 25-47 north, longitude 89-24 west or about 200 miles directly south of the mouth of the Mississippi river.

Comdr. Schrader said the radio message gave his log of the morning incident:

5:10 a.m.—The object was seen on the radar screen, moving north to south, about 14 miles from the cutter. The object continued to move closer, shifting toward the port side.

5:14—Contact was lost.

5:16—Contact was regained with the object about 22 miles north of the cutter.

5:18—The object, about 53 miles from the Sebago, faded off the screen.

Tell Object's Changes

5:20—Contact was regained. The object appeared stationary, seven miles due north.

5:21—The object was seen, moving horizontally south to north. It was seen for about three seconds and resembled a brilliant planet with a high rate of speed.

5:21—Radar contact was regained.

5:37—The cutter reported its last radar contact with the object about 175 miles north of the ship.

The Sebago is expected to report back to its home base in Mobile by Thursday.

Mystery Signal Heard

New York, Nov. 5 (UP—A mysterious radio signal not emanating from Russia's new sputnik is baffling short wave