There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text found in the document:

---

Meanwhile the apparatus that was observed at Vins was silent. The noise that was produced and heard was supposedly due to the violent vibrations of the signal poles that were apparently subjected to the intensity of the natural magnetic field of the apparatus. In Palalda it was the apparatus itself that produced the noise that attracted the attention of the witnesses. The latter had an excellent reputation in the village and this reputation was confirmed by the police station and the warrant officer.

Let us make note of the fact that in Palalda the fence - made of slim wire posts and some wood and some latticed grill work - was not able to produce the noise that was reported by the witnesses even though it was also subjected to the same type of vibrations.

We are therefore dealing with two types of apparatus that are similar in form and size and in there manageability but different in "mechanical" manifestation as although they apparently are similar they are both silenced by means of some sort of a special device that utilizes the magnetic field.

Conclusions:

No Nation on the earth has aircraft that are silent in maneuvers and silenced by a propellor system and therefore it is ipso facto that these apparatus come from another world. On the other hand the new type of apparatus that have begun to be manifested in a singular manner let one suppose that other apparatus of this type will soon appear. It will therefore be indispensable that the witnesses that should observe these "phenomenons" not hesitate in informing and placing themselves in touch with police stations or our Investigational Bureau,or the press.

Jimmy Guieu

Note:
A new magnetic examination was conducted by Dr. Pages one month after the investigation and the examination by Jimmy Guieu. This indeed exposed the fact that metallic posts had an inversed rate of magnetism. The almost exact same as in Vins one can ask 

FTD-TT-64-572/1+2              10