There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a report from the 340th Bombardment Wing (Medium) (SAC) of the United States Air Force located at Whiteman Air Force Base, Missouri.

The text in the document states:

HEADQUARTERS
340TH BOMBARDMENT WING (MEDIUM) (SAC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Whiteman Air Force Base, Missouri

SUBJECT: (U) Unidentified Flying Objects

1. Reference message this Headquarters, DOI-750, dated 7 November 1957.

2. Attached are six diagrams depicting the tracks of UFOB's on the search radar that the initial inbound tracks appeared to home in on after sightings. The UFOB's remained in the area about 5 minutes, and then disappeared from the radar scopes. It should also be noted that there was no set pattern in regards to the direction of the tracks on the radar scope.

3. When on the radar scope, the UFOB's were easy to recognize and appear as large and bright as 5-6 B-47 targets. The pattern on the radar scope at the same time and thus it was possible to compare their radar returns. One difference noted between the UFOB's and the B-47 targets were that the UFOB's were not distorted by the radar sweep while the B-47 targets gave elongated returns.

4. As plotted on inclosures #1 thru 6, it appears that the UFOB's made sharp turns or changes in direction. However, their course gradually when viewed on the radar scope and was noted primarily by plotting the target bearings from the station.

5. Radar Photographs:
Precision scope photographs of UFOB's crossing the precision scope (6 September 1957) and from the acquisition scope (6 November 1957) are inclosed. The photograph is of poor quality as the camera was hand held and the face of the radar scope was not removed. The photograph was taken with color film, F-8 on one-fourth second. The time this photograph was taken, the UFOB target was comparable to the return of a B-47 aircraft and was tracked on both the azimuth and elevation sectors of the precision scope.