FOUR SAUCERS OVER CALIFORNIA AT SPEEDS UP
TO 3600 M.P.H., REVEALED IN RADAR REPORT
CERTIFIED BY NICAP BOARD MEMBERS

Onard AFB Tells NICAP Intelligence Investigated UFO's;
AF Silent On Findings

CERTIFICATION BY MEMBERS OF THE NICAP BOARD OF GOVERNORS

"I certify I have seen the signed reports dated April 23 and May 18, 1957, describing the radar sightings of four UFO's at speeds up to 3600 miles per hour."

Signed: Reverend Albert Baller Robbins Memorial Church, Greenfield,
Massachusetts.

Dr. Fred Douglass, author of the syndicated column, "Strength
For The Day," Plainfield, New Jersey.

Frank Edwards, Radio and TV Newscaster, Indianapolis,
Indiana.

Col. Robert B. Emerson, U.S. Army Reserve, Director, Command and General Staff Dept, 4875 USAR School, Baton
Rouge.

Reverend Leon Le Van, New Jerusalem Christian Church,
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Professor Charles H. Harvey, Head of the Department of
Physics, Defense University, Defence, Ohio.

Rear Admiral Herbert E. Knowles, United States Navy, Retired,
Elbert, Maryland.

The report cited was signed by one of four control-tower operators in the
U.S. Aeronautics Administration all of whom tracked the four saucers at a
Los California airport. Since this case is directly linked to a previous
UFO sighting at Oxnard Air Force Base near midnight March 23, the operators
did not be identified. However, NICAP emphasized that no violation of
security is involved, since there was no CIRVIS message in report which
normally designated as TOP SECRET, and Ch iefs of Staff Intelligence.

Two flying saucers which crossed over
control tower at 3600 M.P.H. were tracked
by U.S. Aeronautics control tower at
a Nexo on the night of March 23,
according to a signed report now in
NICAP's possession. The other
two saucers new light or visual sight-
ings at Oxnard Air Force Base -- at
an hour held that night.

"At the time, be U.C. at Oxnard,
Col. E. P. Corey, M., stated that no
UFO's had been picked up in his
radar scope later. He also said that I let

[Continued on Page 3]

effect of search in past two
months has shown in reports. Dur-
ing other bound inadeuate clear-
ing. I haven object when dispaspar
initially set up.

At lower one of the two UFO's
circles by C.A.A was di'escot direcly
toward Air Force Base at Oxnard
time, according to the CAA control
tower. Operator's signed report (in
the following account this order expect-
ation will be called "Operator 1").

The time was 2350 (11:50 p.m.),
with no FAA flight. CAA room, Decembe
1 was on duty in the Municipal Airport
Control tower, ... California.

"I was walking up the main tower,"
his report states, "when I noticed a
large blip of a moving object) about
200 miles northwest and moving north-
west. At first I thought it was a jet,
then I noticed it was moving much
faster than anything I had ever seen
on the scope. About 40 miles north-
west it came to an abrupt stop and re-
versed course, all within a period of
about three decends.

"It then traveled back along the
scope for about 20 miles, reversed
course again and disappeared off the
scope at 50 miles (Our radar reaches
out only 50 miles)."

Approximately five minutes later,
Operator 1 reports, two more unknown
blips appeared, also traveling at
tremendous speed. This time, he
quickly called on the other control-
tower operators to help him track the
UFO's.

30 Miles, 30 Seconds: 3600 M.P.H.

"Those two disappeared off the
scope in the same direction on the
turn." Operator 1 states. "We had
time to clock their speed -- 30 miles
in 30 seconds. This figures out to
3600 miles per hour.

"A minute or so later, a fourth
target appeared in the same area,"
the radar report continues. "It went
off the scope at 3600 miles per hour.
Our radar does not give the height of
craft, however, they had to be at
10,000 feet or higher, because our
radar's maximum height range is about
10,000 feet."

Next day, Operator 1 read a news account of the Oxnard Air Force