JULY 1957                                                                PAGE 29

FOUR SAUCERS from Page 4

moving over Downey (about 5 miles
southeast of Los Angeles). Between
their time and midnight, similar UFO
reports were made by many Californians in Los Angeles, Pasadena, and
throughout the San Gabriel Valley.
Filter switchboards in the area
were flooded with hundreds of calls,
indicating that probably several thousand people saw at least one UFO,
perhaps more. During the latter part
of this period, both official and civilian reports poured into the Pasadena
Air Filter Center.

According to a statement given to
Russ Leadabrand by the Filter Center
S.O., Capt. Joseph Fry, the first official report came in at 11:10 p.m., at
which time Captain Fry notified Air
Defense radar.

"Between 2310 (11:10 p.m.) and
2352," said Capt. Fry, "we had many
reports. We had reports that indicated the UFO was completely silent.
It was a bright white light. Some of the
fellows claimed they heard the Orchard
report that the light illuminated all
the object."

But most observers, including two
Filter Center men, reported seeing the
object as glowing a bright red light.
One of the men was Air Force T/Sgt.
Dewey Crow, who is permanently attached to the Center. Until he saw
the object, he was openly skeptical
about UFO's.

The second Filter Center observer
was Les Wagner, whose regular job is
that of a Microwave shift writer in
charge of the day-to-night identification section. During his six years of
OIC duty, Wagner has become an expert on aircraft identification.

While hundreds of people stared
Pasadena's UFO sightings up at the floating UFO, T/Sgt.
Crow and Wagner also watched it move
about the area. Their combined observations covered a period of more
than an hour. The two men admittedly
were baffled.

Near midnight, the tempo of UFO
reports increased. It was just after
twelve when Mrs. Robert Denduke,
wife of an Orchard AFB captain, telephoned the base tower from her home
in Orchard Heights. Mrs. Denduke,
who is familiar with aircraft types,

positively described the UFO as a
large, silent object, flashing a brilliant red light and maneuvering in the
sky over Santa Rosa Valley.

F-89 Fails to Contact UFO

In rapid succession, other telephone
calls — some from airmen attached to
the base — confirmed Mrs. Denduke's
report. Since the base already had an
F-89 jet in the air, the tower notified
the pilot to intercept the UFO if possible (The F-89 carries, besides the
pilot, a radar operator specially
trained for this type of interception).

According to the later report given
to the press by Col. E. F. Carey, Jr.,
base commander, the F-89 crew were
unable to make any contact, visual or
radar. This attempted contact was
initiated at between midnight and 12:20.
But at approximately the same time
(12:22 a.m.) several eye witnesses on
the ground observed a strange,
flashing red object hovering near one
of the Orchard base runways.

Inasmuch as the witnesses were vacuuming an Orchard runway, in the
hilly section — pick-up reportedly
John Heyden, Paul Nelson, and Robert
Cheshire. These three admitted later, on
the ground, that they had observed
the UFO under the field, but also
reported it maneuvered swiftly about the
field until 1:37 a.m., when it quickly
disappeared on a northerly course.

Meanwhile, two policemen from Port
Hueneme also had sighted the same
red and moving craft which was reported
to the Orchard tower.

It is on un-verified time, a Navy
interceptor also joined in the search
for the UFO, according to the United
Press. (No attention is given to this
slip since from which the plane
was sent.)

From the final details given,
it is not certain that all visual reports
concerned the same UFO. It appears
that many, not witnesses may have seen
two or more of the four UFO's
tracked by the CAA control tower
at Burbank. It is quite possible that
[illegible] separately this could account for
the varied reports of hovering, accelerating, and swift maneuvers. However, all these visual reports may
possibly concern a single object which
maneuvered at varying speeds near
Orchard AFB and the surrounding area.

Balloons Ruled Out

When the UFO was first sighted by
T/Sgt. Dewey Crow and Les Wagner,
in Pasadena, its slow movement
caused Wagner to speculate on the possibility of a balloon with a new type of
light (the combined visual and radar
reports, combined, seemingly spoke of
a maneuvering object). Wagner checked with the Atomic
Energy Commission's test site in Nevada. The AEC stated the test
balloon launching at the site had been
on March 21, and the balloon had been
accounted for. In addition, a spokesman pointed out, their balloons do not
carry lights of any kind.

A second check, with Edwards Air
Force Base, ruled out the weather
balloon answer. No weather balloons
carry red lights, Wagner was told.
Also, the balloons launched in the
preceding 40 hours had been tracked
to about 100,000 feet, where they
automatically were destroyed.

Finally, the CAA also joined any
connection with red-lighted balloon
operations.

The reported sightings seem to correspond, to any known type of aircraft, even those still in the test
stage; all electrical operations in the
area — military, civil and special
testing — were quickly screened by
the Air Filter Center, and this answer
was ruled out.

Following Air Force Regulation
20-02, on the receiving of UFO's, the
Pasadena Filter Center cited: the first
verified UFO report, immediately notified Air Defense Command HQ at
Colorado Springs, the Air Technical
Intelligence Center, the Directorate of
Intelligence at the Pentagon and the
nearest Air Defense base — Norton
AFB, in San Bernardino. A team of
Intelligence investigators from the
4602d Squadron unit at Norton was at
once sent to Orchard AFB.

Though this is standard procedure,
and is well known to the HQ staff at
all Air Force bases, no mention of the
4602d was made when Russ Leadabrand called the base at Norton.
Major Thomas Bowers, Information
Services Officer of the 27th Air Division

Continued on Page 30