There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

WHAT HAPPENED BETWEEN 2PM, MAY 27 AND 6PM, MAY 28, 1957?

"EDITORIAL NOTE: The Miller case, from 1955 to 1956, is the details of a "close encounter of the third kind" case which was reviewed in the time-July 1957 issue of SAUCERS magazine. This case, in which the witness is identified as "MILLER", appeared in the same-July 1957 issue of SAUCERS. Mr. Miller was again first prize in our Giant Library Contest for facts of sightings and the publication of his experiences with his second "FLYING SAUCER" like object".

Most of us recall the tremendous quantity and quality of UFG sightings reported that occurred from September 27th, 1957. While this "flap" was of short duration, it was nevertheless one of the most intensive since 1947, various observers and ground reports at times indicating simultaneous sightings at three or more locations. Phenomena of all types were recorded - such phenomena as discs, spheres, cigars, and large irregular masses emitting lights and the like. Military and civilian airports were swamped with calls from persons reporting unidentified aerial objects. Honolulu reported its activity was checked when a Pan American Airlines pilot returning from Wake Island landed and said he had followed a fast-moving light that had crossed his path and disappeared at the horizon. Costa Guard stations on both coasts, and the interior, made numerous reports. Some of the saucer aircraft reported were estimated to be moving as fast as 14,000 mph, with incredible acceleration and maneuvers.

The data of the air-liners. In fact, the entire matter was essentially administrative. This question of policy and regulations were kept under wraps until after the April-May 1957 report had been filed. The civil defense people and the weather people were making "private property" claims regarding the observations. A number of competent scientists "pooh-poohed" the whole matter.

Clipper 944 departed from San Francisco at 7:51 GCT (Greenwich Civ Time), November 23th, 1957. No equipment failures or irregularities were reported. The pilots sighted a bright light, described as a rapidly moving sphere or globular object. This was the first UFO sighting reported by commercial airline pilots in over a year. The pilots' observations were forwarded to CONAC and ATIC.

American First Officer William E. Nash and Second Officer William H. Fortenberry, aboard a National Airlines Constellation, sighted an unidentified aerial object near Miami, Florida about 7:15 PM EST, July 14, 1952. This was the first UFO sighting reported by airline pilots. The pilots' observations were forwarded to Air Force intelligence.

The U.S. Air Force seems to have developed a keen interest in gathering all the data of the air-liners. In fact, the entire matter was essentially administrative. This question of policy and regulations were kept under wraps until after the April-May 1957 report had been filed. The civil defense people and the weather people were making "private property" claims regarding the observations. A number of competent scientists "pooh-poohed" the whole matter.