The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an old document or newsletter related to "Saucer News" and "Saucerian Bulletin". 

The text in the document reads as follows:

SAUCER NEWS COMMENTS

Readers of SAUCER NEWS will recall the long-standing feud between us and Mr. Barker in Clarksburg, West Virginia. A serious controversy was entered into between him and his cohorts, and we became engaged in some rather heated disputes which lasted for many months. 

His article, for the issue of 1956, of SAUCERIAN BULLETIN, crowed our and our friends' efforts and we made a fair reply to Mr. Barker's most generous offer, whereby we would combine his magazine with ours. This was further followed in the issues of SAUCERIAN BULLETIN, wherein we attempted to incorporate their subscribers into our operations, as an act of generosity, extended according to the number of "Saucerian Bulletins" owned by them. 

Any portion of the SAUCERIAN BULLETIN subscription that has not been served out by refund on the unused portion, will be resolved by sending SAUCER NEWS for the remainder of the time. Their new contained publication matters should be applied to SAUCER NEWS.

SAUCER NEWS has become the second oldest FLYING SAUCER periodical in the world, exceeded only by "Flying Saucers" magazine, published slightly under 8,000 copies, our determination. Long expressed, to consolidate other publications into SAUCER NEWS, has been gradually moving toward that idea. Commencing June, September and December of each year, former readers of the publications absorbed will be handled promptly by us. 

In the June, 1957, the first issue of SAUCER NEWS was published quarterly. Our policy will remain the same as stated, resolving any complaints that may come, in the future, through the editors. We believe that the interplanetary explanation is the most likely, but the (obscured) space ships should include the matter of the missing links, representing thousands of years of advanced progress, as some viewpoints indicate in their signed articles, whether or not they wish to be associated with the Barker or Zret (?) ideas and every controversy related to the flying saucer mystery. We will continue to publish authenticatable facts from Clarksburg, and readers interested in these books should write directly to us, at P.O. Box 228, Clarksburg, W. Va. The matter to be resolved is whether the articles published heretofore by Mr. Barker appears on Page 13 of this issue, and he will continue to contribute articles relating to his activities with, what he calls "Saucerian Bulletin," until suspended in 1957. 

After most a full year before the first issue of our magazine, then called "Saucers," our efforts gave the public their first information to the public in those early days. We are grateful to Mr. Barker that his efforts will help to solicit our SAUCER NEWS STAFF, and we feel that his efforts will help to make our magazine more interesting in the future than it has been in the past.