There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing text information only.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
FROM: AISS-CFD-289-57
SUBJECT: A.F.S.C. A13
LOCATION: Alamogordo, New Mexico

1. CONTROL: AF 13-T-28-929 
LOCATION: White Sands Proving Grounds, New Mexico
ADDRESS: US Army Garrison (Det 5)
White Sands Proving Grounds, New Mexico

CASE: 21
CLASSIFICATION: Motor Patrol, Military Police 
EDUCATION: High School Graduate
PR-3 Forest Ranger Training, 1955 (?) 
Alamogordo, N.M.
AGE: 19
OCCUPATION: Motor Patrol, Military Police
EDUCATION: High School Graduate

II. RELIABILITY OF SOURCE: Both sources interviewed by press and military personnel. The information furnished has been checked by military investigators and it is considered to be reliable. Both sources impressed the interviewer as being very observant and competent witnesses. The general credibility of both sources is rated as excellent. Their statements appear to be entirely consistent and there is no evidence of any contradiction or discrepancy in their accounts. The setting for the sighting has been verified out of all proportion to its importance.

III. SIGHTING DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING: At approximately 0.36 on Nov 27, the two (2) witnesses were on routine motor patrol in the general area of the West Impact area. The night was clear and the moon was bright, and there was little or no ground haze or ground fog. Their attention was attracted by a strange light in the sky about 10 degrees above the horizon, approximately 10 to 15 miles distant. This light appeared as two (2) bright stars at first, but as they watched, it gradually separated into two (2) distinct and separate objects which were manuvering silently and rapidly through the sky, sometimes disappearing behind scattered clouds. The moon was visible at the time, and was the ONLY source of illumination, other than this strange phenomenon. At no time did it appear to be any brighter than Venus would appear at night. The objects did not follow any set pattern or course, but appeared to be manuevering at random. On some occasions, they appeared to stop momentarily, then accelerate at a terrific speed, disappearing from sight. There was no exhaust or trail of any kind visible, nor was there any sound detected. The objects did not have a definite outline, but appeared blurred at the edges, as though surrounded by a halo or some kind of luminescence.

Sioned and sworn statement of SP-3 Henry R. Darlow to his Commanding Officer at

"On the four (4) to twelve (12) patrol, 3rd Nov 57, SP-3 DARLOW and I, SP-3 OAKES, were on routine motor patrol in the general area of the West Impact area, and saw a bright light leave the ground at an extreme high rate of speed, and disappear at a tremendous rate of speed. The light gave off no exhaust or trail of any kind, and appeared to be approximately 10 to 15 miles distant. I was reminded of the old Buck Rogers stories which I had read as a youth, and quite frankly, I was rather amazed at what we had just witnessed. SP-3 DARLOW and I discussed the matter, and decided that it would be best to report the incident to the authorities."

UNCLASSIFIED