The image does not contain any photographs. The text describes an incident where the observer witnessed several silhouettes of human figures along the highway, as well as a bright light that appeared to be a powerful floodlight projector. The text also mentions three figures that appeared to be three men standing on the highway in an immobile manner, dressed in a greyish-beige outfit. No humans are identified by name in the text.

on the route that comes from Beaumont on the way to Beaucourt-Sur-Ancre coming from church. Upon arriving at the level of the electric transformer at the turn in the highway, I had at this time of the night and at this place a generally described, therefore I was very surprised to observe a very powerful flare located on the highway.
After observing the flare I observed four silhouettes of human aspect that seemed to be blocking my way. Very strongly amazed at this arrangement/immediately struck me as being an ambush so that I jumped from my bike and ran to take cover behind the transmitter device and through a foot path and after a rather long detour I stumbled upon the house of Mr.X sister: I tapped on the window of their kitchen and they let me in and then I explained to them what had happened and what I had done.
Then all of us observed the latter from the window. Mr.& Mrs. X then Mr.X who had also passed along this route.
Through the window of our kitchen we observed all five of these humans on the open route to Miramont at less than 50 meters was a brilliant light whose color would blink on white then turn to dull red. Then so that we could see better we went to the door. The light remained more on the red than ont the white.
When it was white it appeared to be the fire of a very powerful floodlight projector and it was blinding.
This light gave a reflection to the back of it and very near this we observed three figures that appeared to be that of three men who could not measure more than 1.50 meters standing on the highway in an immobile manner. their arms hanging along side their bodies and half-hidden by the slope of the hill. They seemed to be dressed in a greyish-beige outfit and their heads seemed to be very somber coloured although we did not get a good close look at them.
An automobile passed along the open highway and the headlights of the auto let us have,for a brief instant,another look at the three,still immobile,figures.
After the automobile passed the white light reappeared but less blinding and higher