There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from what appears to be a Project Blue Book report or document.

OCR Text:

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

Detachment 10, 1006th AISS 
ANG-UFOB-779-57
DIG-UFCB-355-57 PAGE 3 OF 12

I. SOURCE: Joseph P. Long, 1st Lt., USAF, AO 2029440
Address: 311th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron,
Paine Air Force Base, Everett, Washington

(NOTE: SOURCE will be at above address after 15 Jan 58. He is presently on duty a temporary basis during a permanent-period of assignment to the 327th Fighter-Interceptor Sqdn. AESS, Paine Air Force Base. Interceptor sq. was de-activated.)

Area: 24

Occupation: 1st Lt., USAF, Interceptor Pilot

Qualifications: All-weather instrument school, flying
college including ROTC, SOURCE studied Meteorology and aerial identification for sub-sequent training, qualified 1st Lt. during World War II.

II. RELIABILITY: SOURCE appeared intelligent, and he was friendly and cooperative. He had previously sustained a notable reputation in military intercept operations and was well-received. When it became apparent to him that the interviewer received his information satisfactorily, he volunteered additional questions willingly. One minor inconsistency occurs in the report: SOURCE stated twice that the object emitted a faint red glow, yet in the narrative he stated it appeared metallic and did not seem to emit a glow. It would seem more logical had he stated it emitted a faint glow. Otherwise, his account appears straightforward and without contradictions. In the final assessment based on SCOURCEs narrative description of the incident, his commanding officer and the intelligence officer at Paine AFB consider his report to be credible and accurate.

III. SOURCES DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING: SOURCE was returning to Newcastle County Airport, Mt. Sterling, Ky. (approximate co-ordinates US AF Air Force Tactical Chart-I-C-4), on a routine 45 minute training hop in a T-33 jet aircraft, about 1830, 7 Nov 57, after penetrating the Cape Fear warning area, when he observed a bright light in the sky. This light began moving rapidly toward him, from the west at an estimated angle of 45 degrees above the horizon. He stated it appeared larger and much brighter than any star or planet he had ever observed. It moved with a rapid oscillating motion, going from right to left at varying speeds. The light proceeded to close the distance until it was only about one or two miles from his aircraft. At this point, the light suddenly assumed a stationary position, hovering directly over his aircraft. SOURCE then slowed his aircraft to approximately 250 knots in order to give him a better opportunity to observe the object. He stated it appeared metallic, round and flat in shape, about fifty (50) feet in diameter. There was no discernible trace of exhaust gases either during its rapid approach or when it hovered directly overhead. He noticed that when it appeared metallic it did not seem to emit a glow. SOURCE continued observing the object for 2 to 3 minutes when it suddenly accelerated at a fantastic rate of speed and disappeared from view toward the SE. SOURCE was unable to obtain camera coverage as his aircraft was not equipped with a gun camera. He immediately contacted the Paine AFB control tower and reported the incident. The tower confirmed that their ground radar had "painted" the object during the time of the sighting. In SOURCES own words, "It was the most incredible thing I have ever seen. It just seemed to hang there in the sky and then take off at a fantastic speed. I've never seen anything like it before and I don't know what it was."