The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed text document from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

The text reads as follows:

This incident received wide newspaper mention. The Research Section has investigated it, as special representatives of UCCR, and the following account is the result.

On March 8, 1957, Captain [REDACTED] of Airlines International, took his airliner up from Idlewild Airport, bound for San Juan, Puerto Rico. The co-pilot and the nine passengers completed the crew on Pan American Airlines flight 257. There were no passengers aboard. The flight was proceeding smoothly, with it was necessary to keep on the normal flight course in order to avoid a storm center that was forming out the Atlantic.

At 3:33 a.m. (EST) the plane was far out over the Atlantic, about 650 miles to the east of Jacksonville, Florida, flying at 19,000 feet on a south-by-east heading (between 165° and 175° true). At this point, the flight abruptly ceased and the plane went into a violent, evasive maneuver to avoid possible collision. According to the first officer's statement, a strange glow at first, although he was later uncertain about this detail. At any rate, it seemed to "come out of nowhere," and immediately assumed the appearance of a round, brilliant greenish-white "spotlight," almost as large as a full moon.

The object appeared "metallic" and was traveling at a clear, well-defined edge; Washuta described it as "rim-like" around the edge. This "rim" seemed to reflect a greenish color, while the center was a brilliant metallic. It looked like a "spotlight directed to the front of them, so that they were not looking directly into the source of the light.

The first thought was that it might be a jet interceptor with a spotlight in the nose, but the immediate reaction was that this idea was incorrect because of the brilliance of the light, and "because they (interceptors) always come at least by two - one climbing alongside of you ready for action. The other hovering a spotlight on your plane."

The object seemed to be of about airplane size, and no more than a half-mile away (an erroneous impression, as he discovered later). It was exactly level with his plane, on a collision course within 300 feet, and to the left in front of him. In a violent evasive maneuver to avoid possible collision, the pilot, according to his statement, "climbed and turned to the left in a violent evasive action." In doing so, he lost sight of the object.

(The news account reported that V.X. saw the object, while his co-pilot, who had a better view, observed that this was not so: the object was hidden from his sight by the flight wing as it lifted.)

Washuta, who was seated in the right-hand seat, had a better view of the light, and reportedly observed it for about four seconds, after which it "went out." By this time, the pilot had already put the plane into the evasive maneuver, and the light was no longer to be seen.

In the cabin, there was pandemonium. All those who had not had their seat belts fastened had the calling when the tail dropped; and three people were more or less seriously injured. The pilot immediately reported this incident to the Philadelphia, who appeared to have a broken rib; and one passenger to have a concussion, injuries unspecified.

UNCLASSIFIED