U.S. Cutter
Sees'Object'
Over Gulf

Radar Contact
Is Maintained
For 27 Minutes

Associated Press

A brilliant mystery object was reported sighted yesterday in southern skies by a Coast Guard cutter, even as Air Force special investigators checked a flurry of earlier, similar reports.

The Coast Guard cutter Sebago, cruising in the Gulf of Mexico about 200 miles south of Louisiana, radioed that an object resembling "a brilliant planet with a high rate of speed" was seen for about three seconds at 3:21 a. m. (CST).

The Sebago's message said the object was tracked on the vessel's radar screen for 27 minutes and that, during that period, the object tilted on and off the screen several times. Crewmen caught sight of it only for a few seconds.

[The Sebago radioed New Orleans/ Coast Guard Headquarters that the object was traveling at an estimated 1000 miles per hour, International News Service reported. How ever, at one point, the object appeared to slow down, stop, and hover above the waters before it resumed its erratic flight.

Strong Flip

[The cutter's captain, Cmdr. C. H. Waring, said the object first appeared on the ship's radar screen as a "good, strong pip at 3:10 a. m. and was lost in a northerly direction at 3:37.

In this time, the skipper said the object, which came as close as two miles to the vessel, was initially seen by two members of the crew. One, Ens. Wayne D. Shockley, described it as a "bright point of light with no definite shape," resembling the planet Venus. Shockley said there were no vaporous trails or other indications as to the object's method of propulsion. One estimate of its height placed it at 2000 feet.

Dr. Lincoln La Paz, of Albuquerque, N.M., rancher and member of the University of Oklahoma Board of Regents, reported that on Saturday he and five others had watched a brilliant, mysterious light that appeared to be about 100,000 feet high, magnified many, many times." The object, he said, was visible more than half an hour.]

Many Sightings

Sightings of strange objects have been reported from widely scattered sections of the United States, most of them occurring in recent months, with concentrations in the Southwest.

Reds say super fuel can power 10-hour rocket flight to moon.
Page A3