There is a photograph present in the document. Below is the OCR transcription of the text found on the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
CLASSIFICATION

SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in)

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
ORIGINATING AGENCY

REPORT NO.

PART Four

06 PAGES

D2-IJF0-2-57

AISS-KPJ03-129-57

6 of 6

Det 2, 4602d AISS

Comments of the Preparing Officer:
1. The opinion of the Preparing Officer is that these objects were 
probably ulutery aircraft for the following reasons:

a. There were numerous aircraft that could probably have been in
the area at the time of the sighting.

b. Flight Service informed investigator that aircraft flying locals
or round robins are not reported to them, therefore, all of the aircraft that
could have been in the as at the time of the sighting were not known to
them, thereby, substantiating their statement. (Pars 3, Part Three, this 
report).

c. It was possible that Sources relative position to objects night
have prevented them from observing any additional lights on them or possibly
they could have been inoperative for one reason or another.

d. Sources stated one of the objects gained altitude at a high rate 
of speed. 3-47's are capable of flying at a high rate of speed.

e. The momentary bright light observed could very well have been 
an Aldis light, operated by a crew member of a 3-47, acknowledging the signal 
given by Source when he turned his landing lights on and off.

f. After object had climbed to an altitude of 9,700 feet, Sources
stated objects slowed down to about the same speed of their aircraft. Assu-
ing that the object was probably a 3-47, the slowing down could be attributed
to the fact that he was slowing down to make contact with a tanker on a re-
fueling mission. Investigator learned that this operation is performed at 
approsendately 120 to 200 miles per hour. Second object was probably the 
same thing on the same type of mission.

LA VERNE W. POLAND
Captain, USAF
Commander, Det 2

Comments of the Approving Officer:

1. Concur with the conclusion of the Preparing Officer that this sighting 
was probably caused by mititary aircraft.

2. It must be noted that a discrepancy in time exists in the reports. 
The summary of the report lists the time of sighting as 2135 CST. This time 
was obtained from the original report of the sighting {See References). This 
time, inasmuch as it was reported the day of the sighting, is presumed to be 
the correct one. The times of sighting given by the Sources treated in Parts
One and Two cannot be reconciled by this organization.

ED JOHN W. MEADOR
Colonel, USAF
Commander

WARNING. This document contains information affecting the national dufense of the United States within the meaning of the 
Espionage Laws, Title 18, U.S. C., Sections 793 and 791 The transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to a 
unauthorized person is prohibited by law. Information so classified may be imparted only to 
persons, only in the interest of national defensol the performance of official duties to persons i the service of the United 
States and must be so treated. any manner prejudicial to the interest of the United States of America without prior 
determination In writing of its unclassified status by competent authority of the United States Government may be considered 
an unauthorized disclosure.

AF Farm 112a

CLASSIFICATION

nETs wHICHHAY BEL

UNCLASSIFIED
```