The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

SUMMARY
(Analysis of Reports of Unidentified Aerial Objects)

Reports of unidentified aerial objects (popularly termed "flying saucers" or "flying discs") have been received by the U.S. Air Force since mid-1947 from many and diverse sources. Although there was no evidence that the unexplained reports of unidentified objects constituted a threat to the security of the United States, the Air Force determined that all reports of unidentified aerial objects should be investigated and evaluated so that any pattern or trend inherent in the data could be discovered. 

In order to discover any pertinent trend or pattern inherent in the data, and to evaluate or explain any trend or pattern found, appropriate methods of scientific appraisal were employed. In general, the original data, upon which this analysis was based, contained a few well-described and factual reports, but a majority were found to be vague, sketchy, and indefinite, being composed of fragmentary reports of UNKNOWNS, reports of relatively improbable events, and seldom contained reliable measurements or major limitations to the drawing or significant conclusions; but did not involve any applications of scientific methods of study.

The reports received by the U.S. Air Force on unidentified aerial objects were reduced to IBM punched card abstracts of data by means of logically developed forms and standardized evaluation procedures. Evaluation of the various characteristics of the reports for statistical treatment consisted of an appraisal of the reports and the catalogization of the object or objects described in each report. A detailed description of this study, together with the original texts of the reports, is maintained in the files of the Air Technical Intelligence Center. 

Analysis of the refined and evaluated data derived from the original reports of sightings consisted of (1) a systematic attempt to ferret out any distinguishing characteristics inherent in the data of any of the UNKNOWNS, (2) a concentrated study of any trend or pattern found, and (3) an assessment of the probability of the UNKNOWNS representing observations of technological developments not known to this country.

The first step in the analysis of the data revealed the existence of certain apparent similarities in the categories of objects definitely identified and those not identified. Statistical methods were employed to determine the probability that any of the UNKNOWNS represented observations of technological developments not known to this country.

MORE