There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a scanned newspaper article with the headline "Weird 'Thing' To Be Probed By Air Force" and a detailed article describing a "Sun-Like Mystery Object" that was sighted near atomic bunkers.

Boston Daily Record, tuesday, november 5, 1957: 5
Weird 'Thing' To Be Probed By Air Force  
Washington (AP)- Reports of a huge, mysterious lighted object, shaped like a disc and hovering over a nuclear weapons site have been turned over to the Air Force for investigation, it was disclosed today.   
A bright, orange-yellow object was reported near Levelland, Texas, about 3:00 a.m. Monday. Two women, on guard duty at an atomic installation near there, said the object appeared to be as large as a house and was about 200 feet in the air. They said it cast a bright glow around the area and shone like the sun.  
They said the object remained hovering there for about an hour and 15 minutes, and then went up into the sky at a high rate of speed. Other persons in the vicinity also reported seeing the object.  
There have been numerous similar sightings reported the last few days in the area of Levelland, about 30 miles west of Lubbock, Tex.  
Interviews were made with the two women by representatives of the Tactical Air Command at nearby Reese Air Force base.   
Air Force officials said that the object sighted is apparently the same one that has been reported in many parts of the country in recent weeks. They said a full investigation is under way to determine the nature of the mysterious object.

INQUIRY ON AIR OBJECT
The Air Force is carefully investigating reports that a strange, lighted object was spotted near an atomic weapons site in Texas over the weekend.  
Military and civilian officials at Reese Air Force Base near Levelland, Tex., interviewed eye witnesses who said the object hovered about 200 feet in the air for over an hour early Monday morning.  
The Air Force said it would make every effort to get to the "bottom of this" and determine the nature of the mystery object.