There is no photograph present on the page.

OCR text output:

---

42 THE KEARNEY INCIDENT

"San Francisco, Cal, (AP)—The Pan American Strato-cruiser Romanace of the Skies was carrying shipments of chemicals and ‘radio- active’ materials when it crashed in the Pacific, killing all 44 persons aboard, a Civil Aeronautic Board hearing was told Wednesday.

"The huge airliner, bound from San Francisco to Honolulu mysteriously plunged into the ocean about midway between the two points last November 8. Only 19 bodies were recovered.

"The first witness before the sev- en-man hearing panel was David L. Thompson, Santa Monica, Cal., head of the team of CAB investigators who have spent the last two months seeking clues from the wreckage.

"Mr. Thompson said one thing certain was that the plane had burned after it struck water.

"Mr. Thompson said the plane carried a shipment of ‘yellow label sodium sulfite restricted cargo pack- ed’ in accordance with ICC regula- tions.'

"In addition, he said, there was ‘White label radioactive material’ aboard the plane.

"Mr. Thompson offered no solu- tion to one of the prime mysteries of the tragedy - the riddle of why the crewmen were unable to send a distress message in the 23 minutes from the time it last gave a position to the time it struck water."

I cannot say that this information is the complete answer to that question. Nevertheless, it gives us something to think about, and I wonder if that wasn't the real pur- pose of their questions anyway. As to the other two questions, that is something for each of us to answer for ourselves too.

As a friend of mine says, "A good teacher asks the students questions to make them think."

During the latter part of April,

1958, I attended a meeting in Tulsa, Oklahoma. After the meeting a group of us were sitting in the hotel coffee shop when one of the space people came in and asked us out- side the hotel, and we drove out toward the spot where the spacecraft had landed. We went approximately six miles down the highway, then turned off the pavement onto a country road. Almost immediately a beam of light shot out from the ship, which was sitting nearby, and the driver of the car then followed the beam, went up onto the ramp, and we were soon inside the ship.

I remained inside the craft with the space people for about two hours, during which they told me several things which I do not yet have per- mission to reveal to the public.

I spent a part of the month of June buying grain in Nebraska and Colorado. While in Denver I was again contacted. This time they asked me if I would like to go with them to the Arctic Circle some time in Au- gust. I answered that I would drop all my work in order to go with them. I then asked why they had chosen the Arctic Circle. They replied, Let's just say for an educa- tional purpose."

On August 14, 1958, while in my Hollywood apartment, one of the space men came again. He said they were ready to leave for the Arctic Circle and if I was ready they would take off that evening. I told them I would have to make a few telephone calls first, and asked where they wished to pick me up. They instruct- ed me to drive down to my quarry (I have a rock quarry on Highway
6, about forty miles north of Mo- have).

The region around the quarry is rather desolate and I suggested that I would put my car in a garage as I did not wish to leave it there. They said, "No, take your car and drive