The image does not contain a photograph. It is a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AERIAL BALLET OVER CINCINNATI
May 24, 1957- The following sight-seeing incident is sent to us by our friend and colleague, John Stiregile, of Cincinnati:

"I want to tell you about an aerial ballet which our family witnessed over Cincinnati. We were driving in our car to the home of friends who live in Hartcourt, in eastern Cincinnati, about 7:15 p.m. The sun was low on the horizon. I spotted first, to the northwest, numerous vapor trails; they were in no kind of parallel patterns but seemed in converging, looping and forming S-curves. They were all in the same quadrant of the sky. Apparently an aerial ballet was taking place. 

I stopped the car and we watched this intensely, for about 7 minutes. The ballet moved swiftly, and I saw clearly a silvery, spherical object in the center of the trails, though I could also see the trail of the vapor. The object appeared stationary, while the trails were in motion. The object left no trails of vapor, while the jets surrounding it were leaving long, twisting trails.

I continued observing - whilst I could also see the jets from their speed apparently approaching Settie Road, where our friends live. I saw clearly a silvery, spherical objected as though it were the center of the ballet, though I cannot say if the latter were at full throttle. When we got to our friend's home, I could still see similar vapor trails in the sky, but nothing else.

The aerial ballet had centered mainly in the dry north section of Cincinnati. Wright, of our Sales Department, came down to my office voluntarily to describe what he had seen. He described the UFO in detail, looking like a silvery, spherical object, and he said he could distinguish the jets easily, and said he believed he counted at least seven in number. He added that most of the show too confusing to relate, but he clearly remembered one occasion when the jets closed in and the UFO receded or maneuvered in such a way that it eluded them easily. Visited this site described another maneuver; the UFO was stationary and when jets closed in in pairs, it shot away to and so on, leading the jets approached to interfere. He added that it was a direct, horizontal reversal course. Wright was certain that it was a direct, horizontal reversal course. 

Both Wright and I guessed that the performance took place at about 25,000 feet. We agreed that the apparent size of the object was larger than the jets, perhaps twice as large. On the same morning that I got Wright's report, I heard on the Air Force Center in Columbus; they took my report, but denied any UFO activity the evening before."