The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed document.

The text in the document is as follows:

No Case (Information Only)                                    10 May 1957
Beauconst-sur-l'Ancre, France

Thanks to Michel's personal inquiries, our account of this case was not based entirely on newspaper stories and accounts in various French newspapers. Several additional points from the Durands article are of special interest. However, for example, the photograph originally published showing how close the road is to the window is of no value to us, since the "red-and-white-lighted 'object'" and the three silhouettes of the "little men" walking silhouettes and motionless on the road. Their sighting is concealed below this thin-level by the roadside. (During part of the time the figures moved about, with a "horizontal" fall, the witnesses Michaud.) 

A second interesting fact is that there was another, anonymous, observer of the scene. While there was neither photograph the evidence was inconclusive, the witnesses continued to get a glimpse of the little men. But still no photographs appear to have been taken, the exact nature of this craft remains unknown.

Curanas also discloses that the official "explanation" of the incident, attributed to it by the mayor - lieutenant of Aulchy and that the "little men" were the cows she had gone into the field to inspect. But when the witnesses saw, by using a lantern in the field, demonstrated that no such confusion was possible. Nor did the little men correspond. Witnesses emphasized, when interviewed by Mrs. Thicollin, exhibited incidence statements, emphatically that the neighbors admitted the witnesses-hibited some interest, and told the police, "and gave the impression that he felt that they were hiding something."

Finally, Thicouin obtained an interesting report about the next night (May 11-12) from an elderly couple, the wife about 70 years from the landing-place on the road. On the night of May 10 the couple had been asleep and saw nothing. But on the night of May 11 to the three stages on the road. He was strange light, the size of the full moon, shining in a field about 80 yards away. It was silent and did not go to the window and saw it disappear suddenly, as if behind a cloud. The curious carry, elastic "plaques" sound on the road, around the circumference of the object was remarkable. E analysis in dimension: were identified as Trampton. Used in road-mending," but no one could suggest how they came to be there.
tests made by Thicouin were less conclusive than those made by Cauet la Vine, since it Maucomfort all the iron stakes along the roadway attracted the needles strongly.