The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document. There is no photograph or image visible in the document. The text appears to be a detailed analysis of a UFO sighting that occurred on May 2, 1957 at Edwards Air Force Base in California.

DETAILED ANALYSIS OF EDWARDS AFB BASE UFO SIGHTING - 2 MAY 57

a. It is difficult to understand why it was decided to photograph an object that was in sight for allmost 20 minutes, and the it was a mere speck in the sky.

b. Both observers state object 5,000 feet away when first seen, and approximately 60 miles away when last seen. A photo analysis based on the image size shows the object had a diameter of 30 to 40 feet, and was seen at distances up to 60 miles. This shows that an object must be a minimum of 52 feet in diameter to be seen even as a speck at that distance.

c. Using a more realistic distance, 9 to 12 miles, the object would need to be a minimum of 5 to 7 feet in diameter. This correlates with the diameter of the balloon actually released. (Analyzed on the photography as attached - see inclosure 75).

d. It would be noted that practically half of the image sizes are over a foot at their longest dimension. Plotting a number of points along the 6 by 9 inch frame, down to 5 inches, indicates the minimum object size discernable ranges from approximately 80 feet to 6 feet. This correlates well with the data shown that the object size observed AFB was 50-90 feet (see paragraph 2f(2) above).

e. A study of 25 consecutive enlargements reveal that the tiny white object alternatively changes from elliptical (described as a disc by observers) to round in shape. The changing shapes are considered the results of optical illusions or distortion, caused by turbulent air masses. It should be noted that the sun was due east at this time and not too far above the horizon. The effects of specular reflection of light on rounded surfaces is well known. Weird and unusual appearances can be created.

f. Comments Regarding Sources: Consistent with the principles of concern on this subject in any UFO analysis or conclusions, the following points are considered:
a. Inconsistencies

(1) In their personal report as given in the UFO questionnaire, both observers state the object was a blurry (luminous) of 75 degrees when first seen, and when it disappeared.
(2) The UFO report from Edwards AFB quotes the observers as saying that they first observed the object at a nearer distance of 5,000 feet, but it was still circular and clear in outline. This contradicts the questionnaire statement (1) above.
(3) In both the official UFO report and their questionnaire, they stated that the object was the size of a basketball held at arm's