There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text.

UFO Case File - Incident, 23 Nov 57 - Tonopah, Nevada
Principal - 1st Lt Joseph F. Long - AD 3026360
Analyst's Comments Regarding Possible Reasons For Source Manufacturing:
1. Officer has reserve status. Will be eligible for discharge in future.
2. His academic training and education appears to be speech, dramatics, etc. For TV work.
3. It is assumed that upon completion of his prescribed "Reserve Tour" he will associate himself with TV work - either as a writer, editor, commentator etc.
4. If he has kept his thumb on TV's pulse, he knows the great public interest in "flying saucers" and "UFOs" - and the number of TV presentations on this subject.
5. Interrogation brought out that he is familiar with names of prominent authors and schemes of action which they have given on panel 11 as earth-made vehicles. The arguments given by a number of these authors regarding "flying saucers" or their attempts to prove that they are not earth-made vehicles.
6. Source is therefore not considered to be unaware of the lucrative opportunity and the sensational interest in his suddenly appearing on a TV presentation as a commentator (as is Kenneth Arnold), as a writer of a "flying saucer" eye-witness first person story, or as a guest lecturer or other TV program. He cannot lose: whether civilian or military he is qualified to speak on the only qualified observer, an Air Force pilot, to have seen and made an actual near contact with flying saucers - a "recently experienced up close" etc.
7. Therefore there may be other motives for source manufacturing such a story on the details of the above known facts; this is one motive that cannot be disregarded. Investigator lacks a cardinal rule in handling this case (see page 10, of IR) although the great length and pain to interrogate source and obtain detailed statements and opinions, not a single check was made on local facilities to determine if any aircraft was reported or observed in that area at that time by any person other than the source. This omission is now attributed by me for your consideration.

G. M. GREGORY
Captain, USAF
4 February 1958