There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book containing a typed narrative account.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR (optical character recognition) system and produce all the text found in the document:

CIVIL Defense meeting to interview Lt.
Mr. R. and Mr. B. arrived in Chedron, 3, 30 P.M. and were met by Col. H. L. O. Berriges and Lt D. C. of the Air Rescue Service at which time the personnel of Station H B B - T V of Columbia, Ohio, were interviewed.
They interviewed Mr. S. The Sheriff and Mr. L. the under Sheriff.
The object was sighted at 6:30 p.m. May 7, 1957. Received by Cpl. J. Shahn, Sherry Hill, Texas, phone and address unknown, Lt. D. C. O arrived in Chedron, 3, on the evening of May 7, 1957.
The object was round in shape, and was observed for about 45 minutes, It appeared to be about 15 feet in diameter at a distance of 5 to 8 miles, and was a bright red or pink color, not quite as bright as a weld- light. It appeared to be an object of some sort hovering above the ground, and when it would disappear it would blink out rather than fade out.
Witness Mr. S. the Sheriff, stated he was coming from Tularosa toward his home when he sighted the object. The other landing did a steady fast move upward and then Blinked out. When it reap peared, it was a steady pink or red color and appeared to be about 15-20 feet in diameter, and hovered from 5 to 8 miles away. He should have a witness to what he saw. He returned to his car and drove to the scene with Mr. L. the under sheriff.
Upon arriving at the scene they found the object was gone. They returned to the scene later and found it again, hovering about the same place.
Mr. S. was then asked as to the color, and shape and nature of this object. He stated, that the color was a bluish-green color, much like the same color as a welder's torch. Its shape was round and it appeared to hover above the ground about 15-20 feet in diameter. There was no noise nor did it appear to have any means of propulsion. It gave off a phosphorescent glow, or a measure electrically in the home.