There is one photograph present in the document. It is a sketched map depicting various constellations and the relative positions of planets as they appear in the night sky on May 5. The map is marked with stars and lines connecting them to show the constellations. It includes names of the constellations and planets.

Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

---

250

SCIENCE NEWS LATER for April 20, 1957

ASTRONOMY

Comet Remains Visible

Bright comet shares honors in the sky with four planets. A fifth planet, Mercury, will be visible as it crosses the sun’s surface on May 5, one of 14 transits this century.

By JAMES STOKLEY

> AREND-ROLAND COMET, most con- spicuous visitor of this kind since 1910, which came into view in mid-April, may - still be seen in the western sky on May evenings (See p. 249).

Rapidly drawing away from the sun, it is fading in brightness and by the end of May it will no longer be visible to the naked eye. To see it then it should still be possible to pick it up with a pair of binoculars.

At the beginning of May the comet will be in the northwest, just above the constel- lation of Perseus, between the bright star Capella and the W-shaped group of stars marking Cassiopeia.

After that it will move up toward Ursa Major, the great bear, passing to the left of the dippers (these two stars in the great dipper which indicate the direction of the pole star) during June.

The path is indicated on the accompanying maps, which show the brighter stars and planets as they will appear about 10:00 p.m. y our own kind of standard time in the mid- dle of May, and hour earlier in the middle of the month, and two hours earlier at the end.

Other Bright Planets

In addition to the comet, two planets will be shining brightly’ during May even- ings. A third will be seen only low on the whole toward the end of the month, hug- ging low in the west as the sun closes.

Jupiter is the brightest of these. It stands high in the south, a little east of the me- ridian as the sun sets on May 1. After that it remains bright right through the month. Jupiter, of magnitude minus two on the astronomical brightness scale, is in the eastern edge of the constellation of the lion, between the bright star Regulus and Virgo, the virgin.

Saturn, the second planet, considerably fainter, but still comparable to a bright star, is low in the southeast, in Ophiuchus, the serpent-bearer.

The third planet is Mars, to the northwest j of Gemini, the twins. This planet has now  |   faded so far away that it resembles a star and will be small and indistinct unless a telescope makes it gleam better.

Venus, the fourth planet, is just shown on the map. on May 1, it passed behind the sun and will be, therefore, invisible. By May it will have emerged on the far side of the sun that it will remain above the

horizon for nearly half an hour after sun- set, and will still be difficult to see.

By the end of May, almost an hour will elapse after the sun has gone down before Venus follows. Then, perhaps, you may be- gin to get a glimpse of the planet, very low in the west, at dusk.

Brightest May evening star is Vega, in Lyra, the lyre, in the northeast sky. Be- tween it and Cygnus, the swan, is the star Deneb, another body whose light is dimmed because of its low altitude.

High in the south, around Jupiter, are several bright stars. To the right is Regulus, part of Leo. This star, is in a smaller group called the Sickle, with Regulus at the end of the handle, which points downward. To the left of Jupiter, in Virgo, stands the bright star of Spica.

Above, to the bear-driver, Arcturus is the brightest star in this group.

Low in the southeast, near Saturn, is another star of the first magnitude, Antares, in Scorpius, the scorpion. This, too, is greatly dimmed because it is so near the horizon.

Low in the west are a few of the bright constellation of winter, now making their last stand before they disappear for the summer months. There are Castor and Pollux in Gemini, the group in which Mars appears. To the right are Auriga, the charioteer, with Capella. Canis Minor, the lesser dog, stands to the left, with Procyon as its brightest star.

Of the five planets that are ever visible to the naked eye, four will be seen, though perhaps with a little difficulty, during May. Mercury is the only missing one. The fifth is Mercury, and although it will not appear in the evening sky, it will also

be visible during the month—but visible in a peculiar way.

Mercury circles around the sun once every 88 days, called its sidereal period, that is its period of revolution with respect to the distant stars. However, it takes a longer time to catch up to the earth.

Between that sun and earth date, Mercury is twopence owed around us. By the time it has made one revolution, 88 days later, the earth has moved nearly a quarter of the way around its orbit. Consequently, it takes 116 days, which is called its synodic period, he able to see it again in the same direction from the sun in conjunction with the sun, as it is called. A few weeks before it gets there it has been to the east of the sun, and after it has managed to be west, before sunset, and after sunset.

Generally after each conjunction, Mercu- ry does not come precisely between sun and earth, but rather it is north or south of the line from our planet to the sun. But during the many few occasions try, it can pass right in front of the sun, as we view it, producing what is called a transit.

Transit of Mercury

Such an event occurs on May 5. It will take about two hours for the planet to pass completely across the solar disc. From the northern part of noon in the United States, it cannot be seen. Out of the east of the country, the sun will set well where the transit is just beginning. In the far west the transit will pass We but visible for the entire term.

Mercury is much smaller than the sun, and at the time of the transit, appears only about 1/160th of the same. Meansol tiny that it cannot be seen, as it crosses sun’s face, without some telescope aid. The changing formation of text May

Of course, one should never look at the our directly—particularly not with a tele May 4 observer to be sure about proper

MAY

5

CANEVS VENATICI URSAA CO N A MINOR URSAA PLANET MERCURY CANACER \MAJOR DRACO LE NOBREMISES LIBRA OPHIACUS scorpios -USGA CENTAURAS OX

EAST

WERT)

> +4

* SYMBOLS FOR STARS IN ORDER OF BRIGHTNESS

---

Note: The OCR output may contain some inaccuracies due to imperfections in recognizing text from the scanned document.