The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing the diagrammatic representation of a UFO sighting. The text on the page describes the verbal and pictorial description of the sighting, including details about the object's appearance, trajectory, and relationship to known landmarks in the sky.

The text in the document is as follows:

3. EXAMPLE OF DIAGRAM USE:

a. Verbal Description of Example Sighting: Object was first sighted in the southwest about half-way up from the horizon to zenith. Its shape or outline was hazy, but appeared round and about the size of a pea (at arm's length) from where observer stood. It hovered in one spot but brightened considerably for about two minutes - it crossed to the western part of the sky a little to the north of overhead. I could discern its lighter forward and smaller rear color appeared yellowish white. The light went dim when it got two-thirds of the way to the horizon. It then disappeared and climbed rapidly, going toward the southwest and getting brighter. In less than thirty seconds it disappeared from sight, climbing to and then sharply descending out of approximately 60 degrees.

b. Pictorial Description of the Sighting: By referring to the example sheet, notice how simply the above sighting can be portrayed and described, without words. On the example diagram the object is sketched here: Bearing 135 degrees (southeast) and elevation 45 degrees (slightly up from the horizon) at 10:15 PM (military time), 22:25) and then about two minutes later was at bearing 225 degrees (southwest) and elevation 2-3 degrees (close to the horizon). The use of the dotted line to indicate its path in the western part of the sky. The time indication along the path shows its speed (the length of the meridian (the north-south overhead line), the hovering for 1 minute, and the ascent to 30 seconds to the disappearance, arc all shown with a broken line). Thus, the entire sighting can be represented nearly on one diagram.