There is no photograph present in this document page. The document appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text discussing UFO phenomena reported by radar units, as well as mentions of new radar aircraft and "flying saucers". The text also discusses temperature inversions causing ground objects to appear as airborne objects, and advises that many swept-back and delta-wing aircraft can appear as unusual flying objects under certain weather conditions. The document also references "annual meteoric showers" and provides instructions to modify the text in the document.

localities subject to unusual, turbulent or suddenly changeable weather conditions. Such conditions are generally conclusive to anamolous propagation (See Fig 4 and 5).

3. Ten years experience in the investigation and analyses of the 
UFO phenomena reported by radar units, has disclosed numerous 
instances where both airborne and ground radar units have observed
what apparently were objects in the air, and found to have actually 
been ground objects. This was caused by temperature inversions
(See Figs 7, 8 and 9).

Page 8 
NEW FLYING OBJECTS: Suggest 1st paragraph be changed to read:
There are two new radar aircraft now in existence which to the 
uninitiated may appear as unidentified flying objects or so-called
"flying saucers", because of saucer-shaped radar antennas that are
affixed to their fuselage (See Fig 6 - WF-2 Radar Aircraft, and
the Radar Super Constellation).

Page 9
It should be strongly emphasized that many swept-back and delta-
wing aircraft can appear as weird and unusual flying objects, 
particularly when observed under adverse weather or light conditions
(See Figs. 10 and 11, Block of Aircraft Photos). The Air Force is
in daily receipt of UFO reports describing "flying saucer" objects, 
which upon investigation are found to be aircraft of the configuration
discussed here.

Page 16
METEORS: 1st paragraph, 5th line. Change "24,000,000 meteors" to
read "approximately 200,000,000 meteors."
Add separate paragraph on "annual meteoric showers", substantially