The image contains a newspaper article with the title "RECORD ASCENT "Lovely Up There," 2 Balloonists Say". The article discusses the record-breaking high-altitude flight of two balloonists, Central Lewis (D.) and Rose, who claimed to have reached an altitude of over 76,000 feet, much higher than they had anticipated. The article includes details about their ascent and descent, as well as photographs showing the balloons during the flight.

RECORD ASCENT 
"Lovely Up There," 2 Balloonists Say
RAPID CITY, S. D., Nov. 5. - (UP) - With a record ascension of more than 14 miles to their credit, two balloonists rested today after their daring trip - and told their story to earth. 
Central Lewis (D.) and Rose, of South Dakota and Nebraska, said they had reached 76,000 feet - faster than they had anticipated.
"Lovely up there," they said, "we think we will stay with the balloon as long as we can." 
They related how, from an altitude of 75,000 feet, they saw "the whole world black and the horizon sharply defined." They reported seeing both the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans and Lake Superior.
The remarkable ascent occurred on Aug. 16, but the story of their venture was not made public until today. Their balloon went up from Rapid City, S. D., and they descended two hours and 20 minutes later near Cody, Wyoming.
However, Capt. Ivan G. Kincheloe, Jr., a U. S. Air Force test pilot, said the previous flight was an unofficial record set last August at Edwards Air Force Base, Cal.
UP AT 75,000 FEET, the two men said, "It was dark as night." They reported their oxygen equipment worked perfectly and the temperature remained comfortable.
They said they did not realize their altitude at first, indicating an instrument which should have shown their height up to 50,000 feet was showing only 45,000 feet. It was after checking other instruments that they learned they had soared higher than their instruments could fully record. 
Then they started descending, getting down to 45,000 feet in just 20 minutes - faster than they had anticipated. 
"Something happened - we don't know what," they said, "and then we started descending again and our rate of descent increased." 
Rose and Lewis said they didn't know what - and their fall rates of 4,000 feet a minute that caused them to hit the ground with a tremendous impact. However, they said, "it was nothing we couldn't handle."