The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document with text content only.

Text output:

STATEMENT

16 December 1957

A2C Davidson requested that I bring the binoculars and accompany him to view the object reported by some USAF men at this site. When I first viewed the object, I was impressed by the exceptional brightness of the object and the unusual way it glowed. The object appeared to be approximately 20째9 or 23째9 in reference to Chitose. I first viewed this object at approximately 0054, 16 December 1957. As I continued the observation, the object and it continued to grow in size and brightness, was heading toward me (the observer determined by position of object in reference to the distinguishable lights on a distant mountain). As the object approached a position approximately 20 or 25 degrees above the horizon, the glow completely surrounding the object. The object never went more than approximately 25째9 or 25째9 from directly above. The object reached its maximum and size at approximately 0932. At this same time a message was relayed to me that the object did in fact diminish in size and brilliance, turn reddish and blink out. The object reappeared and its size and brightness very rapidly. The object was reported to have been varying in little more than 20 feet. I could not observe visually any change in the object's location (azimuth or altitude) except by its position relative to certain lights and landmarks observed. I watched the object until 12 December 1957. After 12 December the glow could no longer be observed. I lost complete visual contact with the object at 0952Z, 12 December 1957.
I feel quite confident that what I observed to be the only star in the sky on my way to work tonight (0732, 12 December 1957). In the same general direction from Hughes as the above mentioned object, was the object mentioned at lights were not distinguishable in the sky and there was no low cloud cover to obscure them. The object was not blinking and there was no trail or exhaust visible.

ROBERT L. WRIGHT 
2nd Lt, USAF
Charlie Crew

Classification Cancelled