This page from the Project Blue Book document contains a detailed description of an observation of a strange light phenomenon, but does not include any photographs. The text describes the sequence of events, including the appearance and disappearance of a bright light, the investigation by the observers, and the physical traces left on the ground. However, there is no image or photograph included on this particular page.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed:

After the automobile passed, the white light reappeared but less blinding and slightly above the level of the highway. We watched it shine in the sky at approximately a 45° angle towards the North-East approximately towards it.
Chantelain and without a single sound made. This all took place at approximately 11:15. The light started to fade. But approximately 15 minutes later, it once again appeared high in the sky above the church (to the North-East). 
It seemed that as it flew away, its brightness diminished. Soon we lost sight of it.
Towards the end of the observation, I went to the station behind the house to warn my colleague who was still on duty (Mr. _____). He promptly joined us and observed the light taking flight.
We called the police in Albert and approximately a half-hour later, they arrived. We accompanied them on the highway right to the place where we had seen the light and the beings.
There, we were all surprised upon encountering the presence, on the highway, of approximately 12 different sets of forms. These were all of different dimensions and widths and black as the casting of costly tar. This was divided along the periphery of a circular area of approximately 3 to 4 centimeters in diameter and had a width of one centimeter. This soft substance was slightly sticking to the ground and we were able to remove it by rolling it on itself as if it were crepe paper. It had no trace of circulation except that of the tire mark of an auto that was probably the auto that we had seen pass during the time we were observing the other phenomenon, and I now refer to that auto that appeared approximately 10 minutes after the light disappeared.
The next few days, these traces were flattening, they also stretched and adhered to the ground, and it was then impossible to remove any more of this substance.
This substance was not tar because it had a slight stool odor. The five other witnesses, Mrs. _____, Mr. and Mrs. _____, Mr. _____ and ...