The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, an official US Air Force program investigating UFO reports.

be found. After a few minutes in the village the news of our arrival made those that knew anything "flee" and the others only regarded us with suspicion. In other words already indicated by the press,radio and television after 40 hours the witnesses had gone in hiding in a near hill. Mr. _____ was working that day in a bauxite mine and therefore did not have any reason to also "go into hiding".

During our "search" of the witnesses, a front wheel drive Citroen automobile had stopped in the village square. The warrant officer (or comparable rank) of the gendarmerie police station followed by another officer, and after some time they came down from the automobile and made their way towards me ..... to come and supervise my investigation!

At the very first, the Corporal peremptorily declared that the apparatus in question - the "teleguide" -most likely came from the base on the 'Isle of Levant. I contested this affirmation explaining to him that no country or nation had an aircraft that could in absolute silence I also explained to the Corporal that if the signal poles could vibrate with such an amount of noise near the apparatus,this probably indicated that they had been taken into the general magnetic field of the propellers. General scepticism. I then offered to go and investigate the place that this occurred to see if there were any magnetic traces remaining.

Sceptical but intrigued my interlocutors agreed.

Our "GRV" followed their front wheel drive Citroen and we arrived at the place where the apparatus had landed the first time on Route D 24. There in the presence of the police officers who,on my orders,were attentively watching and observing my experiment, I proximated my compass against the body frame of the "GRV" and was made aware of the amplitude of the deviation of the needle,approximately 5 degrees. And then I placed my compass to the right of the apparatus: the apparatuswas supposed to have landed. The result was negative in relation to any trace of magnetic activity.

But at 5 meters from this point,where the signal poles had been (1/1 on the diagram) it made the needle on my compass slip approximately 5 centimeters thus making a deviation of 15 degrees! Let us remember that the mass of the Renault had only made the FIFI--- 54 -912/1-2 4.