This document contains no photographs.

**OCR Output:**

ICE FIELDS

METALLURGY

Metal Alloy Makes
Powerful Magnets

A SUPERIOR magnetic alloy, called Supercunducton, has been developed from iron, cobalt and vanadium, H. L. L. Gould and D. H. Wern of Bell Telephone Laboratoics, Inc., Murray Hill, N. J., report in Electrical Engineering (March).

Its exceptional physical and magnetic properties give it higher than standard test in which the alloy established six new records for heavy weights and showed three others for part of the range of metal.

It can increase the power output of a transmitter coil by 30%, and promises use of a wide range of transformers, high-frequenuture applications, memory devices and telephone receiver diaphragms, they state.

Magnetic injectors using the alloy and designed to be made in July, and still furthells sure output. With proper stack rings, electro magnets can be formed well solid in eds, and reduce the number of amplifier from-fitration from two to one, and make further lithgraphatis output massive.

The alloy is particularly valuable because it can be cold rolled like other soft magnetic materials. The thin gauges that are especially suited to modern requirements, the engineers state.

Science News Lelter, March 23, 1957

MEDICINE

Large Number of Dope
Addicts Among Doctors

ENOUGH DOCTORS to equal the en output of one of the country's 76 medical schools turn into dope addicts every year, Er. J. DeWitt Fox, Detroit, Mich., reports in the Journal of the Michigan State Medical Society (Feb.).

Warning all doctors not to overlook the menace in their own medical bags, Dr. Fox quotes Dr. Harris Isbell, director of the U. S. Public Health Service Hospital for addicts in Lexington, Ky., as saying that a survey a few years ago which a physician who is an addict must be known as addicted to our institution."

Since Deperdina, a newer pain killing drug, made a career and-and even 10 new dope addicts take to it rather than morphine, Dr. Fox reports.

These addicted falls into three classes; through are alcoholics physician who declares they where it on with past; direct towards more good hospital originating addicted doctors nocis other doctors suffering from pain it disease; and the overdo perfect physical fitness who, even without these other several night lit-a common of the fall, says he knows, in the which he cannot of his care few.

Science News Letter, March 23, 1957
185

PUBLIC HEALTH

Daily Requirements of
Two B Vitamins Change

NEW "minimum daily requirements" for two of the B vitamins were proposed by the Food and Drug Administration in Washing-ton.

The proposed regulation would set a new minimum daily requirement for niacin for the first time at 10 milligrams. It would also reduce the adult minimum daily requirement for riboflavin from two milli-grams to one milligram.

The minimum daily requirements help protect consumers from exaggerated and misleading claims of the vitamin content of their tables on foods and drugs. When a food label claims a health vitamin pill contains a particular vitamin, the food is required to give just this basic by how much of the vitamin contains. Label the product which consumer in daily preferred unit supplies for adults and children of different ages.

The first minimum. 1941. This been regulation has an important of use in human nutrition, but ten and twelve miles been during recent years until in this been once how being reached.

Dr. E. M. Nelson, Food and Drug Ad-ministration, and duties proposed that, with the weasel said, adults for the other cons on growing in riboflavin.

To nig is important of that it film was set at two milligrams in 1941, Dr. Nelson said, but this was based upon rather limited evidence and with no riboflavinoids in disease caused due to little riboflavin in the diet.

Nutrition at this evidence are now generally agreed that the daily requirement may be met by one-half that amount one milligram.

Science News Letter, March 23, 1957

PUBLIC HEALTH

TB Among Students
Shows Sharp Decline

IN THE PAST 15 years, the incidence of active and arrested cases of tuberculosis among college students has dropped off sharply.

This result is shown in a survey con-ducted at the University of California at Los Angeles.

The survey was conducted in the Student Health Service under the direction of Dr. Gertrude Huberty through a grant from the Los Angeles County Tuberculosis As-sociation.

Tuberculin skin reaction tests were given to more than 2,100 entering students last spring. Reactions were correlated with chest X-ray results. Nineteen percent of the group had positive reactions. Only two of this group were found to be active cases.

A similar survey in 1940-41 resulted in 42% shot positive tests, positive in 1944-47 showed 65% positive tests.

The lower figures of positives in the latter survey appear to be the result, partly, of the large influx of veterans, many of whom served in areas where exposure to disease was frequent.

"Moderne medication of tuberculosis treatment are so effective that students with active disease do not last full semesters," Dr. Huberty says. "They may return to their semester and complete their educations on an noncontagious status."

Science News Letter, March 23, 1957

MEDICINE

Temperature Affects Loss
Of Injured Nerve Fiber

A SMALL RISE IN TEMPERATURE can greatly increase the degeneration of animal nerve fibers after they are injured, Drs. H. J. Gamble, F. Goldby and G. M. R., King's Mary's Hospital Medical School, reported in Nature (March 9).

This temperature effect is important be-cause it may offer one mechanism for investigating pathways and connections in the nervous system. It also provides a method of degenerations that takes place after experi-ment. By section. Its extension to from how much time must appear before it can be assumed that the surviving nerve fiber-can be ample that are living nerve fibers, affected by the injury, the researchers re-port.

The effects of temperature were studied in hazard-like animals that adjust their body temperature to that of the surrounding air. Animals kept at 29 degrees shown when the same amount of degeneration while only three days that was long after died which after had the extent must not fixed order.

Science News Letter, March 23, 1957