This page contains a photograph of a typewritten report. Now, I will transcribe the text found in the document:

---

Major Quintanilla
1 June 1965
Page 3
Elmwood Park, Ill., Nov. 4, 1957 Sighting

Officer [REDACTED] said to about five thousand (5,000') feet, but this may or may not be the case since I do not particularly rate this judgment about dimensions, or facts for that matter, very high. But both the fireman and the officer agreed that the object disappeared as though a person pulled a black shade up from the bottom, or as though one were filling the spherical object with a black ink. After it disappeared, high in the air in this manner, it did not reappear. Apparently, the only other witness to the incident was a dog which was disturbed and barked at the object somewhere along the route.

The story does not hang together very well. The men are [REDACTED] but they certainly stand to gain nothing from having perpetrated a hoax and, in fact, it could cost them promotions.

The object was described as bright but not hard on the eyes, and very beautiful. After considerable coaxing and trying to get the idea of simulation across, they agreed that if I brought in a balloon painted a bright orange and of a size of about an ordinary room, and held it in the sky, that it would look very much like the object they remembered. It must be remembered that this sighting happened some eight years ago, and memories over that length of time have probably deteriorated considerably.

According to the men, the moon was out that night, but to the east, whereas the object at that same time was toward the west. The sky was basically clear, although there was a fog in the cemetery.

One primary incident occurred when the squad car had stopped at the end of the first long alley just before they jogged on into Belmont Street. The lights were out and the object was descending. At this time, it lost its circular shape and took on a cigar shape surrounded by a fogginess which seemed to emanate from the object itself. There was disagreement as to how much fog, if any, there was in the cemetery that night. The crucial time of the incident seems to have been when the officer kicked on the lights as the object was descending and had assumed a cigar shape. As soon as the lights came on, the object rose up rapidly, resumed its circular shape, and sucked up the fogginess around it.

One other high spot occurred apparently just before the second U turn when the squad car was going east on Belmont. The object came at them from the woods to the left, and according to Officer [REDACTED] came so close to the car that he could have reached out and touched it. The fireman did not agree, feeling that the object had always maintained a respectable distance.