There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from the Project Blue Book archives, related to an incident that occurred in Avon Park, Florida on October 26, 1957.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (C16358)
1. IDENTIFICATION:
a. Incident No.: C-3
b. Date and Time of Observation: 26 October 1957
c. Location: Avon Park, Florida
d. Observed: Civilians
e. Aircraft Involved: None

2. BRIEF SUMMARY OF INCIDENT:
This sighting occurred at the Avon Park Bombing Range Office sometime after 2139 hours and before 2230 hours on 26 October 1957. The witnesses observed a bright light which gave off a reddish glow in the center, and a white halo or ring around the outer edge. The light was observed for several minutes, then went out of sight rapidly. There was no sound associated with the object.

3. INVESTIGATIVE DETAILS:
Comparative size and shape: Similar to jet aircraft on take-off or landing, but much larger in size. Reddish glow in center, white halo or ring around outer edge.
Motion of object: Hovered in one position for several minutes, then went out of sight rapidly, "faster than it went out of sight fast."
Weather Conditions: Clear, few clouds, visibility good.
Special Circumstances: No thunder storms or precipitation at time of observation. No aircraft, known or unknown, in the area.
Factors Favorable to Identification: None.
Factors Unfavorable to Identification: Size, shape, color and speed of departure.

4. ANALYSIS AND CONCLUSIONS:
The only discrepancy that I could find on their observation of the light was that A/10 Barnett saw it also, "unquote." 
Comparatively size and shape: Similar to jet aircraft on take-off or landing, but much larger in size. Reddish glow in center, white halo or ring around outer edge.
Length of time in sight: Several minutes. Went out of sight rapidly, "faster than it went out of sight fast."
Unusual behavior: Hovered in one position for several minutes, then went out of sight rapidly.
No thunder storms or precipitation at time of observation. No aircraft, known or unknown, in the area.
The only discrepancy that I could find on their observation of the light was that A/10 Barnett saw it also, "unquote."

The object observed remains unidentified. Reasons: Size, shape, color and speed of departure.

APPROVED:
[Signature]
JOHN R. NELSON
Major, USAF
Chief, Operations Section