The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed page from an old UFO report document. Here is the text transcribed from the document:

dealing with "flames" but with some phenomenon of ionization.
At approximately 5 meters from the immobilization point, we found a metallic 
fence in very bad condition, of latticed irregular links and metallic wire 
lattice posts.  The other part of the fence (approximately 1 meter high) that was 
point (approximately 1 meter high) that was situated at approximately 5 meters 
from the immobilization point presented a magnetism.  This magnetism made the 
needle of the compass undergo a 30 degree deviation.  The 30 degree deviation 
in proportion to the proximity of the compass.
Thus, the other wire posts (that were situated at approximately 5 meters from
the magnetized T-shaped wire fence posts) did not present any magnetism.  Thus,
the latter did not barely make the needle vary at all.  This remained constant
even when the compass was placed within 4 centimeters of the latter.  This
negative tests results tend to prove, on the one hand that the mass of these
bars (all of the same nature) is not sufficient to provoke a sensitive devia-
tion of the needle with the only exception being that it was already registered
and is in an absolutely no way an inherent quality of this metal.
There was no trace of magnetism on the ground near / the immobilization points
and the around the object was supposedly present.
These tests and these reports have been executed in the presence of Mr. Jacques
Verrillet and Paul Jaulbert that are related to the C. I. E. by Cureneg in Mallije.
We were rejoined in Amelia-les-Bains by Dr. Marcel Pages, who is the
investigator of the C. I. E. in the Pyrenees-Orientales province. Mr. M. J.
Vorpillot and myself went to the police station of Amelia-les Veins, where we
were received by the warrant officer Mahoux and the policemen Poudade and
Palade and on the testimonies that were supplied by the eye witnesses and Also
placed on tape.
These observers were surprised at the lack of respect that the witnesses