The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

There is reason to believe that the "unidentified" target that appeared on the scopes of the Duncanville, Texas, radar on July 17, 1956. This flight from Los Angeles, California, could have been scheduled for that day. If the flight was on time on July 17, the aircraft would have been making its approach over the Dallas-Fort Worth area at the time the radar contact was reported by Duncanville. Radar coverage of this area at that time would have identified such a flight.

The RB-47 flight crew reported that the visual object (light) was located northwest of Duncanville. This light was confirmed by air visual contact and jet interceptors as "unidentified".

The original Airborne Observer's Report has a question which asks whether the RB-47 flight crew saw any other traffic and he recently reconfirmed this in response to my query. Yet if Fit. #956 was definitely en route, then this particular RB-47 crew could not have been the "visible UFO" seen by Dallas/Ft. Worth.

If the unidentified radar target noted by the Duncanville radar was indeed Fit. #956, its reappearance on the scope at 10:30Z, and subsequent re-appearance is understandable by examination of the coverage patterns of the Duncanville radar. (See appendix 2). Such size and type of vehicle (aircraft) would fit into the pattern of the radar coverage.

If the Duncanville lights were the RB-47 which the RB-47 flight crew identified as "unidentified UFO", which the RB-47 aircraft could not have seen because Fit. #956 was en route at that time, then it is certain that this particular RB-47 could not have been the "visible UFO" seen by Dallas/Ft. Worth.

Any attempt to identify the source of this light 14 years after the incident is a hopeless task, especially for an investigator who is not familiar with possible ground-based light sources in that region, such as industrial facilities, oil refineries, etc.

In summary:
The real crux of this UFO case is whether the source of the 5-band signal, which had all the characteristics of an airborne craft, was in fact some other scheduled aircraft. If this signal was being radiated by an airborne object/craft, there are only three possibilities: 
1) U.S. aircraft 
2) U.S. air force aircraft, which makes no sense for the U.S. to go to the expense and trouble of building a CPS-6B like radar and mounting it on an aircraft. 
3) foreign aircraft, which is highly unlikely.