There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document describing a UFO sighting near the village of Vins, France on April 24, 1957.

The text of the document is as follows:

COUCOUPF LANDS BRIEFLY IN PROVENCE
April 24, 1957: At about 2 p.m., Mrs. **** and her husband, the wife of the village constable, were walking on Route #24 about half a mile from the village of Vins, near Toulon in southeastern France. To their astonishment, a circular luminous craft landed a few feet in diameter, and not wishing to approach it, they took off again almost immediately without any sound. They described it as surrounded by a strange glow, illuminated by antennas resembling radar apparatus.
When she recovered from the shock, Mrs. **** told the authorities - in this case her husband - and immediately advised the police at Brignolle, who quickly carried out an investigation. They found and recorded in their report "suspicious traces" - the ground was disturbed, and weeds were crushed, at the spot where the two individuals had seen the luminous land. Moreover, the local municipal counselor, had not only seen the astonishing thing, but also heard it. 
He said that he was on a hill, about 300 yards from the landing spot, when he loud metallic noise made him turn around. "Thinking that two cars must have collided on the road," I ran to see if I would be of any assistance." Then I saw a metallic object make an enormous jump and disappear.
The witness affirmed on the size, and the shape of the observed object: three feet high, with a very pronounced swelling on the upper surface, illuminated from within, vertically, raising a whirlwind of dust when it flew off the ground. 
The testimony of the witnesses contacted with that of the two women on one side, and the municipal counselor, is in agreement: they all confirm that they saw an object land on the highway before it settled down on the dirt road near them. It therefore seemed reasonable that the scooterist might have been produced by billboards along the highway, set vibrating by the strong rush of air.
It did not seem possible to question the good faith of the witnesses to this event. They are unanimously reported, and the village people cannot believe that they would conspire to perpetrate a hoax. The Mayor of Vins, M. Ventre, has himself vouched for their respectability.
The "apparition" of Vins has been taken very seriously by a great number of authorities. Investigations from the Gendarmerie Nationale of Paris and from Lyon, and from the Military Air Forces of Toulon, from the D.S.T. (Direction de la Surveillance du Territoire) and from the Security Forces of the 9th Military District, with whose counselors, and other detectives, they engaged in various operations, whose results they did not divulge.