There is no photograph present in this document. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report dated March 23, 1957, regarding a UFO sighting near Tacoma, Washington.

The text in the document is as follows:

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)  
23 MARCH 1957    TACOMA, WASHINGTON

C.R.I.F.O. 
CIVILIAN RESEARCH, INTERPLANETARY FLYING OBJECTS

MAY 17, 1957
OFFICE OF PUBLIC INFORMATION
U.S.A.F.
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

Dear Sirs:

Would your office kindly confirm the incident reported by the Tacoma, Washington News Tribune, April 2, 1957, which described the sighting of a UFO by, or near, Tacoma, Washington, March 23, 1957.

According to the News Tribune, a private citizen observed an object with a metallic glow descend in the vicinity of his parent's property on Miller Road. The News Tribune's description of this incident was as follows: "Perhaps it is just as well that no one was able to see the craft more closely. This was the conclusion of the Washington policeman who investigated the incident. He was afraid that if it involved a woman walking along a road who had become terrified with fear, a close approach by the craft knocked her down to the ground. There were witnesses, but when the woman was reached she was found to be unconscious."

According to the News Tribune's story, recorded by the Air Force team investigating the incident, they could not determine any connection to UFOB's. They are not craft launched by the U.S. Air Force or any other nation on earth. One of the men who observed the incident is virtually proof that these planets are inhabited.

First, I should the incident confirmed, that is, time and place. Secondly, did the Air Force investigate? Thirdly, please illustrate on the reference to the Florida incident involving the woman who was killed. Without mentioning the woman's name, this incident is virtual proof that these planets are inhabited.

Fourth: Has the UFO witnessed by XXXXX and others, been identified?

If at all possible, please answer the above questions fully.