The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing a report on a UFO incident that occurred between Tonopah and Las Vegas, Nevada on November 23, 1957.

The text in the document reads as follows:

MEMORANDUM FOR FILE:
SUBJECT: Final Disposition - UFO Incident, Tonopah, Nevada, 23 Nov 57.

1. PURPOSE: This memorandum was prepared to summarize the details of the background and events of subject incident; and to provide an official record of the developments leading to the "closing" of this case.

2. GENERAL BACKGROUND AND PERTINENT EVENTS:
   a. First report of incident was received by ATIC by priority (Flash) message 517-57, 6-57-0317/55. Telephone request made to Headquarters ATIC for a "full-scale investigation because of the unusual aspects and phenomena."
   b. Results of ATIC investigation received 22 January 1958 on Air Intelligence Information Report - UFOUB-779-57, Detachment 10, 1005th AISS.
   c. Careful review and analysis of all information and data from investigative reports resulted in advisability* and/or hypotheses:
      (1) Optical illusion/Mistaken Identity:
         Source was extremely fatigued; had just completed one of the most difficult courses with its known physical and mental demands; observed phenomena at a location, time and under conditions known to produce optical illusions and mirage-like conventions of strange things and phenomena for unusual objects; flat desert country, had the appearance of distance and vastness that could be very deceptive to the contrary notwithstanding. (Interrogations conducted always state that they felt they saw a wide awake - not in an impaired physical condition. Under no circumstances will they admit otherwise.)
      (2) A deliberate hoax/justification for considering this hypothesis is supported by the following facts, based on the investigations and substantiated interrogations:
         (a) Incident happened only a few days after the now-famous "Levelland UFO Chase" which attracted over 400 almost similarly described UFO reports in three states.