The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a technical document or report from Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

C. Example of Diagram Use:
1. Verbal Description of Example Sighting: Object was first sighted in the southwest about half-way up (elevation at 15:45 at local time). Its shape or outline was hazy, but appeared round and about the size of a pea (at arm's length). It was dull at first but brightened considerably as it got higher in the sky. Its color at this point was bluish-white. After about two minutes, it turned to a brilliant white, and then began to slowly fade toward the west. At this point its color appeared yellowish white. The light went dim when it got brighter and then climbed rapidly, going toward the southwest and getting brighter. In less than thirty seconds, it had attained an elevation of approximately 60 degrees, and then the light went out abruptly.
2. Additional Description referring to the example sheet: Notice how simply the above sighting can be portrayed and described, without words on the example diagram (altitude 135 degrees (southeast) and elevation 45 degrees (half-way up from the horizon)). Note also the varying thickness of the line to denote changes in brightness, and the use of the dotted line indicates the western part of the sky where the sighting occurred. (From the north-south overhead line), the hovering for 1 minute, and the ascent in 30 seconds to its complete disappearance, can all be shown with a few lines. Thus, the entire sighting can be represented easily on one diagram.
D. Further Instructions and Information:
1. It is highly desirable that diagrams can be shown easily on a diagram of this type. A number of objects sighted also can be indicated, as can any changing forms. These approximate size and speed of the objects should be drawn in. In the case of a complex object sighting, this likewise can be drawn in. Investigator and analyst will now have a better, more detailed picture of what was observed. It is clear that diagrams are worth many words.
2. It will be found that the use of sky diagrams will provide an excellent means for recording sightings, and checking descriptions or contradictions in reports from two or more observers of the same sighting. A glance at the several diagrams will enable one to show whether the observer's stories are consistent, or support each other, a matter which is much more difficult to determine by attempting to compare numerous written statements.
3. It is recommended that the actual observer make the drawings, unless circumstances such as physical inability or other reasons make this impossible or difficult. The investigator should not influence the observer's drawing in any way, and should provide assistance only on those points which are not clear to the observer. However, if the observer fails to grasp the idea of the diagram, the investigator will have to make one.