The image appears to be a newspaper article with the headline "Fiery Flying Object Stops Texas Truckers". The article describes an encounter with a mysterious object that was seen by multiple people near Levelland, Texas. It mentions that the object was a bright light that stopped several vehicles and caused engine and lights to fail. The article also states that the object changed color from white to a bluish-green color and eventually disappeared. No photograph is present in this document.

Fiery Flying Object Stops Texas Truckers

Four separate truck drivers, all of whom drove past the spot at different times, told police they saw a mystery object which stopped their trucks dead in their tracks and then took off again. The incident occurred Saturday night near Levelland, Texas.

Levelland police and part-time barber here, told officials the first truck driver, a W.W. Vavallier, 'pulled into a Levelland service station shaking like a leaf' after his lights and engine had failed. He had been driving a tractor-trailer rig.

A fireman, A.J. Fowler, and about 14 others who called in reports of the object confirmed Vavallier's story.

"They seemed to know that all of us saw the same thing. We first saw a flash of light," Fowler said. "When it got near, the lights of my truck went out and my motor stopped. 

"When it passed over, I heard a loud roar and a rush of wind. It was about 200 feet off the ground and about 150 to 200 feet long. It was a brilliant light, one solid flame, and it didn't get close enough for me to see exactly what its shape was."

James Long, a Waxahachie truck driver, gave about the same account. His lights and motor also failed when the object approached.

"The thing was about 200 feet off the ground and as I watched it, the motor of my truck stopped and my lights went out," he said. "When it passed over, there was a brilliant light in the distance but I didn't get close enough for a good look at it."

Robert H. Goode, of Seminole, Texas, said the object he saw was about 200 feet long and he said it appeared to change from a white to a bluish-green color, "like a welding torch, only much larger."