The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from a document or report. The page is titled "SECTION VI Visual Perception" and discusses topics related to visual perception and sky search for flying objects. There is text describing visual perception, sky search, and depth perception, but no actual photographic image is present in this page.

SECTION VI
Visual Perception

Since visual perception supplies the first awareness of a flying object, it is important to know "how to see." Knowing "how to see" will facilitate identification and reporting of flying objects. The following aids to seeing to the best advantage are provided from Air Force Manual 51-7, "Your Body in Flight."

SKY SEARCH

It is a common misconception that the eye "takes a picture" of everything it field of view. This is not true. Pick out any word in this sentence and then move your eye to the next and then the next. You will discover that you can no longer read the first word after having moved your eye about 5 degrees.

You may have a difficulty in holding a target while scanning the sky. This is not a "sweeping" but a "jerking" motion with which you see details around you. It is of the utmost importance to the combat pilot scanning the sky for the enemy. Experiments have shown that the eye sees nothing in detail while it is moving. It sees only when it pauses and fixes an object on its retina. In scanning the sky, do not describe yourself that you have covered an area with a wide, sweeping glance. The correct way to scan is to cover an area with short, regularly-spaced increments of the eye. This scanning pattern followed depends on the position in the airplane.

DEPTH PERCEPTION

Judgment of distance is done subconsciously in a combination of ways: Close up, we depend on binocular vision, each eye seeing an object from a different angle. At distance beyond binocular range, which is usually the case in flight, we judge it on a one-eye basis. Examples of methods of depth perception follow:

Binocular vision

31