The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report document.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Intelligence, 33rd Air Division
IR-7-57
PAGE 1 of 1 PAGES

This report is submitted by the Radar Chief of the 33rd Air Division. It describes an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting over Korea. The report states that the object was detected on radar and was observed visually by members of an RB-50 crew. No photographs are included in this document.

The text of the document is as follows:

"Intelligence, 33rd Air Division 
IR-7-57
PAGE 1 of 1 PAGES

1. SUBJECT: Unidentified Aerial Phenomenon

This report is submitted by the Chief Radar Intelligence Officer, 33rd Air Division. This report is submitted in accordance with the requirements of AFR 200-2. The incident was observed over Korea on 24 August 1957.

2. Detailed Description of Phenomenon: On 24 August 1957, at approximately 2015Z, the aircraft commander of an RB-50 aircraft (call sign B-56) reported a light that appeared to be an aircraft in the vicinity of the aircraft's position. The light appeared to be at a high altitude and was moving rapidly in a northerly direction. The RB-50 crew maintained visual contact with the light for approximately 15 minutes and plotted its position on the pilot's map.

3. Ground Radar Contact: The ground radar station at K-11, Korea, also detected the object on radar and tracked it for approximately 30 minutes. The object was observed to travel at an estimated speed of 2000 knots.

4. Description of Object: The object appeared as a bright, steady light, moving at a high rate of speed. No other details were observed by the crew.

5. Conclusions: This incident is considered to be an unidentified aerial phenomenon. The object was tracked on both airborne and ground radar and observed visually by the crew of the RB-50 aircraft. Its high speed and altitude are indicative of a probable aircraft or missile. However, its unusual movement and lack of other identifying characteristics preclude a positive identification.

6. Recommendations: It is recommended that this report be forwarded to higher headquarters for further evaluation and analysis."