The image provided contains a photograph or document page from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text on the page appears to be a transcript or report of a conversation or interview regarding a sighting of "flying saucers". The text describes the details of the sighting, including the physical appearance of the objects, the witnesses' reactions, and the questioning of the witnesses by investigators. However, there is no human face visible in the image, so I will not attempt to identify or name any individuals.

CHASING THE FLYING SAUCERS
but before you got into it, you got
this attitude towards advanced the
modern machines that the Government
had, and now what did you see before you
noticed this? 
LARSON: Then what did I see? Well, I
looked at it. And it was light and flat,
and seemed to be revolving - rather fast.
As you know, then what occurred?
SCHMIDT: Now then, come right out.
What did you think then? What would they
have to search out of the side of
this machine?
LARSON: All I know is that it came
down to the ground.
SCHMIDT: Yes, the there was a sliding
door. Now, what do you mean by that?
LARSON: I don't know how to explain it
and they spoke that in English.
SCHMIDT: How were you dressed?
SCHMIDT: They were dressed like
any American would be. In business
suits.
LARSON: Did they appear to be
young or middle-aged?
SCHMIDT: Well, I would say between 40 and
45. 
LARSON: And they spoke good
English?
SCHMIDT: No, they spoke a broken
English.
LARSON: What did they say to
you?
SCHMIDT: They tell me they were not to
be alarmed, that they were not going to
hurt me, that they did not have any
weapons, and that they were just out on
a routine observation, as far as I could
make out. As long as we can't leave for a
few minutes, you can come in and look
around.
SCHMIDT: In this object, were there four
LARSON: Ladies? What age did
they appear to be?
SCHMIDT: They just said "hello,"
and they did that as they were
closing the door - "hello, and goodbye."
LARSON: And what did you see, anything
inside that object?
LARSON: Yes, I saw a lot of instruments, and wires, and it
seemed like they were working on
instruments or something. Two
girls were as assistants instruments
there with a lot of dials and push
buttons.
LARSON: After these women and
these men got into this object, and
closed the door, that was the last I
saw.
SCHMIDT: And it was the one who
talked to you?
SCHMIDT: Yes.
LARSON: And the two women and
the other man, they just stood there
like they were on some kind of
business? Did they appear to be
interested in you after saying
hello?
SCHMIDT: No, 
LARSON: What did they talk about?