The page contains no photographs.

**OCR Output:**

```plaintext
short distance and near the river saw what he thought was a Navy balloon. He said he walked toward the balloon, which appeared silver in color, 100 feet long, 30 feet wide, 12 feet high, standing on four legs, and as he neared the balloon two men alighted from the balloon and directed a ray at him. He said this ray appeared to came from a flashlight-like instrument and it made him camspletely rigid, physically although he could still here, see and think. He said these two men then searched him and asked him aboard the balloon. He said they let him enter a door of the balloon and stand just within.
Mr. ------ said within the balloon were two more men and two women. The four men were dressed in conventional dress suits and the women in dresses. He said the two men who met him outside were the only ones of the six individuals who talked to him in English. He said these two spoke perfect English and told him, "Tell your people we mean no harm. We have been sighted before in the United States but you are the first person to come aboard."
told Nelson he asked them where they were from and where they were going and they told him they could not answer his questions but in the near future he and everyone else would know about them.
told Nelson the two women aboard the balloon maintained positions near the instrument panels and spoke what he described as high German, which he said he understood. He said the women spoke only to each other and then only of the instruments. He stated rather than walk they would slide from instrument panel to panel. He said all six passengers appeared to be 35 to 40 years of age and human. He said suddenly one of the men told him they had to leave and he had to alight from the balloon. He said he got out of the balloon and it immediately took off in a vertical direction. He said after it had risen about 100 feet in the air It blended into the sky and he could see no trace of it.
stated there was a door at either end of the balloon. He said when inside its walls were completely transparent and he could see the surrounding countryside clearly.
- 2 -
```