The image does not appear to contain any photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document that contains text only.

EDITORIAL NOTES

CONCERNING RENEWALS: A great amount of bookkeeping has become necessary due to the great number of subscription renewals. In addition, a special effort has been made by some members to get others to subscribe to SAUCER NEWS. You can help us in regard to both these problems by renewing your subscription at the renewal date we give you and by trying to get a new subscriber whenever possible. This issue of SAUCER NEWS contains the blank subscription blank. Please fill it out and mail it at once for your renewal or new subscription.

CONCERNING OUR PUBLIC MEETINGS: Public meetings of the New York Interplanetary Discussion Group and the New York Aerial Phenomena Research Society are held frequently. Usually they are on the second and fourth Mondays of each month. The programs include talks by our members and guests, discussions, motion pictures, etc. Our next Lecture Committee meeting, of which SAUCER NEWS' Assistant Editor is Chairman, is scheduled for January 25th. At this meeting plans will be made for future programs. Daniel Fry gave a talk in the flying saucer field on January 21st and on February 15th Daniel Soderland gave a talk on the principles of saucer flight to our associate group. We hope that you will be able to attend some of these meetings in our lecture hall located at 153 Fifth Ave., to discuss our theory and enjoy the programs.

CONCERNING OUR NEXT ISSUE: In all due modesty we feel that the issue of SAUCER NEWS you are now reading is one of the most interesting we have ever produced; and with similar "modesty," we believe that the next one will be even better. You will remember that the April issue was devoted to this expedition. This expedition, scheduled for early June, will be reported in full (and then some) in our next number. We will tell you what was accomplished on the trip, and give you a round-up of outstanding saucer reports and "Fortean" events from all over the world, sent to us by many correspondents and taken from current literature. Also, we anticipate a great many new subscribers as a result of this issue - so only a small portion of this next number will be available to new subscribers. So don't be disappointed if you can't get a copy. Due to the tremendous costs involved, again we must ask that you renew your subscription to SAUCER NEWS and "The Saucerian Bulletin" as soon as possible.

CONCERNING BACK ISSUES OF SAUCER NEWS: You are now reading Issue #7.