The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Text Output:
"a soft, rush of air, sucking away and not blowing toward me." During its ascent the base of the object remained horizontal to the ground, and Hrs. 1" ------m" did not see any vertical spinning or rocking of any kind through which the object might have come. The object rose directly through the overcast clouds just above the mountain tops. The dogs stopped barking.

At the time of her sighting, Mrs. --------m" and her husband was in New York City; he called her a short time after the incident and told her what had transpired. She told him that evening in the city. At his insistence I later that evening repeated my account. And Mrs. --------m" confirmed that what I had told him was still fresh in her memory, at the home and in the presence of Mr. and Mrs. --------m" of New York City. 1 told it to him exactly as I have set it down here. 

Mrs. --------am" was referred to GSI through the good offices of ----------. On March 21, for official observation under favorable conditions. It proved to be very kindly went over the details of the observation carefully and again. It proved she could be the substantial evidence of the observation. The "brim" was formed by a dead tree on the border -- on the far side of the field, while the right sight moved up the object was framed by a pile of dead undergrowth. It paced the distance between the two landmarks and found it to be 40 long-legged paces -- 120 feet. The object was approximately 180 yards off. Mrs. --------m" told very accurately the dimensions as observed by her at eye-level (as the field slopes downward and to the left, the object was lower on higher ground than the part of the field where she was standing). The top of the object as seen from the yard rose above the tops of the mountain ranges to the north.

(This is one of the most detailed and definite sightings that has ever been reported to the ---------- and the possible probation of an authentic cause cannot be immediately excluded. It is always necessary, of course, to consider the possibilty of delusion, and in this connection it is found that --- was known to be a sober and respectable person, not likely to be urged by the hunger clains whose falsity has soon detected. His wife's exception and one may think of the "H.G.O." episode. However, in the judgment of the persons were serious and, engaged in this comprehensive literature could convince a fashion. It seems unquestionable that certain observed features of this are very unusual and at that time the background necessary to invent this, and our present feeling is that it should be accepted as a perfectly genuine and extremely informative observation of an artifical construction which obvious did not originate on this planet.)