The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document or news publication, with only text visible.

The Week
Influence News Letter for February 21, 1957

[The full text of the document is as follows:]

The Week
Washington - U.S. and British Science Prizes - In a press statement, Moscow announced the award of the Lenin Prize for Science to Soviet physicist Igor Ye Tamm, Vice-president of the U.S.S.R. Academy of Sciences. This marks the first time the prestigious Lenin Prize has been awarded for physics.
Meanwhile, in London, the Royal Society of London announced the award of the Copley Medal, its highest honor, to Dr. Werner Heisenberg, the German physicist, for his contributions to quantum mechanics.
The film "Around the World in 80 Days" - This popular film continues to be a draw at the box office. The comedy based on the Jules Verne novel has now grossed over $16 million in the U.S. and Canada, making it the most successful film since "Gone With the Wind."
Sputnik - The Soviet satellite Sputnik I is still circling the earth, but its radio transmitters have gone silent. Latest reports indicate the satellite will remain aloft for another 2 to 5 years.
Technological Information for Teachers and Students - The U.S. Office of Education has issued a bibliography called "Advances in Technological Education," which lists books, pamphlets and other materials on the latest developments in scientific and technical fields that may be of interest to teachers and students.
Rockwell Lectures on Guided Missiles - Dr. Carl F. J. Overhage, Director of the Guided Missiles Division of the Rockwell Manufacturing Company, is scheduled to deliver a series of lectures on guided missiles at various colleges and universities during the next few months.
Technical Information for Industry and Research - The Library of Congress has established a new service to provide speedy access to technical information needed by industry and research. Called the Science and Technology Project, the service will make available translations, digests, bibliographies and other material from the world's scientific literature.