There are no photographs present on this page.

OCR Text Output:

At no time did the witnesses see the so called "apparatus" itself all they claim 
to have seen was the turbulent mass of whirling flames that were red and blue and 
were in the form of a cone and the point of which was directed towards the ground
and the peak of the latter was approximately 5 meters long. 

The witnesses could not be exact in relation to the form of the apparatus as the
latter was completely covered with flames that were oscillating in all directions
and whirling but they did think that the ensemble on the whole seemed to have a
cone-shaped aspect.

At the time that D.V.N.I. (U.F.O.) went to the vineyards the ground was violently
sweet and turbulent. Even though the apparatus was only 5 meters from the ground
we found no trace of burned spots on the ground or any calcination. Therefore one 
is not really dealing with "flames" but with some phenomenon of ionization.

At approximately 5 meters from the immobilization point we found a metallic fence
,in very bad condition, of latticed irregular links and metallic wire lattice work 
posts. The other part of the fence had wooden posts. Only the wire post (approximately 
1 meter high) that was situated at approximately 5 meters from the immobilization
point presented a magnetism. This magnetism made the needle of the compass undergo
a 30 degree deviation. The 30 degree deviation of the T-shaped wire post became
sensitive and increased in a gradual manner in proportion to the proximity of the 
compass.

Thus, the other wire posts (that were situated at approximately 5 meters from 
the magnetized T-shaped wire fence post) did not present any magnetism. Thus the 
latter did not barely make the needle vary at all. This remained constant even when
the compass was placed within 4 centimeters of the latter. This negative test result
tends to prove, on the one hand, that the mass of these bars (all of the same nature)
is not sufficient to provoke a sensitive deviation of the needle with the only excep
tion being that that was already registered and is in absolutely no way an inherent
quality of this metal.

FTD-TT-64-572/142