The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document discussing various topics related to UFO research and the NICAP (National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena) organization.

Text output from the document:

As a NICAP member, I am indeed surprised and quite disturbed to see so much of NICAP's confidential material appearing in the SAUCER NEWS, as I can tell this material has done more for civilian research than any other UFO group. Its director, Major Keyhoe, has done more to bring this subject to the public than any other individual. 

Regarding Major Keyhoe's letter in the March SAUCER NEWS, what does it contain, besides exposing an unauthorized letter for his claim that NICAP is abusing the privilege of using his material? I can see two reasons: First, secondly, SAUCER NEWS is not the place to shed tears about this. Nobody is interested in SAUCER NEWS personal fratching and distortions.

Regarding the Hart and Coleman letters in your December issue, Mr. Joe Hart suggests a correspondence regarding flying saucers, but the Air Force denies this. This may be, but the Air Force dispatches reaching this area substantiate the relations the Air Force and itself has with NICAP already. The Air Force continually make statements heading that NICAP quoted. Part seems to be hit-picking here. As for the Coleman letter, the NICAP counsel assured him that these questions were not for publicity and asked for his co-operation, so they could continue their persistent queries about "Flying Saucers and the U.S. Air Force...".

Regarding Mr. Gribble's plaintive howl (in your Dec. issue) or any explanation for deliberately setting up and widely publicizing an organization such as NICAP would be contrary to Gribble's own published article in a magazine called "Confidence". This is described as listing retired admirals, airline pilots, college professors and a number of people, which according to Gribble is for NICAP's advisory staff. This is not unlike the man on NICAP who used to board and Panel who freely identified that this man on the panel was none other than Major Keyhoe. It seems to me this path was more accurate than it is described when it described Mr. Gribble as "a one-man data processing".

Congratulations. You picked a very fine, intelligent lady for your companion in life. May you be happy through the end of time. That wishes to.