The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be text from a Project Blue Book document describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting. The text details the witnesses' observations of the object, including its movement, appearance, and effects on the surrounding environment. The text does not identify any humans in the report.

5 meters from the ground. In the course of the first stop, the vine stocks were strongly agitated, and so was the ground as they underwent a sort of aspiration that was directed in an upward direction (therefore, towards the apparatus) as the apparatus was meanwhil. whirling- The object whose gyration on the spot was accompanied with a deafening sound, recovered the flight above the field, and then descended towards the mouth at approximately 400 meters from the first stop at 5 to 10 meters from a clump of trees (cherry trees) in a gap in the ground near a bridge.  
The witnesses claim created a violent brushence (?) that brutally and roughly made the leaves and the branches of the trees shake. The latter, according to the witnesses, were bent in several manners. Their branches and leaves seem to be on the point of being yanked out. The cone of red and blue flames once more started on its slow course and trajectory and then climbed the direct side of a hill (at approximately 30 meters from the ground), then having reached the top of it rapidly descended into the site of a very rapid rate of speed and disappeared. The latter disappeared in a North-Easterly direction.
At no time did the witnesses see the so-called "apparatus" itself; all they claim to have seen was the turbulent mass of whirling flames that were red and blue and were in the form of a cone and the point of which was directed towards the ground, and the peak of the latter was approximately 5 meters long.
The witnesses could not be exact in relation to the form of the apparatus as the latter was completely covered with flames that were oscillating in all directions and whirling, but they did think that the ensemble on the whole seemed to have a cone-shaped aspect.
At the place where the C. Y. R. I. (U. F. O.) stopped at the first time in the vineyards, the ground violently jarred and was shaken. Even though the apparatus was only 5 meters from the ground, we found no trace of burned spots on the ground or any hardening of the ground. Therefore, one is not really