The image appears to be a page from an old document related to the Project Blue Book UFO investigation. There is no photograph present in this particular page. The text on the page has been redacted in several places, likely to obscure sensitive or classified information.

Here is the text output from the document, excluding the redacted portions:

the past, experienced in several major components of the equipment. None of these were serious enough, however, to induce long periods of breakdown or degradation of operational performance.

The NORAD team could not find any specific source or component malfunction that could contribute to the cause of the 20 September phenomenon. The circumstantial evidence associated with this phenomenon such as the observation by the NORAD team of a condition similar to that observed by the operations personnel on 20 September would indicate erratic performance of some electronic component within the equipment. One member of the NORAD team has been closely associated with the technical development of the FPS-20 since its inception. It was indicated by this member during the evaluation that certain electronic components of this equipment, on rare occasions, would produce random noise known as "angel effects." These effects are similar to those experienced on 20 September by the Montauk station.  The similarity, however, is not conclusive enough that the incident can be attributed to this effect. Further technical analysis must be accomplished before "angel effects" can be either accepted or rejected as a cause.

At Benson Air Force Station, the NORAD team was unable to find any specific cause of malfunction of the AN/CPS-6B that would contribute to the 20 September phenomenon. The station has experienced only those minor equipment difficulties all common to the AN/CPS-6B over long periods of sustained operation. The circumstantial evidence associated with this phenomenon, such as the pick-up and fade characteristics of the target, the appearance of the target on only one scope, the