The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Attempting OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
REPORT NO. 115-CUSOB-779-57 PAGE 11 OF 12 PAGES
COMMENTS OF PREPARING OFFICER:
The officer considering the excellent weather conditions and the circumstances surrounding the sighting, believes that the objects observed could have been either blimps, balloons or aircraft. He concludes from the facts that he considers verified that the opinion expressed by the sender of the original report of the appearance of the objects as like a strange or unidentified object or an unusual maneuver, is possible but considers it less likely.
The officer states that they could not have been any known or common type because he saw the objects clearly and is familiar with airframes of this type.
However, he did not believe that they were U.S. experimental models because he considered that the lights were of some duration and in an uncontrolled area, such as the vicinity in which the incident took place.
The officer rules out the possibility that the objects belonged to a foreign nation because he considers that the objects were probably not sophisticated enough for a foreign power to have been able to get into the area and conduct a maneuver and could have landed just as easily at a spot not visible from the road.
SOURCES ruled out the possibility that the objects were manifestations of natural or atmospheric phenomena, such as a mirage or lenticular clouds, because the sighting occurred during daylight hours and the objects were sighted over an extended period of time.
SOURCES did not believe that the objects were frank reflections in the desert sand because the objects were clearly visible in the air.
SOURCES ruled out misinterpretation or other weather phenomena because the objects were clearly visible and consistent throughout the sighting.
SOURCES stated that the only physical evidence other than the initial sighting itself was the fact that the objects caused radio interference which might have been due to electromagnetic forces which might have been produced. He assumed that this was the cause of propagation for the objects, "these alone never seen so believe that they were space ships, because we would have some hint if we were able to do such a thing."
(A certain amount of hesitancy, on the part of SOURCES could be detected by the interviewing officer, to conclude anything revolutionary as this for so many years.)