The document contains a newspaper clipping. It reports on a UFO sighting and includes a photograph of the article's text.

**OCR Text Output:**

```
Saucer Visitor
Is Ex-Convict

By UNITED PRESS

Authorities in Kearney, Neb., today held a “heart to heart” talk with a salesman, later discovered to be an ex-convict who claimed he chattea with tour men and two women in a transparent “space ship.” The report by Reinhold O. Schmidt, 48, of Baker s field, Ca!., last night was the most dramatic of a host of unidentified flying object sightings reported across the country.

SCHMIDT'S TALE, as strange as any science-fiction story, drew considerable al dence in the Kearney area for a time. Police roped off the spot where the “Martian”-lik jevedly landed and examined various impressions and oil stains on the ground. But curiosity turned to skep ticism when ScottbHif County Sheriff Harry Wexler revealed that Schmidt, a former pot to buyer in Scottbluff, Neb., was a former convict who served time in the Nebraska Penitentiary for embezzlement.

However Schmidt stuck by his story. Police said they held a “heart fo heart’’ talk with Schmidt last night and planned further questioning today.

Elsewhere, strange “saucer” sightings sent Air Force pilot scrambling to investigate, kepi police switchboards busy and brought hundreds of person out to watch the sky. Scores of other sightinqs in the Midwest last night apparently stemmed from stars and the planet Venus playing tricks on the viewers. Other reports were not so easily explained. The Coast Guard reported picking up a—and
Gulf of Mexico south of New Oilcans. A Coast Guard skipper, tola :
the ship Sebago in the Gulf of Mexico south of New Orleans. A Coast Guard commander said the object paused over the cutter Sebago in the GuR for a time.
MILITAYR police and motorists said they saw a bright object hovering near the U. S proving Grounds at White Sands, N. M They saht the object killed the engines on their cars.
A “ved ball was sighted by several persons last night over the Atomic Energy Commissionis Savannah River plant near Augusta, Ga. The Au gsta Editor of the Augusta Chronicle, Louis Harris, said the object appeared to be a “constant red light.”
Flying lights over northen Illinois and southern Wisconsin last night spurred police and military authorities into a frenzy of hurried investigations.

Two persons in northern Illinois said the engines of their cars quit running and headlights weiit out when a object appeared in the sky. Planes from Travis Air Force Starion I Vis. and O'Hare Field in Chicago investigated and later reported the object was a star

A H50 mMI as he sighted a flying space ship, but authorities Kansas swam, Mich.  saw the “shimmering Jonathan sky.
Military authorities apparent give credence to
```