There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO document, specifically a letter from the Department of the Air Force dated May 16, 1957.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

16 May 1957

Dear Mr. ******,

As General ****** is no longer Director of Information Services, your letter on unidentified flying objects addressed to him for reply.

Reference the Pan American sighting in early March, this was investigated by the 4602nd AISS and several other investigating agencies. ALL concluded that Captain Van Hinkle's object was simply a mirage or fireball (see report). It is doubtful that any one made a perfunctory examination of the incident.

JANAP 146 and AFR 200-2 have never been classified as Secret. Both carry a restricted classification, while and were declassified as Confidential in 1954. The Air Force is considering publishing a revised AFR 200-2 which should eliminate much of the misunderstandings of the regulations.

The Air Force is planning to release Project BLUE BOOK Report #10 to the public. It will be the first time this has been done, It is being prepared to bring into the open the facts concerning Project BLUE BOOK and to demonstrate that the Air Force has a serious and continuous program for the analysis of UFO reports. The Air Force wishes to have the public fully informed on this entire subject.

It is merely a procedure for reporting certain types of sightings, and not an admission that there is anything unusual or unexplainable about them. Before your sighting can be taken up by the Air Technical Intelligence Center a report should be submitted on it personally. Without the details of the specific sighting, the Air Force has no knowledge of this.

For your letter, but it is to the Air Technical Intelligence Center that we must go to get the information.

Sincerely,

TIM DUFF
Major, USAF
Chief, Magazine & Book Branch
Office of Information Services

Mr. Winegar Shooting Preserve
Washington, New Jersey