The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document from the District Intelligence Office, Eleventh Naval District, regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting that occurred on 17 October 1957 in San Diego, California.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
From: District Intelligence Officer, Eleventh Naval District
To: Commanding Officer, ONI District CRC (U), 716 Battery Street, San Diego 1, California
Subj: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORT
Ref: (a) OPNAV INST 3820.6 of 10 NOV 55

1. The following information was obtained from a PINING, AGC/C-station, Eleventh Naval District, with instructions as forth in reference (a) for information and any further action as may be desired.

2. On the evening of 17 October 1957, PINING was on duty in the Air control center. At approximately 1750, the duty controller (USMC) observed on his radar scope an unidentified object entering the radar pattern from the northwest at an approximate altitude of 35,000 feet. The object was traveling at a high rate of speed, estimated to be approximately 3,000 knots. As the object approached the San Diego area, it accelerated and then suddenly disappeared on the radar scope. The object was observed on the radar scope for approximately 30 seconds. 

3. PINING stated that the object suddenly reappeared on the radar scope approximately 30 miles east of San Diego, California, and appeared to be gaining altitude. The object then disappeared from the radar screen. The controller on duty attempted to scramble aircraft to intercept the object, but was unable to do so, as there was insufficient time before the object disappeared.

4. EWING was on duty on the evening of 17 October 1957. EWING learned that the (U) had been detected on radar and had been in contact with the object and had learned that the 92nd was alerted radar contact with the object, and had launched aircraft to attempt an interception, but the object had disappeared from radar before the aircraft could reach the area of the sighting.

5. A full report in accordance with the instructions contained in reference (a) is being prepared and will be forwarded as soon as it is completed.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY