The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book report, describing a UFO incident.

16.
PASSENGERS and six crew members were on board this flight, on route to KINGMAN, ARIZ, from LAS VEGAS, NEV. A routine report when landing at KIRTLAND AIR FORCE BASE indicated a crash take-Off and landing of a plane, supposedly from the huge airliner. No trace was ever found indicating a crash had occurred. An investigation as to what had happened, if anything was ever located, but no evidence of any kind was ever located. 
According to information later obtained on January 11th, 1949, a Boeing 377 passenger plane, also known as the stratocruiser, this too was a four-engined on route to Japan carrying military passengers. then silence, As in the other cases, the aircraft disappeared completely from the four control radio contact.   
The wreckage of the aircraft was never found. A thorough investigation of these two incidents, similar to the investigation that the U.S. Navy had made concerning our 1112 students (sic) from the airplane already mentioned, does not seem to have been made. No scientific explanation of this could be found. 
We can but postulate, as to the nature of the strange phenomena, off the Florida coast, commercial pilots are reluctant to discuss the matter which in their minds suggests something beyond the range of present human knowledge. Is to be branded a crackpot and persona non grata in certain circles from what they dare to relate, what may be facts that planes fly into and can't get out of. Perhaps the missing aircraft are moved showed into the clouds or into another dimension.
The most chilling story of all, in support of the above theory, concerns a similar flight in January 1948, when an aircraft mysteriously disappeared through clouds, one day when he suddenly came upon a strange object. He collided with it, crashed the object the wreckage of which was not found, but his wincipc new-wood job obviously of pre-World War II vintage. The pilot of the ancient aircraft was found as he the custom in those days, sitting in an upright position, strapped to the controls. The plane was not seriously damaged, and disappeared into the clouds. The pilot's (name) survives down to the present time, (or even that such a plane was licensed, as in the other words, the near-disastrous scrubbed by the modern pilot was found a month or so later under a stack of junk, in a hangar where it had been hastily hidden and forgotten. The log was description of a near-disaster with a weird silver airplane. The log book was turned over to the authorities, who made no evaluation of it. (word censored) and the (name censored) were enough they this was a long scrape along one side of it, just where the log's narrative said there had been hit. The whole incident has been investigated by the Civil Aeronautics Board, but they can't find any way to explain it.