The image does not contain any photographs. As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

"The radar screen has picked up circles and in the case of ducks, an explanation of known types of visual sightings as follows:

1. Present-day jet aircraft, flying at tremendous speeds and high altitudes. These differ from the polished surface aircraft can be seen plainly and distinctly is too distant to be visible. This type of jet aircraft sight trail and often this is seen rather than the aircraft itself.

2. Weather balloons account for a substantial number of sightings. Virtually every such balloons is used for upper air research and are frequently monitored and tracked by radar. They are very good reflective qualities, carry sufficient illumination and are visible often at great distances.

3. In addition to the ordinary weather balloons, large 90-foot balloons, which sometimes drift from test to coast, are used for upper air research. These balloons also have a high reflective quality and are visible at extreme distances.

4. Frequently, unusually bright meteors and planets will cause a flurry of reports, sometimes from relatively inexperienced observers. At certain times, normal objects such as stars and planets can and do appear to be moving erratically due to atmospheric conditions. Since the factors on the other hand of rapid rate of speed, direction reversal, and other behavior are inconsistent for both astronomical and conventional craft, these reports of UFOs have shown a tendency to increase during these periods.

5. Some cases arise which, on the basis of information received, are of considerable interest. The objects appear metallic in color, have definite shape and outline, and perform maneuvers and speeds of a kind cannot be matched by conventional craft. It is believed that these constitute the relatively small percentage of reports that merit further investigation. However, the majority of these sightings may be explainable on the basis of familiar and known objects rather than being objects that are truly unidentified."