There are no photographs present on this document page. 

Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
AF FORM 112-PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948
(CLASSIFICATION)
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM (Afcmc)
REPORT NO.

PAGE        OF        PAGES


c. If the sighting is made while airborne, give type aircraft, identification 
number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station: N/A. 

4. Time and date of sighting: 

    a. Zulu time-date group of sighting: 034ZZ
    b. Light conditions. Night, day, dawn, dusk: Night.
5. Locations of observers. Exact latitude and longitude of each observer, or Georef position, or position with reference to a known landmark: Pecos, New Mexico. 
6. Identifying information of all observers: One observer saw the object, saying it was about the size of a grapefruit. 
 7. a. Civilian - Name, age, Mailing address, occupation: [REDACTED] 
age 20 years, mailing address [REDACTED] Pecos, New Mexico, occupation unknown. 
     b. Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability. N/A. 
7. Weather and winds-aloft conditions at time and place of sightings: 
   
a. Observer account of weather conditions: Clear and cool. 
   b. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots at surface, 6,000', 10,000', 16,000', 20,000', 30,000', 50,000', and 80,000’, if available: Unknown other than no wind. 
   c. Ceiling: Unknown.
   d. Visibility: Clear. 
   e. Amount of cloud cover: Sky was clear.
   f. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: None. 
   g. Any other unusual activity or condition: meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting: None. 
9. Interception or identification action taken (such action may be taken whenever feasible, complying with existing air defense directives): Was called into radar. 
10. Location of any air traffic in the area at time of sighting: None. 
11. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting: No comments. 
12. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs: None.
```