The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Textual Output:

After its turn the apparatus once more began utilization of the dignified signalling device (/2 on the diagram) which was subjected to brutal oscillations and violent vibrations that produced an awful noise, a "resonance" that was extremely remarkable. During the evolutions of the object all of the witnesses saw the panels vibrate in a violent manner as if it had been subjected to repeated violent shocks at a very rapid rate.

Afterwards the apparatus took off, pitching from side to side and all the time very slightly towards a south-east direction and at a very moderate speed. There was no moment when the apparatus itself did vibrate. The coplete observation lasted approximately 1 minute.

Miss _____ warned her husband,who later accompanied by the policemen from Brignoles went to investigate the area. And at the place of the supposed landing the police do say that they did encounter a spot of land that was marked (on the path of the route that was supposedly followed) and the police did state that this piece of land did seem to have been swept under the effect of powerful blowers. On the path that was of swept land (second landing) the traces were still very clear. The ground was "flushed" on a diameter of approximately 1.50 meters. 

On April 19,1957,in the company of Mr. Pierre Avrand of Radio Monte-Carlo, I went to the police station in Brignoles (Var). On the presentation of my identification card as a detective of C.I.E. Ouranos the officer on duty obligingly gave me an account of the investigational report that had been conducted. He informed me that the witnesses were not only very respected and faithful but that they had never been caught in the act of any deceit or fraud.

Not being able to accompany me to Vins,the officer gave me a letter of introduction for a Mr. Ventre that is the head officer in Vins. Arriving at approximately 3:00 in the village (at 9 kilometers to the north east of Brignoles) we were not able to get in touch with Mr. Ventre. I then went out in search of the witnesses and began to ask questions of the villagers. All of my questions were in vain as they had no news of anything. They did not know (or did not want to say )where the latter could be found.