There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book report, that contains only text.

THE END OF AN ERA
- By Orfeo Angelucci -

In September, 1955, a new type of publication appeared. It pressumed to replace on flying saucers. It was called "The Saucerian".

"The Saucerian" was cranked out once a month. The first three issues were crammed with articles, some of which, in the editor's opinion, were worth reading. Soon people, by some way or another, heard of the publication and subscribed to it. Within a short time, the circulation continued to increase, until the present total of around 1,500 was reached.

"The Saucerian Bulletin", always appeared on newsstands, and was made up by putting in funds from my theatre film booking business. Later, when I gave up the theatre, the news came that "The Saucerian Bulletin" was continued to published monthly.

In the past three years a great new interest has almost obsessed me - that of understanding out human origin, and our place in the cosmos.

For sometime, "The Saucerian" has been published most irregularly, with the editor feeling unable to give it the full understanding to the subscribers to which they were entitled. With my other business interests, I felt that I could not devote the time required to publish the magazine regularly, and to give the subscribers the same good service. With very little notice, the publication will now cease.

I shall publish just occasional weightier and more important works to satisfy that interest which I have found most subscribers share with me - that of understanding our human origin and destiny. I should concentrate on research and release material of a more profound and lasting nature.

Some time ago, James W. Moseley, hearing of some of my difficulties, offered to consider consolidating "SAUCER NEWS" with "The Saucerian Bulletin". It was agreed that SAUCER NEWS would continue, even though a great many other saucer magazines were passing from the scene, possibly due to lack of editorial material, while The Saucerian Bulletin was to be merged with SAUCER NEWS. However, although we agreed that it would not take the responsibility of forming policy, special interest in "The Saucerian Bulletin" did arise. In the past two years, his editorial policy has become more conservative, and the liberal, uncensored and free thought which my publication had carried as a main characteristic, has dwindled. Instances of perpetuation, but "Frankly SAUCER NEWS" was the only "regularly published" magazine.

I feel that I could continue undertaking, and I should, therefore, desist from doing so. Recently when Mr. Moseley dropped by Clarksburg, we talked this matter over, and I decided, finally, to cease publishing "The Saucerian Bulletin."

This decision was not an easy one, but with the cessation of "The Saucerian Bulletin" as a separate entity, SAUCER NEWS will now remain as the sole regularly published magazine devoted to flying saucers and related phenomena.