There is no photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be a typed text document from Project Blue Book containing a written report.

Transcribed text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED (SECURITY INFORMATION WHEN FILLED IN)

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
DE-EACH: Nov 10, 1606th AISS

That appeared hemispherical in shape, about two (2) feet in diameter was observed by the observer from his vehicle while traveling along the highway (U.S. 95) to the top of the dome to be about ten (10) to fifteen (15) feet in diameter. The object appeared to be solid, and there was no evidence which would indicate it was transparent. The object was observed within fifty (50) feet of the nearest object, the hum, which had been studied shortly before by the observer. The object remained stationary for a period of about one and one-half (1 1/2) minutes, then accelerated at a very rapid rate of speed and disappeared behind those hills. As the object departed, the observer noted the absence of any sound or vibration.

There was no odor or smoke or any other outward signs or indications on the bottom of the object of any kind of propulsion system. The object appeared to be solid, smooth and well-defined, with no indications of landing gear or any other external fittings or appendages. There was no evidence that any heat had been present, and the ground in the area showed no signs of disturbance.

The investigation of the impressions SOURCE returned to his car, obtaining telephonic reports from other witnesses who had also observed the object, and who substantiated the same general descriptions, i.e. smooth, solid, hemispherical, and well-defined in appearance. SOURCE advises that in his opinion the object had no visible means of propulsion, and that it maneuvered in a manner not characteristic of any known aircraft, and was unlike any aerial device with which he is familiar. SOURCE stated that the object made no sound, nor was there any trail or exhaust of any kind visible. SOURCE had no other information to add before terminating his involvement with the incident.

The time of day referred to above was given in Pacific Standard time. The sun was still behind the horizon, and there was no moonlight. There was no over-cast. The weather was dry, rather cold, and there was little or no wind. There was no observation to the best of the witnesses' knowledge, of the object's arrival or departure, other than its sudden appearance and disappearance.

5 Notes:
1. SOURCE:* sketch of UFOB
2. SOURCE:** sketch of UFOB arrangement
3. SOURCE:*** sketch of UFOB motion
4. SOURCE:**** sketch of UFOB elevation
5. SOURCE:***** sketch of UFOB

UNCLASSIFIED