There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text in the document is as follows:

"this component cannot be rationalised away." My actual statement read: "And this is the fact that it is not reasonable -- it exhibits a psychic component which cannot be rationalised away." Here you have changed "a psychic" to "of the saucer phenomena." The only reason I say that they were open to the physio-psychic phenomenon which is recognized as "truth, is the manner of their investigator's final determination was phenomenon. THOMAS M. GORILLA

Mr. Gorilla has devoted an objective analysis of the flying "saucer" mystery. It is it has developed within the past sixteen years. I think that he is correct in thinking that the solution cannot definitely established is to these observations for I happen to be inclinerL.

ROBERT D. NULL
Maiden, North Carolina

It is perhaps true enough that conclusion jumping on the basis of insufficient observation data in UFO field is contributing that this type of work. But you are very wrong in thinking that no one really has the evidences for the saucers' behavior. Your ignorance of evidence in civilian researchers from the early period is a proof your unsuitability as a searcher to figure the whole thing out with reasonable accuracy.

As the two particular articles have the answer, and is unable to figure it out. Mr. Gorilla has no qualifications to pass on the subject of which he talks, and his statements are therefore merely his personal opinion.

PAUL W. HAMMER
Chicago, Illinois

I didn't have to go far into Gorilla's articles to realize he would soon invoke the psychic. His psychic, or other, just as an aptest mine not to rely on it. But he seems to go psychic for a pretty poor reason. Apparent lack of physical evidence for the saucer phenomena. This is not enough, it it simply that we senseless.....over 12 years of close association with aircraft and aviation, I have witnessed that anomolous things cannot always be a purely physical phenomenon and seen an aircraft. Takes away all their news sources and the would doubt-less than the current thinking that is the reasonable perfect. But their opinion.

GEORGE W. EARLEY
Bloomfield, Connecticut

Can give your December and March issues with much interest. I good job. However to confirm a public opinion of ours in view side o£ the controversy regarding NICAP. After looking at my letters which you published, I still hold that I was right in believing that the discloses should not have been made. However, you have not convinced me that NICAP is warranted in withholding information which the public should have. As I told you at the time, you know quite well that we aren't opposed to each other that much. Perhaps you could tell your readers this.

STEVE MICHAM, St. Louis, Missouri