The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a typed letter from the Eastman Kodak Company addressed to Dr. Allen Hynek, an astrophysicist from the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory in Massachusetts.

EASTMAN KODAK COMPANY
ROCHESTER 4, NEW YORK
September 23, 1959

Dr. Allen Hynek
Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory
60 Garden Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts

Dear Allen:

Thank you for your confirming letter regarding the Copper Mountain observation. We have studied the data you so kindly forwarded to us, and we think it would be of interest to astronomers.

Our analysis indicates it was a meteor, perhaps a fieball, which was observed. There are certain points that lead us to this conclusion, the chief one being that the observers described the object as increasing in brightness and then fading, which is typical of meteoric phenomena. We also note that the duration of the sighting was very brief, less than a minute, which is again characteristic of meteors.

It seems to us that the various effects described, such as the object appearing to fall behind the mountain range and the reported sound effects, may have been caused by atmospheric conditions and the geometrical relationship of the observers to the object. The descriptions do not seem to us to be those that one would expect from a "Fellows" sighting.

We appreciate your interest in sending us the details. It was obviously caused by a light source, but light from a natural source in the sky, not an artificial one. Whether the pictures were taken or not is, of course, immaterial, since the evidence seems clear that this was a natural phenomenon and not an unidentified flying object.

A number of people were who have been following the reports of UFO sightings are now beginning to realize that the great majority of them are caused by natural occurrences. We would be interested in any further data you may obtain on this kind of event. Please let me know if you have any other questions.

Best regards,
Yours very truly,
(Signed) George Eastman