The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

The OCR text output is as follows:

nor that he tried to make a fuss over the official version of facts that were jointly described in the case by six of the most respected and most dignified inhabitants of the community, among which one of these was the Municipal Council.

Three days after these events, Mr. ______, moreover, stated that one of his administrators, Mr. ______, had made some very different statements and had also remarked that: "In any case, there must be something to all of this..."

The witnesses are very trustworthy people.

We pursued our investigation all over the country side and we realized that not one individual doubted the sincerity and the statements that had been made by the witnesses. On a whole, all of the Beaucourtiaux are open and sincere, logical and calm, and objective people. And, they never pretended to know more than they really knew.

The Chief of the police station of Beaumont-Hamel that had not been alerted or warned of the event on that famous evening yet, when we posed the problem of that matter to him he voluntarily responded, "They have surely seen something!" All of the witnesses are employed by the railroad and they have made us aware of the following observation, "Why tell stories?" These observations, if they were only that, would make us look bad in the eyes of our bosses. And, also possibly jeopardize our individual job positions.

An orange light in the fields

Now, we will continue on in a more pleasant mood and by this we refer to the fact that the next night some of the people of the village were shooting firecrackers in the fields of Mr. ______ and we found among the fields some of these halfburned firecrackers by the fields, but this was not another cause of confusion as the cause was understandable.

More interesting is the observation that was conducted the night of May PFT-FT-64-372/1-2