The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

I. SOURCES: [Address Redacted], Anaheim, California
Occupation: Service Station Attendant
Age: 35
Education: High School
Qualifications: None

II. RELIABILITY: Source was very cooperative and spoke freely. During the interview he seemed to be pleased with the publicity he had received and believed that he had a very important story to tell. The sighting was reported to someone the following day. The complaints did not seem serious or of such nature that they could not be checked.

III. OBJECT'S DESCRIPTION: On 6 November 1957, at approximately 11:00 hours (PST), the witness sighted an aerial object hovering over Disneyland, Anaheim, California. The object was described as being approximately sixty-five (65) degrees above the horizontal and to the northwest, approximately five miles distant. It was in sight for approximately two minutes. The object appeared to be saucer-shaped and was observed through a pair of binoculars. It had the brightness of an automobile taillight and was of a pinkish-red color. It had the brightness of an automobile taillight and was of a pinkish-red color. It had the brightness of an automobile taillight and was of a pinkish-red color.

The witness stated that the object hovered and then moved to the east at a very rapid rate of speed and disappeared from sight. He stated that the object was observed again approximately five (5) minutes later, hovering in about the same position as before. After about thirty (30) seconds, it moved rapidly to the north and disappeared from sight.

The witness stated that the bright spot on the object appeared to be a source of light and resembled a piece of molded glass. He could see no fins, wings or attachments to the object. The witness described the object as cold with a slight mist, slight breeze, and a faint humming sound.

The witness was fairly certain that the object was in sight thirty (30) to forty (40) seconds during the observation. He stated that the object was sighted through eyeglasses.

The witness stated that he had moved his film ahead one frame so that he could re-expose the film at f/5.6 and a shutter speed of 1/30 of a second. He stated that the object he saw could have been a light reflection or some unexplained or unexplainable phenomenon.

I note: Photographic negatives and 2 prints (Kodachrome) attached to this report under separate cover.