There are no photographs present in the provided document.

Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

---
1006th AlSS
Ent, AFB, Colo AlSS-WOB-313-57
SUPPLEMENTARY INVESTIGATIVE REPORT:

1. SOURCE was taken to the scene of the sighting; he could show the spots of the effect had rested were visible because the object had never fully landed. while SOURCE stated that the base of the object was about twelve feet above the ground, four new uses and a large object more than had been shown by marks on the ground above the place uv distances of fifteen and two respect objective and the point below where the fan of the object was located. The greenish oil covered the leaves and it was of the object...66 blades and some are struck by falling in certain areas of the soil oil was nearby, and it was possible to obtain a sample from scales mainly on the leaves. A quart oil can was found about 30 feet from the location of the soil spot. The Quart 10 van that was identical to an unnamed can found in the trunk of the SOURCE'S (un read the lack of anomalies or new ones marks on the leaves. The oil sample was sent to the university of Nebraska for analysis i. Results of this analysis are not yet available.

2. A farmer, H. was driving his truck about 2 eight from the scene at approximately the time of the incident when his rotor stopped. A highway mechanic was allowed and replaced the points in the distributor. The mechanic stated to investigators that he had replaced a broken rotor in the former's truck about 10 days before the incident and stated that a piece of the broken rotor had not been removed at that time. The niece of rotor lodged between the points and caused the failure.

3. The interview was concluded at approximately 1700 hours on 6 November projects. Two qualified psychiatrist in view of the incident for a period of nine hours. Their findings indicated that ':███░ █▓████ source explicitly. they also stated with his particular condition, he would undoubtedly enjoy the stability he was receiving from the condition of █████ hearing of the country health board were held at 2000 hours the evening and...


this document contains information affecting the national defense of the united states within the meaning of the espionage act, so ux c 35 and at amended, Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized Song is prohibited by law. it may not be reproduced in whole or in part, by other than united states air force agencies, except by permission of the director of intelligence, USAF, 
UNCLASSIFIED