The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is an old UFO report document.

The OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output of the text in the document is as follows:

to the impressions conveyed to it through the eye in this normal per- spective. Light rays normally travel in a concave path that interacts with the horizon. When the normal temperature distribution is upset, the light rays bend accordingly and optical phenomena result. Causes of mirage follow two basic patterns:

(1) When the surface air is exceptionally warm, the air expands and becomes less dense, causing the convex path to shorten and, under extremely hot conditions, even to become concave.

(2) Under conditions of a temperature inversion, with a layer of warm air over cold air, the path of light rays will lengthen to parallel the earth's surface at greater distances.

These disturbing conditions can cause mirage and eye will see unfamiliar or displaced and distorted images, which the mind is not immediately capable of interpreting correctly. Realistically proper- tioned mountains, cities and seas may be projected high into the atmosphere. On the other hand, land areas may be distorted and appear as separate images floating in the sky, giving the impression of suspended or flying objects. For an aircraft in flight, a cigar- shaped illusion of a land mass can change size dramatically with changes of only a few feet in altitude of the observer's aircraft, therefore, at extremely low and extreme speeds, going away from the observer eye contact is true at night in the case of objects formed by such light sources as search-lights, glow of lights from cities, automobile headlights, and celestial bodies. A tempera- ture inversion can reflect the image of an aircraft to another loca- tion in the sky and mirror it as two aircraft, perfectly joined, with one aircraft inverted below the other.

All common mirage, based primarily on temperature distri- bution, is of course only one type of the numerous meteorological phenomena producing aerial apparitions. Others are caused by reflection and refraction of light through various atmospheric structures, such as different types of clouds, water droplets, ice and frost formations, haze, and smoke. Combinations of meteorological situations, and even combinations of meteorological and astronomical conditions, can produce startling effects.

REFLECTIONAL DISPERSION

Combined refraction and dispersion of the earth's atmosphere can cause a celestial body to appear to be at a different location in space and distort its normal color at different locations in the sky. On the horizon, this condition is particularly prevalent. The planet Venus, for instance, will often appear bright red on the bottom and bright blue at the top edge, thereby giving the illusion of a flying saucer.

13