The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official US Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings. The document contains a detailed description of a UFO sighting that occurred near Duluth, Minnesota on December 6, 1957. There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed using optical character recognition (OCR):

"PONTIAC PROJECT "BLUE BOOK"
INTELLIGENCE DIVISION 
DIRECTORATE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS 
AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO
6 December 1957
MEMORANDUM FOR THE RECORD 
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting - Duluth, Minnesota 
ATTN: AFOIN-4A
1. At approximately 2330 hours on 6 December 1957, the following report was received from a project officer at Duluth AF Station:
2. At about 2100 hours on the evening of 6 December 1957, the on-duty tower operator and several others on the base observed a strange light in the sky approximately 15 miles northwest of the station. The light was first noticed by the tower operator and one of the airmen on duty. According to their description, the light appeared to be about the size of a star, pale in color, and seemed to be approaching the base from the northwest. The on-duty officer and several airmen were summoned and also observed the light. 
3. As the light approached, it appeared to increase in size and brightness. Suddenly, about five miles from the base, the light expanded greatly in size and gave off a brilliant white flash, illuminating the surrounding area. The flash was followed by a strange wobbling motion and the object then appeared to spin on its axis. This motion continued for about 30 seconds and the object then appeared to accelerate rapidly, gaining altitude and disappearing from view to the southeast.
4. Several attempts were made to scramble aircraft to investigate the sighting but none were airborne at the time. The tower operator, a TSGT, stated that the object was at least 50,000 feet in altitude and was traveling at an extremely high rate of speed when it departed.
5. I have no further details to report at this time. 

/s/ JOSEPH F. HARNISCH
Major, USAF
Project Officer