AF FORM 112—PART II
AAFROM 3 JUNE 1953

UNCLASSIFIED
(CLASSIFICATION)

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM (Origina)

Flight 1-D, 460d AISS

REPORT NO. 10-FOJ-1-57
AISS-UFO3-64-57

PAGE 11 OF 13 PAGES

Incl #2, Part Two, Rept 12-UFOB-1-57
Statement by CD

STATEMENT

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

22/23 March 1957

I received a report from Mrs [REDACTED] (Captain [REDACTED] wife) at approximately
2320 hours 23 March 1957 that she had sighted an unidentified object in the sky due
northeast of her home on Barbara Drive in Camarillo.

I had no reason to question her veracity; however, I did joke with her for a
few minutes as to what she had been drinking. She became most indignant, stating
that a large green iridescent object approximately the size of a plastic cabin on
a helicopter was orbiting and joyriding Northeast of her home. She further stated that
a similar one had reported one in the North American plain.

I explained to her how temperature inversions can cause reflections and weird
optical effects, and the conversation was terminated. Five minutes later, at approximately 2330 hours, I received another call from Mrs [REDACTED]. This time she
stated that two red lights had joined the green light and were zooming past it
horizontally at tremendous velocities.

I then called ART and asked if they were painting anything in that particular
area. Lt Martin (Director at ART) reported affirmatively that they had a stationary
object in approximately the area designated by Mrs Beaudoin. He stated that it was
not a normal stationary object.

I then called Mrs [REDACTED] and asked if she still saw the object. She stated
that the green object was hovering high (she estimated 45 degrees off the horizontal
due northeast). At this time, she became very frightened, stating that the two red
objects were on the back and approaching very slyly. She asked that I call the local
authorities and obtain assistance.

I was unable to contact the Highway patrol due to some operator in the Oxnard
exchange, so contacted the Ventura County Sheriff's office instead. They had a car
in the area, and contacted it by radio. The Deputy in the car reported that he had
also sighted the object and contacted another unit in Camarillo. This unit also
reported the same object.

In the meantime, the Sheriff's office contacted the Highway Patrol, who dispatched a vehicle to the area. I arranged a conference call between Mrs [REDACTED],
the Sheriff, the Highway Patrol, and myself. All police units reported the sighting
and conversed on Mrs [REDACTED] residence. The Highway Patrol reported a red object
or light was sitting in a field on the Leyton Ranch and requested two more cars to
help him investigate. This turned out to be a barn with red overhead lights on
the roof.

The Sheriff's department, meantime, had a car at Mrs [REDACTED] Deputy Sheriffs
Sagura and Nausel (sic) confirmed Mrs [REDACTED] report in every detail. The objects
had by then multiplied to one green and five red objects. All were in motion in an
arc of (sic) the horizon of about 20 degrees, and constantly changing altitude. The
red objects were strangely low, and the green object extremely high. ART called and

[stamp: UNCLASSIFIED]

---END OF PAGE---
FS-36754 U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE