There is no photograph present on this page of the document. 

Now, the OCR extraction of the text:

---

FLYING SAUCERS     OCT 57

The
KEARNEY
INCIDENT
By
Reinhold O. Schmidt

There has been so much controversy regard- ing the strange adventure of Richard O. Schmidt in contacting a flying saucer which eventually took him for a ride that we have asked him for his own story. Here it is...

My name is Reinhold O. Schmidt. I am a grain buyer from California. On October 25, 1957, I was transferred from Arizona to Kearney, Nebraska, by my employer, a firm of Brawley, Cali- fornia. At other times of the year I work for another company in Los Angeles, California. In leaving Arizona, I left a foreman in charge of my corn picking and shelling operations at WILLCOX, Arizona. I was using three Minneapolis-Moline picker shellers there which I had purchased on contract.

The afternoon of November 5, a dark and misty day, I was inspect- ing some fields of milo and corn that I had bought, and some that I planned to buy. I was four miles south, and a mile east of Kearney, when I turned to the left on a river road to inspect a large field of milo. After looking it over, at about 2:30 P.M., I drove to an abandoned farm home to turn around. Just as I was about to turn into the drive, I no- ticed a large bright flash about a quarter of a mile ahead of me. I fig- ured somebody was blasting trees although I heard no report - and instead of turning around I decided to drive ahead and see what was going on.

I drove toward the river bank and when I was within approximately 100 feet of it, my car stopped. I turned the switch off and on several times, and stepped on the starter, but it was completely dead. I won- dered if the rough road had jiggled some of the wires loose. When I looked up I saw what appeared to me to be a large half-inflated bal- loon. I got out of the car and walk- ed toward it; coming around a clump of willows and tail grass I got a bet- ter look at it, and I realized it wasn't a balloon, but a large silvery ship of some kind of metal that looked

31