The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed report from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

AIEA-33
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

TO: Commanding General 
Second United States Army 
Fort George G. Meade, Maryland
ATTENTION: A-2

1. Pursuant to instructions contained in letter, ATIC-AE-2, EIC, Subject: "Unidentified Aerial Objects", dated 17 September 1957, the following report is submitted:

2. On 13 November 1957, at approximately 7:55 hours, this officer received a telephone call from the Operations Officer, Defense Air Base, Maryland, reporting the receipt of a telephone call from the Provost Marshal, Fort George G. Meade, Maryland, concerning an unidentified flying object falling into the hospital area and disappearing into the buildings. This officer immediately called the Provost Marshal's Office and was informed that Chief of Police, Crownsville, Md., had notified the Military Police at Fort George G. Meade that an unidentified object had been sighted and that employees had been alerted and the object was observed to descend into the area at approximately 500-2000 feet floating to earth. The object disintegrated as it descended and appeared to be a bright light. Though no pieces were breaking away from the body of the object, its disintegration caused a disruption of the light and drew attention to the area. A small portion was obtained by M/Sgt. Slate, and said sample was forwarded to the United States Army, ATTN: ATISD-0, (Capt Staples).

3. As approximately 1330 hours, Capt. Paul S. Harrington, Asst., Post Operations Officer, Fort George G. Meade, informed that any publicity reference the incident was entirely his responsibility and that he was not subject to any military restrictions whatsoever, and that he was interested in the incident only to the extent that he was informed by the Chief of Staff that the incident was of such nature and that he was not subject to any military restrictions whatsoever and that he was interested in the incident only to the extent that he was informed by the Chief of Staff that the incident was of such nature and importance that it required an immediate on-the-spot investigation.