The image appears to contain a document or report that discusses a tracking radar system and its observations. There is no photograph present in this image. 

Text in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

speed difference. If the track had decelerated at this rate it should have progressed about 330 m.m. during the dead-reckoned period instead of the 850 miles it actually did travel, a large neither segment indicated a marked deceleration it would be more logical to suppose that if the track decelerated, it did so only for a part of the dead-reckoned time.

In this case, the time and distance correlation would have been even less acceptable.

Except for the high blip-scan ratio observed at each station, there was virtually no similarity in the scope displays on the track segments. The return scans at Montauk appeared to represent a normal target. The blips were approximately the same size and shape as normal target returns and the only discrepancy observed was the relatively great decrease in blip size as the track approached the Benton.

The blips at Benton were larger than normal blips and appeared round in shape. All blips in Benton's track were identical and exhibited none of the variations in size or intensity characteristic of real target returns. The manner in which the second portion of the track faded was entirely unrealistic for an outbound track. The blips remained large and round out to the point where the fade seemed abrupt, which is quite unlike anything normally observed.

The fade on the portion of BB-6 carried by Montauk was more abrupt than would be expected for such persistent returns but is believed that a real track could fade in this manner.

To summarize the discussion on track correlation: the correlation in the courses of the two segments of BB-6 is remarkably good while the correlation in time and distance, even assuming a highly unlikely speed profile, is questionable. There seems to be no similarity between the scope displays seen at the two stations. Track BB-11 carried by Benton.