The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which describes an incident involving the sighting of two "E-M and Non-E-M Saucers" near Alamogordo, New Mexico. The text provides details about the sighting, including the size, shape, and movement of the objects, as well as their potential connection to the planet Venus. The document also mentions the reactions and responses of the military police and local residents to the incident.

E-M and Non-E-M Saucers

The next UFOs reported in this series belong to the old-fashioned, non-E-M variety: From White Sands Proving Grounds near Alamogordo, New Mexico, came a report that military police, while patrolling the range in a Jeep about a ago Sunday, were surprised to sight an orange light, shaped like an egg, hovering in the sky. From its apparent distance (two to three miles away) and apparent size (as large as a grapefruit held at arm's length), the observers deduced that it was larger than 150 to 175 feet in diameter. It descended slowly towards the ground and disappeared. (According to some versions, it later rose into the air again and disappeared.) Members of another Jeep patrol, about three miles away, also reported seeing the object at about eight o'clock; they said it was a bright, glowing object hovering in the sky but, instead of landing, it suddenly climbed until it got so far up it looked like a star. Both, however, should be noted, continued to function normally.

The White Sands incident again dampened the excitement. The description of the light that appeared at 2:30 A.M. included certain doubtful features. The night had been overcast and so dark that the officers said the light appeared brighter than the stars. It made two or three distinct stops or reversals. Since the sighting had not included any object of known distance or size for comparison, the estimates of the UFO's distance and size were of no value. The light might have been small and close or larger and farther away. The White Sands explanation was that the men had glimpsed the moon (then roughly half full) through broken clouds, and that the apparent movement was due to fluctuations in the clouds. An unquestionably the planet Venus. They nearly at maximum brilliance. It was a conspicuous object in the western sky after sunset and inspired many saucer reports during this week of anxiety.

The White Sands incidents had reached the papers, however, and by Monday afternoon, flying saucers were allegedly stopping automobiles as far north as Cannon Air Force Base. But the Southwest continued to hold the center of the UFO stage against all competition.