The image does not contain any photographs. The text found in the document is as follows:

Science News Letter for August 24, 1957

Strange Tiny Tempests on Air Bases?

STRUCTURAL FAILURE of the "skin" around missile-launching devices at rocket bases may be due to tiny tempests, or "tiny tornadoes," caused by the launching of rockets and missiles, according to reports received by the University of Michigan Institute of Science and Technology.

The motion is very similar to that of ocean tides, the paper said. The force working to produce structural failure is a wave motion set up directly by the rocket exhaust. The vibrations and wave motions are too rapid and too intense to be picked up by ordinary anemometers and instruments that measure winds and air currents. The effects, however, have been indicated by damage to "skin" structures, the paper said.

Chemists Develop Most Sensitive Test for DNA

RAPID and convenient detection of minute amounts of DNA and RNA has been developed by chemists at the University of Wisconsin, Madison, reported the Science News Letter. DNA is the carrier of heredity in living cells.

The new method, which is an order of magnitude more sensitive than any previous test, depends on the fluorescence that occurs when a fluorescent dye combines with these biological molecules. Using this method, the Wisconsin chemists claim they can detect as little as one-billionth of a gram of DNA or one-ten-billionth of a gram of RNA.

Narcotics from Pistol Subdues Sharks in Sea

FOUR HUNDRED pounds of seconal, a barbiturate sedative known as a "goofball," were needed to subdue two sharks caught off Long Island recently, according to Dr. Perry W. Gilbert of Cornell University, Ithaca, N.Y., who reported on the incident.

The sharks and their livers were brought back to shore for a study of mating habits and of all the tranquilizers and narcotics known to man. Harpoons fired from a pistol into the sharks were the method of delivering the drug, which takes effect in about 30 seconds. The drug acts as a general anaesthetic, sedating or paralysing the sharks completely. After about 30 minutes the effects wear off and the sharks recover fully. No harm to the sharks results from the drug, it was reported.

New Concept of "Pipe" Microwave Radio Signals

A NEW method of transmitting microwave radio signals through tubes and conduits instead of through air has been developed, according to the Science News Letter.

The new method, called "waveguide transmission," can handle up to 1,000 times the microwave power and carry signals over very much greater distances through tubes and conduits than can be achieved through air, the report stated.

Microwaves, which are very short radio waves, are precisely tuned to the size of the conducting tube or pipe and are fed into one end. The pipe or tube then carries the waves precisely down the tube. The waves must be tuned or matched to the tube size, changes in temperature, and must be adjusted periodically.

Dr. Simon Ramo, of the Hughes Research and Development Center, says this new "pipe transmission" of microwaves will eventually be used for many purposes, including coast-to-coast television and telephone transmission, according to the Science News Letter report.