There is no photograph present on the displayed page.

Here is the OCR text extracted from the document:

```
OFFICE OF
BUFFALO COUNTY ATTORNEY
BUFFALO COUNTY COURT HOUSE
PHONE 5561
KEARNEY, NEBRASKA

KENNETH S. GOTOBED J. KARR TAYLOR
COUNTY ATTORNEY DEPUTY COUNTY ATTORNEY

March 6, 1958

Lieutenant Gary Alexander
Unidentified Flying Objects Group
Air Defense Command
Colorado Springs, Colorado

Re:
Dear Sir:

Pursuant to our telephone conversation of yesterday,
March 5, 1958, this is a follow-up of information that I have
which might be helpful to you in anyway which you night desire
to use it. Enclosed you will a of the type of handbill
that was circulated around Kearney, Nebraska on the 5th of March,
advertising the lectures and also you will find enclosed a mimeo-
graphed sheet which was handed out to persons who attended said
lecture. A person who attended this lecture reported to me that
there were only between 25 and 30 persons who attended the lec-
ture. Whether or not there will be a larger crowd this evening,
of course, I cannot forecast. There was no advance notice through
any of the new media that this program would be in town, so if the
purpose was to make a money making venture out of this, it was
poorly handled. The observer who reported to me concerning the
meeting commented that there was much talk by Mr. (title) and Mr.
Also that the authorities, the Air Force, were doing everything
they could to keep this information from the public, there was
also a comment according to his observer that the Air Force In-
vestigators attempted to have Mr. (name) change his story. Of
course, I know that is not the fact since I was present when Mr.
(name) was being interrogated, and I know that you only attempted
to take down everything he had to say.

My observer reports that Mr. (name) related at the
lecture that he had another contact with this same saucer ship
and the same occupants, on the 5th of February, 1958 near Elm
Creek, Nebraska, a few miles West of here. He supposedly took
a ride in it this time.

I am also enclosing in this letter a report
provided to me by the psychiatrist. As I recall, you asked me to
furnish you such a report.

I doubt that this is all particular interest, however,
it is forwarded to you in the outside chance that it may be of
value.

Sincerely,
Kenneth S. Gotobed

KSG:npr
```