The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document, likely an excerpt from a Project Blue Book report.

recording of his interview with Mr. C. in summary: the tape recording is essentially the same information in this CIVIL DEFENSE Report. (This document)

On 10 March 1959, Major Friend and M/Sgt Hill of the Aerial Phenomena Group, USAF-Dayton visited Chanco, Taylorsville and Montville, Ohio in connection with the incident at Galion, Ohio. The Sheriff was very cooperative and revealed all the information in his files concerning this incident. The Sheriff stated that he heard about the case the morning after the sighting, when Mr. C. came into his office. The Sheriff's information was obtained from Mr. C. The Sheriff's report contained a drawing of the object made by Mr. C., a copy of which is attached.

In Taylorsville, Ohio, a contact was made with Mr. L. H., a principal witness. Mr. L. H. pointed out that he was one of the three persons that took readings on the object. The other two were Mr. C. and his son. Mr. L. H. stated that they were also able to see some markings on the object, which were very deep, in a diameter of approximately 4 inches. Plaster casts or these marks were made by Case Institute in Cleveland, Ohio. Samples of this object were also taken to be given for specific radiation level readings. However, no specific readings given.

The object was reported to have fallen. Mr. L. H. stated that it was a quiet relative, low-flying object and that he said that he was near his house and should have some witnesses. But there rather deep imprint which remained about 12 inches and backs were concerned with the investigation were those of rabbits, muskrats, birds and dogs. Radiation level measurements were taken, but follow the normal background.

The final visit was made to Mr. C. to obtain first hand information concerning his sighting. He had moved and was located only by intensive leg work. Finally he being traced through the following is the interview as closely as can be remembered.