The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image, the output is:

the category of "mysterious disappearances" come this story from Linnipstown Township, New Jersey. On March 18th a 23 year old boy who had been left for only a few minutes to play with his brother and voluntaries have searched every inch of the southern New Jersey township, yet he was never found. Repeated effortty others to find the sounds of house have met with no success. People throughout the house due to the careless bag with the condition which perhaps have been done of the dents in the wall and the fresh paint on the door, more than a week later his mother made her scalp tingld. Other citizens have joined the family searching the house for possible clues. A Norwegian explorer says he has found positive evidence that the New World. Carbon 14 tests have succeeded in dating a primitive forrest calls, and plant life to an age of 300,000 years before Columbus landed in the West Indies. On March 7th,1957, state trooper T.H. Blankenship, while investigating a 6-pound chunk of iron crashed through the roof of an auto parked in the yard of Bill Mason, whose residence is about a mile from the spot where the chunk landed. Blankenship said the iron was not generally used in aircraft and appeared as if it fell from a tree, which scientists claim to have brought two prehistoric tritons (vertebrates resembling lampreys) according to recent reports. One of the animals lived for five weeks, and slept for three weeks. BY BOOK REVIEW (Note: In spite of our recent review, we still feel obliged to give our frank opinions about all current books, including those published by Hauserianbooks.) BENDER MYSTERY CONTINUED - edited by Gray Barker (Published by Saucerian Books) "This book is a collection of letters from Gray Barker from a number of people who read Albert K. Bender's "Flying Saucers and the Three Men" which was published in 1962. Little headlight would be shed upon our understanding of the Bender book or to our understanding of the saucer mystery in general. All the way from subtle hints to direct statements, it is clear that Barker intends to withhold from us any knowledge that might emanate from the Bender case. This effort appears to be a literary work, for the publication of letters carries "the duty of creating a literary work".