The photograph in the document is a simple drawing. It depicts an object's movement trajectory, starting from a point labeled "A", following a curved path with a direction change indicated by an arrow, and ending at a point labeled "B".

The text in the document reads as follows:

```
(Page 4)
23. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made.
Place an "A" at th beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path,
and show any changes in direction during the course.

A                             B
O-------------→O

22. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object
was in its longest dimension.
Feet.  ? .

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the
following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?

(Circle One): a. Head of a pin  e. Silver dollar
               b. Pea            f. Half dollar
               c. Dime           h. Baseball
               d. Nickel          i. Grapefruit
               e. Quarter         j. Basketball
                                  k. Other

22.1 (Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your
answer to Question 22.

a. Certain          c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain   d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
Seemed to fade out. Twist moving up 37º
15º and supposedly went - as it became to sight through.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw,
we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that
you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be,
and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object
or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance
as the object which you saw.
Difficult to estimate size, alt., appearance, or distance - suppose
approx. 1/10 to 1/15 actual street 3 to 4ft diameter altitude,
-tie cotton less course however same thickness. Shape of the
the picture less clear not clear - there was structure at the 
time - 375 ft total position of view together with 2 
step tipping on pivot 2' at top of 7x50 N-17, Binoculars.
```