The image appears to contain a newspaper article with the title "Little Men in Flying Cigar: That's What Teacher Saw". The article discusses an encounter between a teacher and what she describes as "little men in a flying cigar". The article provides details about the teacher's observation and speculates on the nature of the sighting.

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)                 16 DECEMBER 1957
SAYBROOK, CONNECTICUT

One of the most unusual sightings related to the Two-State UFO Study Group for adults was an encounter in December 1957 by a schoolteacher from Connecticut. This teacher, whose name and location are concealed, encountered a strange object over her home windows, and at least four passengers, which hovered near her home and seemed to be communicating with her, according to her report.

Little Men in Flying Cigar: That's What Teacher Saw
By Ralph Chapman
According to the Civilian Saucer Intelligence in New York, this is the story as the teacher told it:

"As I was sitting in my room one evening, I happened to glance out the window and saw a large, cigar-shaped object hovering silently over my house. The object appeared to be about 60 feet long and 20 feet in diameter. 
As I watched, fascinated, I noticed four small figures inside the object, peering out of windows. The figures appeared to be human in form, but only about four feet tall."

The teacher said the figures were dressed in something resembling tight-fitting metallic cloth. She said their heads were slightly larger in proportion to their bodies, and their skin appeared to be a pale, greenish color.

"I stared at the figures for several minutes," the teacher said. "They seemed to be looking around, not directly at me, but just surveying the countryside. After a short time, the object began to slowly move away, gaining considerable speed as it went. In the space of about 30 seconds, it had disappeared completely from sight."

The teacher said she immediately reported the incident to the Civilian Saucer Intelligence, which is attempting to investigate the sighting. The claim that the object was "cigar-shaped" and contained the reported occupants is considered significant by students of the UFO mystery.

Stuart Nixon, director of the civilian group, said the case is being thoroughly investigated and will be included in a forthcoming report. "We feel this is one of the most unusual sightings to be reported to us in recent years," he commented.