The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a written report or document describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting in Bowling Green, Ohio on November 11, 1957.

Mr. BOSU, Bowling Green, Ohio, 11 Nov 57, Subj: Unidentified Flying Objects (Cont'd)
the windshield directly in front of me. The object appeared to be about 45 degrees at my position with the horizon. It appeared to be coming downward slowly and to have a definite flight pattern. The time elapsed from start to light of the object due to the light of oncoming cars was lost sight of the object and didn't see it again.
I arrived in Clyde, Ohio around 7:00 P.M. I went directly to my girlfriend's home, which is about 12 miles from the city limits on Route 20. 
I decided to go back to Clyde and get some oil for my car before all the gasoline stations closed. I drove out the door, I saw another one of these brilliant flashing objects. It was very easy to observe the object, but because of the darkness of night and partly due to the house and the brilliant, red flashing light coming from it, it seemed to me that the light was brighter from the top of the object than from the bottom of it.
When I first noticed the object, it was in a northeastern position continued north and then proceeded northwest. It did not have any definite flight pattern but kept moving up and down around and about. There is a Turnpike Plaza three miles north of the city of Clyde and from the light I could see my girlfriend's house was a long way behind the object. As I drove closer toward Clyde, the object moved farther and farther away toward Sandusky Bay; the light was still very brilliant. I then directed my line of vision toward Clyde and saw another one of these objects.
I could see that this one was moving because in my line of sight it was going and I observed the object move behind the trees. I would look at one for a while, lose sight of it and look at the other one. At times I turned my head fast enough, I could see both of them flashing. Finally the first one disappeared in what seemed to be clouds very far away. The second, moving behind the trees, also disappeared in the direction of the city of Clyde. The first object I observed for about three to four minutes.

From my observation, this is to my best of knowledge an accurate report of my experience.

FOR THE PROFESSOR OF AIR SCIENCE: 
JOHN D. SMITH 
Captain, USAF
Adjutant