The image appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The page contains a diagram showing the positions and relative brightness of various celestial bodies, as well as some accompanying text discussing the prominence of the planet Venus in the evening sky.

Transcribed text from the document:

ASTRONOMY

Venus Most Prominent

Venus, the only planet now visible in the evening, is a brilliant object in the sky and will soon be joined by the "morning stars."

As JAMES STOKEY
Staff writer reports we are in
the midst of a period when Venus
is most prominent in the evening
sky. This is an event that occurs
about every 19 months and is
known as the greatest elongation
of Venus. This means that the
planet appears at its greatest
distance from the sun as seen from
the Earth. It is this event, coupled
with the fact that Venus is now
between the Earth and the sun,
that makes the planet shine so
brilliantly in the evening sky.

After the Venus passes between
the Earth and the sun, it becomes
too close to the sun to be seen and
disappears from the evening sky.
Then as it swings around to the
other side of the sun, it reappears
in the morning sky, becoming a
"morning star." It will continue to
be seen in the early morning sky
until next April, when it will again
pass between the Earth and the
sun and become a "morning star."

The diagram below shows the
relative positions of the planets
and the major stars of the sky for
this time of year. The bright star
near the top of the diagram is
Aldebaran, the bright star in the
constellation Taurus. Below it are
the Pleiades, a famous star cluster.

Bright Birds in the sky

There are numerous bright celestial objects in the
evening sky now, in addition to Venus. Saturn, the
ringed planet, is high in the southwest after sunset,
and the brilliant star Arcturus, which is part of the
constellation Bootes, may be seen in the northwest.

The most prominent object in the sky, however, is
Venus, which will soon be joined by Jupiter and
Saturn as the "morning stars." As the evening wears on,
a group forming the letter M will appear low in the
northeast. This, of course, is the well-known Big Dipper,
which is part of the constellation Ursa Major, the Great
Bear.

What is generally considered to be the brightest
star in the sky, however, is Sirius, the Dog Star, which
becomes more prominent in the southeastern sky each
evening as winter approaches.

The Crescent Moon's Phase

This is Orion's Season
The appearance of Orion in the evening sky marks
the arrival of winter. This famous constellation, with
its distinctive three stars in a row forming Orion's Belt,
is already high in the south at nightfall and will be
setting in the west by midnight. The stars of Orion have
been used by navigators since ancient time to determine
directions.

During the month, the crescent moon will appear low
in the southwest on November 13 and we will then
have a nearly full moon from the 14th to the 16th. Then
from the 17th to the 23rd, a waning moon will appear
in the morning sky. A new moon will occur on November
29. Thus, the cycle of lunar phases from new to full and
back again is clearly evident this month.