There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

from 11:202 (or 11:022) until 11:402, the ALA-6 was again showing an S-band sig-nal, which would indicate the continuation or recurrence of the previous signal. Further, the signal pixetz according to the visual observers, "moved in a strange and erratic manner."

This is precisely what would be expected if the S-band signal were coming from the aircraft-signal detector radar which would be at a distance of roughly 180° as the BB-47 headed north. (See Fig. 6.) Furthermore, the signal should persist with little variation in strength, and show little or no relative motion, if it was coming from a ground source within the normal limit of cover-age.

On Sept. 5, 1951, I first wrote to ALA-6 operator McClure, seeking clarification
of some aspects of this case. In his reply, dated Sept. 10, McClure volunteered the following view:

"I personally think that there was no airborne signal of this nature, so I can only assume that it was ground based generated signal must have been observed."

In a subsequent telephone conversation and later correspondence, McClure re-stated his opinion even more emphatically.

"If the CPS-6 type signal had indeed come from an airborne vehicle, the signal
would have been within receiving range of the air defense radars at Houston, Dallas
and Oklahoma City. There it would have been detected. As there were no detections
or any CIRVIS reports from these radars, I am forced to conclude the signal must have been. come from an airborne source within receiving range. YET THERE WAS NO REPORT
OF ANY VISUAL OBSERVATION SO FAR AS I KNOW."

Furthermore, if there had been an unknown craft flying in the vicinity of the BB-47, it would have been detected by many air defense radar stations in Mississippi, Arkansas, Louisiana, Texas or Oklahoma. But no CIRVIS report for this area, and no such visual observation.

Curiously, the formal teletype report filed by the Duncanville radar station commander, within four hours of the incident (14:432), said the report was "No significant detection -- no further information." The report said nothing substantial about "any airborne target of the magnitude of a BB-47 according to instructions."

This seems to contradict statements by the BB-47 crew members, yet there is no reason to doubt the veracity of their account. The only logical explanation for this apparent discrepancy is that between the time of the incident (roughly 10:53) and the Duncanville radar station's report, the airborne object or signal had either gone out of their reception range or had simply disappeared.

If this were the case, the Duncanville station commander might well have been tempted to submit a "no significant detection" report, and would logically try to minimize the whole incident with the cryptic phrase, "No further information." NEGATIVE CONTACT WITH SUBJECT -- by the time the unknown was identified, it may have been well beyond direct radio communications range of Duncanville.