The image contains a photograph of an unidentified object or document that appears to be related to a report or investigation. The text in the document discusses the details and analysis of an incident observed at Montauk, New York, including the velocity, trajectory, and potential effects of the observed object. It also mentions aurora borealis as a possible factor. The text is presented in a technical and analytical manner without identifying any individuals.

UNCLASSIFIED
order to produce a horizontal component of velocity of 5,000 knots (the approximate average velocity of the first segment of BB-G). In the nearly two minutes (95 seconds) that Montauk carried the track, a meteor at this velocity would travel about 975 n.m.i. In the vertical plane. Thus, detection would have had to be made when the object was at least 275 miles above the surface of the earth.
On the other hand, a meteor at 23,000 knots, following a trajectory flat enough to be tracked for 95 seconds by radar, i.e. within 100 miles of the earth's surface, would travel nearly 600 n.m.i. horizontally at a horizontal velocity of 22,500 knots.
To summarize: A meteor following a trajectory having a horizontal component of velocity consistent with the speed of track BB-G as seen at Montauk would have had to be detected nearly 600 miles above the earth's surface without benefit of a cloud or trail of ionized gas. Such a feat is considered extremely unlikely for a rotating, surveillance radar.
A meteor remaining close enough to the earth's surface to afford even a remotely possible visual range would have to travel at a speed of at least 22,000 knots.
6. Aurora Borealis: Aurora Borealis was also a factor considered by the team as having possible effects of this nature. Research into past history on the subject indicates all known aurora effects in the radar frequency spectrum produce receiver saturation by random noise, creating an entirely different scope condition from those observed during this incident. No instances have been recorded where auroral effects have produced just one or two tracks similar to those observed at the Montauk station.
UNCLASSIFIED