There does not appear to be any photograph in the provided image. The image shows text from what looks like a document or report related to a UFO sighting.

Notes for UFO report in accordance with your instructions.
Date Interview Conducted: 9 December 1957
Interviewer: Capt George H. Janczewskl, USAF Ext 70236
Source: Civilian, employee at Van Nuys Airport, Chic, member of the Indiana Air National Guard, 163 FIS
Content of the report: Source flew an F-86 at 44,000 ft on 26 Nov 1957, while about 15-20 miles west of Joliet, Ill. The Source sighted an unidentified object in this area. The description of the source was that the object appeared to be a relative bearing of 2700 and a distance of 10-15 miles. The source described the object as yellowish in color, round and fuzzy in outline, as having a hazy source and intermittent light emissions. The object gained in size and when he put his index finger on the aircraft's windshield the object appeared to be the size of his finger. Source contacted Chicago ARTC via radio and inform them of the sightings. The message was conveyed to ADDC and ADDC controller asked if he could Identify the object. Source reported the object disappeared from his sight by fading in the distance and turning slightly left. The source then a slight of 2-3 miles going southwest. Source described and attempted to contact the F-86 to verify his sighting but was not successful in contacting the other aircraft. Investigation indicates this which was his 12th actual visit to the area, about which he was previously questioned about the size, shape, speed and altitude of the object. Source believes he had a good idea of the characteristics or performance of the object. Except for a slight turn to the left the object made no other maneuvers. The object was somewhat flat, metallic in appearance.
Investigations: Interviewer talked with F-86 pilot who confirmed and questioned him in details. ATIC Form 164 is attached. Following the interview the following individuals were also contacted:
Fq 2034 Air Div, USAF. Michigan
Fq 2034 Air Div. Greenway AFB, Mo
Eq 701st ACAW Sq, Hanna City AFS, Ill.
Eq 319 FIS Intercp Sq, Bunker Hill AFB, Ind.
Eq 782 ACAW Sq, Rockville AFS, Ind.

All of the above and no unusual or suspicious incidents or activities on that date and at that time. The FIS reported no aircraft in the area. The flight Operations officer was contacted and said there were no WADD aircraft in the area at that time.
The officer who filed the original report, Capt Bast, Senior Controller, ADCC 20th ADS, said he checked the sike of the report, Capt Bast, and found no unusual incidents. Chicago ADDC confirmed by Capt Bast on 20 Dec that there were no other sightings from 15 Nov through 15 Dec.