The image contains a photograph of an unidentified flying object that appears to be an aircraft. The text accompanying the image discusses comets and meteors and their effect on the field of mistakenly-identified flying objects. It also mentions that under certain atmospheric conditions, an aircraft can appear to be mirrored in its own reflection, and that this phenomenon may be further exaggerated by distortion through haze or mist.

In the text:
In the past, both Venus and Mars, when low on the horizon, have been observed to change color and move at fantastic speeds. This phenomenon appears low on the horizon during the spring and is unusually bright. Mars has been reported to resemble a flying object when it was low on the horizon in early summer. If one of these planets is starred at for any length of time without any blinking motion of reference, it can appear to perform erratic maneuvers. Thus, the planets of brighter magnitude in our galaxy provide a constant source of illusionary flying objects.
Comets and meteors have their effect in the field of mistakenly-identified flying objects, although sightings of comets are rare simply because their incidence is so low.
Comets are nebulous bodies revolving around the sun for the most part in long ellipses. Although their periodic returns are certain, many such as Halley's comet, which is expected to return, are sometimes missed owing to ellipses, can be expected to return. The nucleus of a comet, a minute disk of condensed light, sometimes in brilliance the nearer its orbit brings it to the earth. Some comets become bright enough to be discerned even in daylight. Since the long tail of the typical comet is composed of matter repelled away from the sun, it may either follow or precede the head, depending on whether it is approaching or going away from the sun.
Under certain atmospheric conditions, an aircraft, such as the C-118 portrayed here, can appear to be mirrored in its own reflection. The fantasy of this phenomenon may be further exaggerated by distortion through haze or mist.