The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document describing a UFO sighting. There is no photograph included in this particular page, only a detailed text description of the sighting event.

Transcription of the text:

DETACHMENT 4 
1006TH AIR INTELLIGENCE SERVICE SQUADRON
United States Air Force
Norton Air Force Base
California

10 November 1957

S-T-A-T-E-M-E-N-T

I sighted and photographed an unidentified object at 12:10 A.M. on the morning of Wednesday, November 6, 1957.

I was driving West on Katella Ave. on my way home. As I approached the Santa Ana Freeway overpass, a strange light appeared in the sky ahead of me and it seemed to be moving, I continued up onto the bridge, which crosses over the freeway. As I stopped my car to take a look, I noticed the light had descended and seemed to hover over Disneyland. I turned and advanced the roll of film one frame as a precaution against a closer approach. 

As I continued to observe the object, it seemed to me that it was hovering over Disneyland. It seemed as though it was a very thick circular shaped object. It appeared to be a weird gaseous mass glowing in a vivid pinkish red color and slowly oscillating or pulsating.

Looking across the top of the carand bracing myself between the car and opened door, I located the light in my view finder and snapped the picture. While I was advancing the film, the light suddenly disappeared. I only took one picture of it.

When I got off work that afternoon at 2:00 P.M. I drove to the Garden Grove Motel. I intended to leave the film for regular 24 hour processing. There was only one photographer with the Garden Grove Daily newspaper with me. When I showed him the film, he insisted upon taking the film to have it developed and stated that he would develop the roll free. He took the film with him in his car. When we arrived at the newspaper office, he took us waited in the city room. After the film was processed, he called us in to look at the negative saying, "You didn't get a damn thing!" Upon closer inspection of frame 1, which was quite dense, revealed a small vague image. The photographer conferred with their city editor while the negative was drying.