ROUGH DRAFT - to protect my secretary's eyes from solar bad due to
                        bad handling,

ments given publicly by the press, this Center recommends
consideration be given to include the following in the forth-
coming D.D. rule as:

a. Habitual to the widely publicized "Space Ship over
New Mexico" photos: This photo/graph was shown in all the major
U.S. newspapers, in well-known publications such as NEWSWEEK
and LIFE, as well as some coverage by radio and TV. It is given
greater intricance by its purported connection with Dr. Carl
Jung, the world-renowed psychologist, who is allegedly a
"saucer believer". Although later developments have indicated
this origin, no later official negative, our examinations
and analysis indicate the object is a cloud. USAF Research and
Development, who also examined it individually, and without
our knowledge, concurs. This office submits the following for
possible use as an explanation to the public:

   (1) The sun's glint rays near dawn or dusk may
       often impringe themselves upon small detached
       cumulus clouds having flat bases and shallow,
       rounded domes or cylindrical shapes. The
       phenomenon can create a more effective illusion
       particularly when a type of cumulus cloud, a
       lenticular alto-cumulus, is involved. This
       cloud form, whether seen with the naked eye
       or photographed, has the well-defined shape
       and appearance of the typical so-called "Flying
       saucer".

   (2) These detached cloud forms having "saucer" or
       "space ship" configurations are often photographed.
       When these photographs are plotted as to location,
       distance and size they will invariably show the
       object to be huge in size. For example, in a
       recent case the object was computed to be over
       one-quarter of a mile in size, floating slowly
       over a fairly large-size city and adjacent to
       an airway having considerable aircraft. One of
       the largest airplanes in the world is the B-36
       whose length is less than 170 feet and certainly
       would be noticed by any number of people if it
       passed over any populated area. Yet, often
       the sources submitting such photographs urges
       to accept the logic that it is odd that any
       craft 10 to 20 times larger than one of the
       largest aircraft in the world can pass over a
       city in broad daylight and in an area where
       (unknown to the reporter) there were a number of
       military and civil aircraft, covered 24 hours
       a day by radar and other units, and no report
       of anything strange or unusual reported or
       observed by these or others in the area.