The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

Text extracted from the document:

We have reached the end of an era. It has been a decade of great satisfaction in the saucer field to publish full-length books "about" the subject. Books are gradually more cautious. Magazines cannot be much more restrained. Since we began our publishing activities in the book field, we have had to follow the rather strict policy of Dr. Donald Menzel, who stated in his book "The Saucer People" by Brinsley Le Poer Trench that "the saucers were undoubtedly a psychological phenomenon". The saucerian bulletin rests on other very capable shoulders. We regret the loss of Dr. Donald Menzel's leadership, and we hope that the brilliant work of his associates will be recognized and their efforts further stimulated. RECENT UFO STORIES

SAUCER NEWS EDITOR JOINS EXPEDITION TO NEW MEXICO CAVES: Not long ago we received a letter from Mr. LaPaz in Albuquerque, New Mexico. In it he describes a most unusual expedition he has planned for early June. He has invited certain members of our organization. The latter from Mr. LaPaz states: "There is a strange cave somewhere near this locale. Two discs of car headlight diameter have been reported coming out of this cave. A few feet in the mouth of the cave, the discs appear and then disappear. Approximately 70 persons have witnessed this phenomenon. Just upon the spine that no one was able to go down any further." Each individual invited will be guests of Mr. LaPaz for several days. We would not be shocked if it was accepted, that members of the expedition will be allowed to take photographs of whatever is seen. And to write up their experiences for SAUCER NEWS. Don't miss it!

EXCLUSIVE REPORT ON SOUTH AMERICAN SAUCER "FLAP": As announced in our two previous issues, a continuing saucer "flap" seems to be taking place in South America. Unfortunately details are lacking somewhat as to the full extent. However, we will keep you up to date. Even though practically no mention of the South American saucers flap has been made in the press, indications point to something quite "big" down there.

On the night of January 30th, more than a dozen people in Ica, Peru, saw a brilliant-white luminous object hover and maneuver in the sky. It was visible for approximately 30 minutes. Other sightings were made during January in San Juan and other parts of Peru. Flying saucers seen near Parmana, Argentina, in January, are said to have emitted "strange particles" which in analysis were found to be radioactive.

Some of these strange particles were collected and were found to be radioactive.