There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document or report, containing text that describes an investigation or incident related to an unidentified flying object (UFO).

needle skip 3 to 4 given degrees! I invited the corporal to conduct these same experiments and result was identical to those that had conducted.
One instant later,we then went up to the route that was followed by the apparatus in flight and to the right (approximately 100 meters) to the other signal pole where the apparatus had also passed. This pole(indicating to the Brignoles) is also magnetized and proved it by showing the skip in the needle of the compass another time to 15 degrees. Thus on the third pole,that was situated in a direction towards the village of Vins-sur-Caramy at approximately 6 to 8 meters ,the needle did not move at all on the compass. This test was negative clearing showing that the other two poles were greatly magnetized and this really amazed the police.men. The latter also reenacted the investigations that I had previously conducted on the apparatus poles and reached the very same results and therefore came to the same exact conclusions.
Then we moved to the small path where the aircraft had supposed landing ground. There was remaining magnetism on the ground. This the/same (0.40 meters to one side) that was opened (in a dry state)revealed a remnant magnetism that made the needle of the compass move approximately 15 degrees,like poles #1 and #2.
The apparatus was then supposedly only 1.50 meters from the irrigation vane at the maximum. These tests were then repeated by the corporal,the warrant officer and the policemen were also very important and especially in the absence of the magnetism on the pole that was precisely the one that had been submitted to the vibrations that the other poles had. Only a profound and appropriate study and investigation of these results could let one confirm that it was in fact related to a magnetic phenomenon that was natural or consecutive of the groun environment.
We returned to the village, thanks to the presence of the policemen I was able to return and encounter Mr. ????????. The latter assured of the fact that I was an investigator (he did not want to have to go through another interview for any newspapper !) he was willing to go and fetch his wife and Mrs. ???????? that were in hiding in the near hill ! This is why I was finally able to talk with the witnesses I our interview.