There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, containing text describing a UFO sighting.

Transcription of the text in the document:

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)

23 September 1957
Old Greenwich, Connecticut

II: Plane Spotter Watches Odd-Shaped Object(s) Eject "Silvery Stuff"

At about 5:20 p.m. on Saturday, September 28, 1957, Mrs. B. and her 7-year old daughter were having sandwiches in the back yard of their hilltop home in Old Greenwich, Connecticut. Mrs. B., while gazing over Long Island Sound to the west, was suddenly attracted by a small plane flying over Long Island Sound to the northeast. She said it was flying in an unusual manner with a dipping, fluttering motion, and at one point it appeared to eject or expel some "silvery stuff" from the rear. At about the same time she noticed a strange, shiny object in the sky just to the east of the moon, which through the binoculars appeared to be a large inflated balloon, translucent in color and slowly drifting to the northeast. 

Just at that moment the object moved off to the right, described a wide horizontal arc, and then returned to its original position, repeating this maneuver two or three times, each time more slowly and drifting motionless again for fifteen or twenty seconds, during which time Mrs. B. had it in view through her binoculars. The connecting delivery strands were wavy, as though in a slight wind. While the small plane was maneuvering, Mrs. B. said she had the distinct impression that the two objects were in some manner related or connected.

After a short while the connection seemed to break, and the shiny object began drifting more rapidly to the northeast. Mrs. B. described the object as silvery, round, and somewhat larger than a basketball. It was clearly visible, not blurred or indistinct, but Mr.---(deleting name) who was also watching it from the house, said that the object described a third circle like its earlier maneuvers and then seemed to dwindle to a spot through the clear sky, and was out of sight within a few seconds.

Mrs. B., whose distance vision is excellent, had also noted the selection of the delivery material, which she saw begin to float downwards in vertical strands. She compared the appearance to a "delivery sparks" of an exploding object, but Mr.---(deleting name) thought it was merely a "tail streamers" attached to the silvery object. It is possible that a small balloon may have been used as a carrier for the "silver stuff," which may have been some kind of experimental observation instrument or apparatus. The object was clearly visible for quite a long time, Mrs. B. said, but did not see it again. She asked her husband if his wife had ever mentioned it to him, he had said no. This object appeared to her to be intelligently controlled, but she is quite convinced that if his wife had ever mentioned it to him, he had paid no attention, as she found him quite uninterested in the matter. (This is a delicate point, as the attitude of witnesses may be suspect.)

Neither the aircraft nor the UFO had disappeared. Two saucer-shaped jets, possibly Vulcans, passed over heading southwards and climbing. Later other jets were seen to join them. The movements of the aircraft and the UFO jet seemed to Mrs. B. possibly coordinated but the significance, if any, she did not attempt to interpret.

No conclusions could be drawn. (Neither by Mrs. B. nor the investigators.) The type of object seen by Mrs. B. and her daughter is, of course, uncertain and may have been of a conventional nature. But after discussing it with the research section there was general agreement that it is not proper to accept this as an ordinary sighting until more details and information come to hand concerning whatever it is they do with that angel hair--maybe refueling each other--and that it appeared more animal than mineral. This certainly seems acceptable. Some of the material was subsequently found, and would suggest that there may have been an observational basis for at least two UFOs.