There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the OCR of the text:

```
Major Quintanilla
1 June 1965
Page 2
Elmwood Park, Ill., Nov. 4, 1957 Sighting

I re-enacted the entire incident with them, riding in the car with the
fireman, while the HIJC people were in the squad car ahead. The officer
and the fireman’s story agreed in the basic account, although they
disagreed somewhat on sizes and on the height at which the object was
observed.

At about 3:00 a.m., a squad car was patrolling the alley-way behind a
row of stores on [REDACTED]. They had proceeded about two blocks
down the alley (the total length of which was nearly a mile), when they
perceived an open window in the back of one of the stores. They stopped
to examine it with their spot light, but just then the spot light and
their head lights dimmed very much, so much so that the officer said that
a match would have been brighter. This being the case, they took a
flashlight from the car and went out to examine the window and to look
under the hood. At this time, they said they noticed a bright spherical
object above and ahead of them. I questioned them very long on the size
and appearance and the best I could get was that it was like an ir-
descent orange beach ball except much larger. The fireman said that
whenever after that he bounced a beach ball, it always brought back
this incident to him. As the object moved down the alley, but above the
alley, the car lights came back on. The engine, however, never had
stalled but kept going the whole time. They trailed the object and
whenever they turned their lights off, the object seemed to hover, and,
so to speak, watch them. As soon as they turned their lights on, the
object moved off.

The men trailed down the alley for fully a half mile to the end of the
alley where it met a cemetery. They paused at the end and turned their
lights off. The object slowly descended and hovered just a few feet
off the ground. Here [REDACTED] kicked on the "brights" and the
object ascended very rapidly fifty or sixty miles an hour!! It also
took off westward. The officers now jogged right for a quarter of a
block to join Belmont Street and pursued the object down Belmont Street.
Here [REDACTED] said that it cavorted from curb to curb back and
forth as though "thplaying games with them". The fireman maintains that
the object was higher up.

The color or brightness never changed throughout the entire episode,
which lasted some ten or fifteen minutes. There is a stand of trees in
the cemetery and alongside Belmont on both sides. The object periodi-
cally became lost behind the trees. After about a mile and a half, they
made a U turn and came back east on Belmont, having lost sight of the
object. As they got back into Elmwood Park, the object approached them
from the left from a stand of trees, passed over them and to the rear.
They made another U turn and pursued the object again westward. Very
soon after this, they said the object ascended to a great height.
```