The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document. There does not appear to be any photograph on this particular page. 

Here is the text extracted from the document:

to other concerned radars and UNCLASSIFIED
d. CONAD Forces Eastern CONAD Region: The Combat Operations
Center personnel promptly noted the track and properly passed track
information to those Air Defense Divisions along the probable flight path
of the object. The appropriate divisions were placed on increased readiness. 
Interceptors were scrambled ahead of the track along its dead-reckoned course.
e. NORAD: Operational procedures at the NORAD Combat Operations
Center were in accordance with current directives. Track information was
passed to CONAD Forces Central CONAD Region in time for them to have interceptors on CAP along the probable flight path of the track. Preliminary
information on this track and on NORAD actions were passed to the SAC
Control Center and to the USAF Command post.
2. Analysis of Track Overlays: The most obvious feature of the two
segments of Track 11-42, and one which contrasted most directly to the
original correlation, was the similarity of their courses. The first
portion carried by Montauk described a course of approximately 2500 while
the course of the second portion carried by Benton was about 2780. A line
drawn along the "average" course of the first segment and extended to the
area where the second part of the track was established passed within about
20 miles of the point of detection of the second segment. Courses of radar
tracks on bomber aircraft are seldom more consistent than this.
The first track segment appeared to curve slightly toward the
vest just prior to its fade. This change in course was based on only one
or two returns however, after discussing the track with the station operating personnel it was concluded that this change was well within the normal
variations caused by plotting errors. This turn then, may not have actually
occurred.