There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a document containing a typed report.

CONFIDENTIAL
INFORMATION REPORT
District Intelligence, USAF
CONTR: District Intelligence DC-Intelligence, IND
SUBJ: Strange objects, and who at one time had been attracted to the rental units with the War Planning
 and Training Center in the Cambridge, Mass. area, and what the outcome of the visitation by these strangers was in the armed
controlled vehicle. 
Dated 14 November 1957

1. Mr. George D. MAX, Chief Technical Information and Intelligence Office, District Intelligence, Cambridge 
...

2. Records of the Operations Office, MAJ. Dumont, M.I. reflect that no aircraft from unit station were observed fighting
 in the Martha's Vineyard area. 

3. Records of the Operations Office, MAJ. South Weymouth, Mass. reflect that between the hours of 1800 and 0100 on 12 October 1957, approximately 20 of these aircraft were jets. The Operations Officer advised that the duration of these operations were Handled over in Washington, and that this matter no comment further by his office.

4. Mr. John C. DUNBAR, engineering pilot, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Instrumentation Laboratory, stated that a disfunctioning test equipment was conducted by his southwest laboratory and that the M-39 involved in this burst over the Martha's Vineyard area at the time of SUM-LIGHT sighting. He advised that maximum height at the test center was 1,500 feet, and that maximum duration of the flights was 12 seconds, and that no lighter-than-air craft based at that station were in the air on 12 October.

5. Records of the Ops OFFICE, MAJ. South Weymouth, Mass. reflect the following surface weather conditions for 12 October 1957: skies clear, visibility 15 miles or greater all day, surface winds 10 to 15 knots from the northeast, and temperature of 50 degrees Fahrenheit. Records further reflect clear skies at 20,000 ft. with average winds of 20 knots from the northwest, and calm flying conditions prevailed.

CONFIDENTIAL