The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text describing the official time-tracking of a balloon (UFO Report, 15 May 57).

Transcription of the text in the document:

(1.) OFFICIAL time-tracking of the balloon (UFO Report, 15 May 57)
was as follows:
(a) 0750: True Bearing - 70 degrees
(b) 0800: True Bearing - 80 degrees 
(c) 0810: True Bearing - 60 degrees
(3.) Therefore, interpolating for the first two time-tracks, the bearing is exactly 75 degrees. Using an average of all three, the result is 70 degrees.
(6) Observation tends to show that when first observed, the estimated angle of elevation of the object was 11 degrees, and 10 degrees when disappearance.
(7) A trigonometrical treatment of the data in the official UFO Report (Appendix A(I)) indicates that the angle of elevation during the period given by the observer was approximately 30 degrees.
d. It has been repeatedly proven that without accurate instruments and devices, a person cannot reliably estimate within 10 to 20 degrees of the actual elevations, particularly in areas where such distractions overshadow the horizon.
e. Therefore, allowing for the known inability of the average person to correctly estimate angles and times, the bearings and elevations of the balloon released, almost perfectly coincide with the figures given by the observers.
f. Further factual data to support hypothesis that object was balloon:
(1) Reference balloon launching site and observers' location given in UFO report. - These two points are approximately 20,000 yards apart. It is significant to note that the observers were almost due east and slightly south of the balloon launching site.
(2) Reference winds aloft in UFO report. The prevailing winds at that time were blowing due east.
(3) Reference paragraph 1(c): the location of first sighting, if the time-track of the balloon released, due east, is plotted from the weather station to and east of observers' location at the time given in the UFO report (which states the observers first saw the object would have passed them), the object would have been exactly due north of their location (see sketch, enclosure #1).