There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a declassified document related to "Project Blue Book", a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED (SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in)
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
REPORT NO.: LV-24-57
DATE: 1 Oct 57
ORIGINATING AGENCY: Dir Intel
that At 1550R, 1 Oct 57, were informed by AGCAS 0-2 USARCARIB, that civilian and military personnel of USA FAROLA at Fort Clayton, Panama Canal Zone, sighted an unidentified flying object on 21 Sept 57.
in question, he was behind the 'Fort Amador Post Exchange' which is the only two-story building on this island when he became aware of the object. At first it appeared to come through the sky and then hovered above the exchange for several minutes in a "stationary hovering attitude", pointing none of its features to him at this time.
This object made no noise, and appeared to be emitting a fluorescent white glow. The object was moving at a stated rate of speed of approximately 100 or more knots when it became discernible.
The object was similar in size and shape of a disassembled C-54 fuselage. It passed completely across the sky from west to east in approximately 3 minutes. The object was partially obscured at this time by small cross-wind currents. When he moved to another position, the object was not to be found.
He said that he spent several minutes studying wind conditions, etc., and conditions at the radar station without success.  The following morning, Pvt Hannan interviewed the radar Station officer of the 65th AAA Group at Fort Clayton who stated that they had tracked the object on radar. Claybourne a radar operator, said that they had followed the object in its motion and that it moved at a tremendous speed and then disappeared. This site was approximately 7 miles across the immediate area.  
Private Hannan is an intelligent, lucid, individual, with a serious mien.

1. DESCRIPTION
a. Cigar shaped
b. About the size of C-54 fuselage as seen from 1500 feet and illuminated from the interior.
c. Luminescent white -
d. Size: N/A
e. No external features discernable
f. N/A 
g. See narrative report for additional details