The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, and it does not contain any photographs. The text on the page is a detailed description of a reported UFO sighting that occurred on September 6, 1957 in San Diego, California.

OCR text output:

"PER I2/VS21
APDX 8U
ASN # L131

16 OCT 1957

"I turned west and assumed a heading of 230 mps, with the light continuing to gain altitude. As the object continued to climb, it changed from a white light to a brilliant white. It seemed to assume an oval shape and gave the appearance of glowing intensely. The craft operated at an extremely high rate of speed, from an estimated 600 knots to 1000 knots IAS and still observed no range rate.

"From Point Loma, on out the object climbed steadily and it collected in a degree of 52,000 feet. The object then leveled off at 45,000 feet and stabilized. After following for 10 miles and stabilizing, the object then made a very tight turn closed to 10 miles and stabilized. After following for 5 miles, the object then increased in speed to 180 knots IAS and still observed no range rate.

"The object continued to maneuver, but in no more than 10 seconds - and then closed to within 7.5 seconds of the initial sighting. The object then reversed course at 6000 feet and about 40 miles from Point Loma, the object then climbed rapidly and out of sight.

"Although the operator switches to manual and searched continuously, no further observations were made.

"Visual contact was maintained for a distance of 30 miles from sight before lost.
PSTORM: Point Loma operators contacted and advised the report. They stated they had picked up the object on their radar and could track it without difficulty from time of initial sighting. They advised the object leveled off at 45,000 feet and that was the highest altitude shown on their equipment.

"After landing I spoke by phone with the tower operator. His comments are better made in a separate statement, but he agreed the object he saw and that reported by me were something other than a conventional aircraft. He saw the object at the same time I observed it."