The image appears to contain a scan of a page from a document titled "Venus Most Prominent". There is no photograph present in this image, only text and a star chart diagram.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

Venus Most Prominent

Venus, the only planet now visible in the evening, is a brilliant object in the western sky. It soon be joined by the "leonids," "shooting stars."

By JAMES STOKLEY
First brilliant object you see in the western sky these evenings at dark is the planet Venus, now shining as a splendid evening star. Venus is the planet nearest to the Earth, and of all the planets, it is the one most often seen. It has been observed since the earliest times, and has played an important part in the thinking and beliefs of many peoples.

Venus comes and goes at regular intervals. At the present time it is to be seen in the west after the sun has set, because Venus is on the opposite side of the sun from the Earth. But after a few more months, it will be lost in the solar glare and will not be seen for a while.  

To the naked eye, Venus appears as a brilliant point of light, far brighter than any of the stars. It often casts a shadow, and can be seen in the daytime if you know where to look for it. The brilliance of Venus is not at all constant, but varies considerably with the changing angle at which we see its sunlit side. When Venus is between the Earth and the sun, we see it nearly full, and it is then at its brightest. This is the time when it appears as the "evening star." But when it is on the far side of the sun, we see only a small crescent, and it is then much fainter. This is called the "morning star" stage.

Orion's Season's Finest

This is Orion, the warrior, easily recognized as one of the most conspicuous constellations in the winter sky. The three bright stars forming his "belt" are the most familiar part of the figure. To the right as Rigel, both of the first magnitude, forming the shoulders of the giant. Betelgeuse, the reddish star, marks Orion's right shoulder, and Bellatrix his left.

Orion is beginning to appear in the east as the night falls earlier now. By mid-evening it is high overhead, in the familiar pose, with his club raised. He is the dominant figure in the southern sky and will remain so throughout the winter season until spring.

Bright stars in the sky

These main stars, which now show the stars are "winking." From left to right the stars are Deneb, at the top of the cross known as Cygnus the Swan, Vega, the brightest star in Lyra, and Altair, the bright star in Aquila. These three stars form the "Summer Triangle," which is high in the western sky as the evening falls. Deneb is in the bird's tail; in fact, the word "Deneb" is Arabic and means "tail." These are the three bright stars in the familiar summer sky.

But the eye is drawn first to Orion, the giant warrior, as he strides across the southern heavens. His long legs, stretched forward, his club arm upraised, makes a striking picture against the starry background. Below Orion is another famous winter constellation, Taurus, the Bull, with the bright star Aldebaran, one of the best known in the winter sky, marking the Bull's eye.

The symbols for stars in order of brightness are: first magnitude, second and third magnitude, and so on to sixth magnitude, the faintest that can be seen with the naked eye.