The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book report document.

RECENT NEWS STORIES
This story is a bit one of old date, but it seems to meet some of our American readers: In December of last year, three men found a small flying saucer with hieroglyphics around it on a moor near Yorkshire, England. The men were driving up a steep hill on the road one night, when the engines of their car suddenly died out. According to their report, they then saw a flying saucer the size of a small automobile hovering about 3 feet off the ground. One of the men, named Hutton, then took a flashlight and went out to examine the object. He maintained the object was 17 feet in diameter and was made of a material like copper, silvery grey in color. There were hieroglyphics on the outside. Hutton and his friends examined the object for several minutes. On the way back to the car, he claimed to have met a man and a woman on a little-used path. When he returned to the spot, the object and the two figures had disappeared. Another man, who is not identified by name in the papers, had picked up the mysterious object, and Hutton and his friends eventually report it from him for $25. They then lent it to another unnamed man whom they believed to be an authority on flying saucers.

The case of this mysterious saucer-shaped 25-foot object is made of copper, about two inches thick. According to this report made public on 17 December 1957, the object had a light shining through the middle, and with a flashlight it is possible to look into the interior. The object is found to contain some copper tubing and with a flashlight it is possible to see a quarter-inch in diameter metal cylinder. Also inside is a powdery substance of some kind. The object has a strongly made and it is more than a mere hoax. It must have considerable purpose.

There are hieroglyphics on the outside of the saucer, and when the object was opened it was in the form of a book. The above-mentioned flying saucer measures 17 feet in diameter, and the witnesses described the object as silvery grey in color. Friendly messages inside to be dealt with by philosophers, not by officials, God shows this. UFO inside is massive, and larger than this one which is described... It must come the sun you call earthly. Wherever I live, I will not say. You see a fierce face, another planet. I think it was derived or presenting certain ideas which at the moment we cannot give you more about. The body of scientists, they say, are trying to put over their message in a way, might be guilty of a breach of trust. We of SAUCER NEWS are inclined to agree in general with this interpretation, assuming that the saucer is not an outright hoax after all.