There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a project blue book UFO report document. 

The text of the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

SUBJECT: ATSS
RCS: AL/l'E-65-331-587

CONTENTS OF THE FOLLOWING MATTER

This report contains the following comments concerning the descriptions, reliability, etc., of the subject incident. The observers are civilians (Part I) and an airline pilot (Part II).

Part I: The observers were watchmen on duty (Part I) and an airline pilot (Part II). They were traveling along the highway near Levelland, Texas, when they observed a large, brightly illuminated object hovering over the highway. The object was glowing and seemed to be surrounded by a halo or ring of light. As the observers approached the object, their car engine and lights failed. A short time later the engine and lights returned to normal operation. An examination of the car revealed no apparent mechanical damage. Thereafter, other similar incidents were reported in the same general area. No complete explanation has been found for this phenomenon.

Related with the above, the following additional details are noted:

Weather: There were no clouds. The object was observed to be hovering above the highway. No trail or exhaust was visible.

Reaction of Observers: According to the observers, their car engine and lights failed as the object approached. After the object moved away, the engine and lights resumed normal operation. No damage to the car was found.

Significance of this Report: This observer's account describes a rather striking incident which appears to be similar to other incidents reported from the same general area. While the cause of the phenomenon has not been satisfactorily explained, the fact that several apparently reliable observers have reported similar experiences suggests that the incident may be significant and worth further investigation. The ability of the object to paralyze the operation of an automobile engine and lights is of particular interest and may indicate the presence of some unusual field effect. Thorough on-the-spot investigation of any future similar incidents would be highly desirable.

WILLIAM B. ECKER
Lt Colonel, USAF
Operations Officer

UNCLASSIFIED