The image contains a photograph of a "SPACE CATERPILLAR" that was observed on October 13, 1957, shortly after midnight on a clear Sunday morning. The document describes the sighting, noting that the "caterpillar" was shrinking and stretching, contracting and expanding, and its color constantly fluctuated between white, blue, and green. The observer, Mrs. Sophie Rashkoff, commented that the object went dark and disappeared at times. The document suggests that this sighting is an authentic observation.

No Case (Information Only)
13 October 1957
Long Island City, New York

SPACE "CATERPILLAR" LAYS EGG

October 13, 1957: Shortly after midnight on this clear Sunday morning, Mrs. Sophie Rashkoff, residing in Long Island City, New York, about 225 above the horizon, observed a very large white light in the west-northwest, about 20 degrees above the horizon. It was certainly no ordinary star, for the object was constantly changing in length about 2 to 3 degrees. This "caterpillar" was shrinking and stretching, contracting and expanding, and the color was constantly fluctuating between white, blue, and green. At one time, the object was yellow rays emanating from the left-hand end of the object. As one time, the object seemed to divide into a head and a tail, and this division moved along the length of the object. At times the object went dark as it swelled and disappeared. Altogether the object was under observation for about 15 minutes.

Mrs. Rashkoff, the mother of CSI member Benjamin Rashkoff, was in bed asleep. Her son was apparently awakened by the light and called his mother to observe it. In his initial observation, he comments that he saw a "twinkling star." But it seems inconceivable that the object he observed for some time (15 minutes) could actually have been a "twinkling star." His description, as given by his mother, is certainly an authentic one, and the observation is apparently an authentic one. The changing colors and the shrinking and stretching characteristics are difficult to explain in terms of any ordinary phenomena.