The image contains a text passage, but does not appear to contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

simply stating that he had been sworn to secrecy as to what had happened in March of 1959. Mrs. Moore sent me a copy of an air force letter that she had received from Capt. Eddie Pederson, and that is what she told me had been told to her - that she would not divulge this information about it, and that it seemed to her that Olden had confirmed the fact that a saucer researcher named Frank Halstead (Olden's colleague at that time) had convinced him, after he, Olden, had somehow become convinced that on that occasion Mrs. Moore had made the tape, to please Halstead, and the tape was subsequently sent to officials to defend the air force - the cause of this tape that the two officers from Wright-Pattèrson AFB told Olden was the result of confusion into which they had been led, resulting from the contact between Mr. Moseley and Col. Friend. Officers from Wright Field told Olden that what had happened on rare occasions these huge fireballs were seen for periods of over a minute, but that were no photo from Mr. Moseley or Mrs. Moore - they only said that on some of the occasions the huge fireballs were seen, and that Olden told me that while he let the officers think they had convinced him, he told mere that he knew I was right - that there was no fireballs! But Olden told me that what he did think they had convinced him of was that Mrs. Moore actually thought she saw the objects, hut that it wasn't any fireballs or that sort of thing - that what they thought were fireballs was actually the reflection of the moonlight on the objects' mirror-like surface. It wasn't any fireballs at all, as Mrs. Moore was thinly led to believe - as the officers told Olden that they had concluded. The mystery, he inferred, was what really took place at the time of Moore's sighting. If this is the case, then, he readily thinking he between all the officers - perhaps my personal knowlenge of Olden was incorrect of his methods of solvine ases had been given to him by someone else. The officers from Wright Patterson had persuaded Olden to Washington D.C. and had shielded the facts from Moseley. There is no doubt in my mind that Olden Moore the truth!

THE MYSTERY OF THE DISAPPEARING PLANES

Readers of Major Donald Keyhoe's book "The Flying Saucer Conspiracy" will recall the story of a routine patrol flight from the U.S. Naval Air Station at Fort Lauderdale, Florida, on Dec. 5, 1948. It seems that three separate planes on that flight suddenly vanished and were never seen or heard from again. This disappearance has been called "one of the greatest and most incredible mysteries in aviation history." It is from the latter source that the following article has been condensed.