The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a form with instructions for providing details about photographic evidence of unidentified flying objects. The form requests information such as the type and make of camera used, the film, lens, shutter speed, and other technical details about the photography. There is no photograph visible in this particular page.

Text OCR output:

                                      Report
                                  of Photographic Evidence
                                  (This is a sample form)

          1. (a) Date and time photographed: 
          (b) Location: (Outdoors, window, etc.)
          (c) One photograph, forward the negatives
          and two prints. Slide the prints carefully
          Into cardboard stock.

          2. (a) Circumstances: (What led to the taking of the photos?)
          (b) After securing the film strip for an impartial
          examination, the camera was returned to the owner.

          3. (a) Irregularities noted with the camera, film, developer, etc.
             that would affect the precision of the photographs.

          4. (a) Photographs: Information for estimating the details
             of the object photographed, such as apparent size and
             apparent velocity, and movement.

          L - (a) Type and make of camera.
          L - (b) Type and make of lens.
          L - (c) Film used and type of film.
          L - (d) Shutter speed used, that is, "T"
          L - (e) Lens opening used, that is, "f"
          L - (f) Was tripod or solid stand used.
          L - (g) Was "focusing" used, and to what point.
          L - (h) Was object in motion, or at rest, with relation to the earth, and
                 was earth's rotation taken into account?
          L - (i) Any other data with regard to the general conditions under
                 which the photograph was taken.

          By Order of the Secretary of the Air Force
          OFFICIAL