The page contains five small hand-drawn sketches at the bottom portion, presumably to illustrate the phenomena described in the text. There are no actual photographs present on this page.

Below is the text obtained via OCR:

```
OBJECT IN THE SKY

On the night of July 28, 1957 I saw a large phenomena in the sky. I place the sighting of this object on the New York and the New England side and about a third of a mile over the Sound, directly across from Larchmont, New York. The phenomena or unknown was about a mile above the surface of the earth. The object was round and yet the edgings were not true. They were oval and went in and out. The unknown appeared as a great white light and as I became aware of what I was seeing I knew that I had better stay alert and record the happenings for I knew immediately that this was something extraordinary. I could see the colors red, blue, green and white. And as I stated above, the make-up and predominant color was white. The colors which I was able to see were in front of the edgings. The edges were definitely white. The colors were blinking on and off and there was good timing about them. That is, there was no lagging, no unnecessary intervals between the blinkings. There was order, timing and precision and it was constant. The colors went on and off continuously. The colors which I saw were white this is all conclusive white. This object moved very slowly toward the shore line and at the same altitude about a mile. As I have said before, Upon reaching the shore line the colors and this all conclusive white weakened from the outside. That is to say, the edges and wakeness of the light, started from the edges and worked inward toward the middle till there was nothing. Or to put it another way, the phenomena just shrunk and became nothing. It vanished.

Five minutes went by and the same or like phenomena appeared in relatively the same position and at the same altitude. Along with it appeared another object with the exact and unmistakable characteristics as its mate. I could now see two great bodies of light. The movement, the lights, the colors; were, at this moment, doing and acting just like the first sighting as described above. The second object with I speak of was farther out over the Sound and was about 175 yards to the left of its mate. Both were at the same altitude. Both were moving in on the shore line. The new mate, the one to the left, was moving just a little faster for it was moving in on the other phenomena.

When the new object appeared to be about 50 yards from its mate a change commenced. The colored lights were going on and off. And suddenly the colored light condensed and became four great jagged pieces of light like that of lightning. The new object was now all white but the four jagged pieces of light dominated and made the remaining light look silly. Or, to put it another way, the four jagged pieces of light were about ten times brighter and greater than the remaining light. I saw the four pieces of jagged light for about fifteen seconds. Then the colored lights went on and commenced to go on and off. And then from the edges, working inward, the object turned to a rusty red. At this point the phenomena to the left went into and behind its mate and they became one. While all of this was going on the object closest to the shore remained white and I could see the colors blinking on and off. The remaining object continued to move in on the shore line and the lights continued to go on and off. At this moment two airplanes passed over my head and directly in line with the object that I saw and at the approximate altitude. I said to myself, "This is going to be interesting." And eyes once more focused on the remaining light which was now a third of a mile over the land. At this moment the light shrunk and became nothing.

The experience which I have just described above took place at the Stamford Yacht Club and occurred from 9:40p.m. until 10:05p.m.
```