There is no photograph present on this page.

OCR Text Output:

THE KEARNEY INCIDENT

in the outer office.
This went on for approximately sixteen hours with photographers and newsmen coming in from surrounding cities - and even other states. At 9 P.M. the chief of police and I appeared on a local radio station. At 10 P.M. we appeared on a local TV station. These programs were released on national networks.
There was a school bond election that night in Kearney. Some folks said the excitement was started to spoil the election. Nevertheless, the bond issue carried.
So many reporters and other interested folks flocked to the city that there was a traffic jam for blocks around the police station. Within the police station there was standing room only. The last trip I made to the site of the landing that night was 3 A.M. Even at that time there were about thirty cars out there and a crowd of people milling around.
The activity continued all night long until between 5 and 6 A.M., when the officials changed their story and suggested that I change mine too. I told them they could change their story if they wished, but I wouldn’t change my story unless it was for the security of the United States. This they couldn’t prove, so I stayed with it. Then they asked me if I would take a lie- detector test.
“Not now,” I said, “I’ve been talking for sixteen hours, but I will after I have had a few hours’ rest.”
By that time I was hoarse from talking; I had been under the photographers’ lights for about fifteen or sixteen hours. I told the officials I was going back to my hotel room then and go to bed. But the chief of police said I couldn’t do this for they were going to hold me.
“For what reason?” I asked.
They didn’t know, they said, but they were just going to hold me, and they did.
So I went to bed in jail. When I got up a few hours later I asked them if they wanted me to take the lie detector test. They said it wasn’t necessary. Later I was advised that I was right in refusing to take the test when I was in a state of hunger, fatigue and strain. But I will still take the test if the officials of Kearney will take it with me.
About 10 A.M. that morning (November 6), the county attorney brought in two oil cans to me and he said they had found some evidence and I might just as well change my story. He said the empty can was found within a few feet of where the ship was supposed to have stood. The other partly filed can, he said, was of the same lot number and was found in the trunk of my car with the can opener beside it.
I told him he would have to think up a faster one than that. Either he couldn’t see, or I couldn’t see, or all the officials of Kearney couldn’t see, or about five or six hundred other people who had walked up and down the river bed all afternoon and night couldn’t see. For the oil can was supposed to have been found just that morning - within a few feet of where the ship had been standing. I suggested they take the fingerprints off the cans they found, but to my knowledge, they did not.
The cans they showed me had circular holes in them. The can opener I had in the car cut a triangular hole. The two cans of oil in question’ were of the Veedol brand. I still have the two cans of oil in my car that I had been carrying with me then - one is of the RPM brand and the other Skelly. A local radio announcer told me later on that the Veedol Co. had announced that they sold 5,000 or more cans of oil a day and they wanted the public to know