There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document.

SUBJECT: Detailed Analysis of Edwards AF Base UFO Sighting - 9 May 57

a. Further factual data to support hypotheses that object was balloon:
(1) Reference to balloon launching site and observers' location given in UFO reports. These two points are approximately 20,000 yards apart. It is significant to note that the observers were almost due east and slightly south of the balloon launching site.
(2) Reference winds aloft in UFO reports. The prevailing winds at that time were blowing due south.
(3) Reference paragraph 1a(2), azimuths of first sightings. If a time-height relationship is assumed, due east, it is plotted from the weather station to end east of observers' location at the time given in the UFO report (which states the observers first saw the object at due north) the object would have passed out of sight inasmuch as the observers first saw the object at due north.
(4) Reference paragraph 1a(11)(a) of UFO report. Object traveled in generally circular course and all times appeared to stand still, change shape and pulsate. These are the typical characteristics of balloons and supported by hundreds of UFO reports found to contain no other explanation.

e. At 1030 hours, 9 May 1957, Maj C. D. Hill, MCOIC, Aerial Phenomena Group, contacted Detachment #21, 4th Weather Group, Edwards AFB, regarding further details on the balloon information mentioned above the following:
(1) The balloon released at 0740 on that date, measures approximately 60 to 70 feet at launching, and can expand to 70 to 90 feet.
(2) Major Wininger stated that the alleged UFO was obviously this balloon.
(3) Further, Major Wininger stated that this information was given as routine information Service Officer of Edwards AFB.

3. Analysis of Theodolite Photographs of UFO: Based on a study and analysis of the series of Theodolite photographic prints, the following are considered comments pertinent to the incident:
In the UFO questionnaire, both observers report that the object was about 150 to 175 feet in diameter. Yet the object on the photographs examined 7 minutes after the observers first saw it was scarcely larger than the width of the cross hairs.