The image contains a photograph of Sputnik, the first artificial satellite launched by the Soviet Union. The text describes eyewitness accounts of people in Indiana who reported seeing a bright object in the sky, which they believed to be Sputnik. The article discusses the characteristics of the observed object, such as its speed and brightness, as well as the responses from officials and experts.

As an OCR system, the text extracted from the document is as follows:

Sputnik Sighted 
Elkhart and Gary
Looks Like Dog Star, 
Says Boy Watcher
Indians residents around Elkhart reported they saw what appeared to be Sputnik tonight as it hurried across the sky, the Elkhart newspaper and Elkhart radio station reported calls from many residents of the area.
Generally the object was described as slightly less bright than the North Star, was traveling from south to north and was west of Elkhart.
Almost all the callers said they saw the object at about 5:45 a.m.
Gary Hall, 15, of Gary arose to watch the passage of the object. He said he spotted the object, moving south to north, and it was in sight for several minutes.
Hall said he reported the object, thinking it was a beachball, he added.
The object is described as a round, white, glowing mass about the size of a beachball, observers said. Status is described as "hovering and moving".
WKAM, said he spotted it at 5:49 a.m. "It was moving in a slightly northward direction about halfway up in the sky," he said. "It looked like a bright star except that it was moving."
He added that to his way of thinking, the object was of about the size of an average star in the sky.
Bond said Sputnik II was "real enough" and is scheduled to enter the atmosphere today and disintegrate.

AF Cracks
Code Beeps
of Sputnik II
Moscow, Nov. 6 (AP) - An Air Force team has closed a special scientific team at the Air Force missile test center at Patrick Air Force Base, succeeding in "breaking" the codes of signals from the second Soviet satellite, Sputnik II.
The officer said the beep signals now are being monitored and recorded by the center's Electronic Intelligence Team.
The officer said a later announcement will be made on what the code beeps reveal about the satellite and its performance.