The image contains a document titled "UNCLASSIFIED" which appears to be a supplement to an Air Force Form 112. It does not contain any photographs, but rather several sketches or diagrams labeled as "SOURCE: 1. sketch of UFO", "SOURCE: 2. sketch of UFO with arrangement", "SOURCE: 3. plan view diagram", "SOURCE: 4. sky diagram", and "SOURCE: 5. sketch of UFO's elevation."

Transcribing the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
(SECURITY INFORMATION)

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

ESTIMATING AGENCY 
Detachment 10, 1006th AISS  
DATE OBSERVED 
19 Aug 56
LOCATION
near Lower California, Mexico
OBJECT
That appeared to be a large, silvery object, about (12) feet in diameter, and of some dark material. SHAPE estimated the height of the objects from ground level to be 2,000 to 2,500 feet. This was a cylindrical object with a dome shaped top. The object was completely silent and was apparently rotating. When SOURCE got to see the object better, he said it had been hoverly near a mountain and had then lifted off vertically and had disappeared over the mountain.
The object was at an altitude where it almost hurt his eyes, and the objects lifted off the ground for about 2 to 2½ minutes before disappearing overhead.  He watched the highway, afterward, and saw no visible trails of any type to the ground or any visible outlining of the objects after it disappeared.  
The ground where the object had been was flat, and there was no impression made on the ground by the object. SOURCE examined the place where he had first seen the object and there were no markings or impressions in the sand where the object had been. There had been no sound and the impressions in the sand where the landing gear had touched the ground were obviously needed.
The individual source is considered RELIABLE. The details given by him tend to be accurate. The object disappeared and there were no trails, smoke or sound after it had lifted off. The source had no prior knowledge of seeing similar objects in the area.

(SECURITY INFORMATION)

AF, 1 OCT 54 112a