There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text output from the document:

Reference paragraph la(1)(a) of UFO Report. Object traveled in easterly direction at all times. It appeared to be round, 50 to 60 feet in diameter, lighted, and gave off a brilliant light. Characteristics of balloons, and supported by hundreds of lUF observers found to be balloons.

2. At 1030 hours, 24 May 1957, M/Sgt O. D. HILL, MOORE, Aerial Phenomena Group, contacted detachment #21, 4th Weather Group, Edwards AFB, regarding further details on the balloon aspects of the case. In conversations with Hill, the following data was obtained:

(1) The balloon released at 0710 on that date measures approximately 6 to 7 feet at launching, and can expand to 70 to 80 feet.
(2) Major Winenger stated that the alleged UFO was obviously this balloon.
(3) Further, Major Winenger stated that this information was given to the Information Service Office, Edwards AFB, (7/76/58 Hill's report attached as inclosure #5.)

3. Analysis of Theodolite Photographs of UFO: Based on a study and analysis of the theodolite photographs submitted to this Center, the following are considered comments pertinent to the incident:

a. In the UFO question, both observers report that the object was about 150 to 175 feet in diameter. Yet the object on the photographs, after being photographed and the photographs enlarged (7 diameters), was noticeably larger than the width of the cross hairs.
b. It is difficult to understand why it was decided to photograph an object that was in sight for almost 30 minutes, after it was a mere speck.
c. Both observers state object 5,000 feet away when first seen, and approximately 60 miles away when last seen. This analysis based on the image details in the photographs suggests an object at a maximum of 10 to 12 miles, the object would need be a minimum of 52 feet in diameter to be a minimum of 52 feet in diameter to be the observed size at 60 miles distance, assuming ideal atmospheric conditions and the ability of the lens to resolve the image.
d. Using a more realistic distance, of 10 to 12 miles, the object would need be a minimum of 5 to 7 feet in diameter. This correlates with the dimensions of the balloon usually released. (Analysis of the theodolite photography is attached; see inclosure #6.)

e. It should be noted that practically half of the image sizes are at or within 0.013 of their longest dimension indicating a number of points along the track of the object.