The image does not contain any photograph. It is a scanned page from a document titled "Flying Objects and Their Characteristics" under the "SECTION I" header.

TEXT CONTENT:

SECTION I

Flying Objects and Their Characteristics

DEFINITION
Air Force Regulation 200-2 defines an unidentified flying object as any airborne object which by performance, aerodynamic characteristics, or unusual features does not conform to any presently known aircraft or missile type, or which cannot be positively identified as a familiar object.

Unusual weather or light conditions may transform many familiar objects into unidentified flying objects. The speed of the observer's aircraft and sudden climb or descent may produce distortions of vision which cause unknown objects to hover, perform erratic maneuvers, or disappear suddenly. Many of these flying objects can be identified as follows:

(1) Conventional aircraft observed from unusual angles.
(2) Model jet aircraft flying at great speeds and high altitudes.
(3) Reflections of sunlight, moonlight, and starlight from aircraft.
(4) Searchlight reflections on clouds.
(5) Meteorological and upper air research balloons.
(6) Meteors, comets, and stars.
(7) Planets observed at certain times of the year.
(8) Meteorological phenomena.
(9) Cloud formations.
(10) Birds, especially migratory formations.
(11) Dust and haze.
(12) Flares, fireworks, and flares.
(13) Rockets.
(14) Contrails.

A meteor, a comet, a balloon, or an aircraft, under certain conditions, assumes speeds, movements and shapes which are entirely uncharacteristic of the object under normal circumstances. Aircraft at great heights can appear wider than normal, and projectile-shaped. Objects that appear to hover or move very slowly could be balloons. Plane-strings, or brightly glowing objects, and those objects appearing as meteor or comets. Another explainable phenomenon may be caused by the sun's illumination of vapor trails. Moving lights at night, or shiny objects in the daytime, traveling at moderately fast speeds, could be aircraft.