NEW YORK HERALD TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1957

Streaking 'Planet' on Cutter's Radar

Coast Guard Ship in Gulf Sees Strange Light

WASHINGTON, Nov. 5 (P).—Lifted on end of the screen reported objects may be some- N.M., reported ten autos were
A brilliant mystery object was thing from another planet.
reported sighted today in the reported sighted by the Coast "Assuming they are 'real,' he stalled yesterday on a desert
Gulf of Mexico by a Coast Guard cutter, even as the Air said, "they would be scared highway near Alamogordo, N.M.,
Guard cutter, even as the Air Force investigated a flurry of weapons made on earth or sent White Sands Proving
Force investigated a flurry of similar reports. here with the secret, added, would Grounds.
earlier similar reports. The Coast Guard cutter- by now have abandoned them." The reported sights a round,
Schego, cruising in the Gulf of conventional aircraft or missiles.
Mexico 200 miles south of Beau- Mexico, reported sighting strange One Air Force official, who "brilliant colored sphere,"
mont, Texas, reported picking up objects which have been reported asked not to be identified, said critically across the country-
what it described as "a brilliant from widely scattered sections of one source of power for side and left a sort of heat-
planet" with a high rate of speed the United States. such reported objects could be trail behind it.
seen for three seconds off its The Air Force said its radar cosmic-ray energy.
left at 2:15 p.m. sets at Fort Worth, Texas—and Some of the oddities, peace-
The air Force headquarters in other military radar investiga- time hobbyists and amateur radio
New Orleans said the message tors have been assigned to men have reported sighting mystery ob-
did not report greatly to them, probe into the reports. jects since the week and last week
board the cutter had seen the For several years the Air of the space race.
object. Force has checked all reports of According to the Air Force, the
A spokesman said the object unidentified flying objects, with objects stalled auto engines
was tracked on the vessel's radar investigators work under the Air and caused radio to fade.
screen for three minutes and Defense Command at Colorado The Pentagon, which has its
forty-seven minutes and that Springs and report to the Air Aero-nautics Center aimed at producing
during that period, the object Technical Intelligence Center. such a device,
called for investigation.

Object Called "Assuming they are 'real,' 1.9 per cent of the 250 reported
sightings of flying saucers and
Part of Missile other fantastic aerial objects
have wound up in the "un-
Lands in Egypt identified" file.

CAIRO, Egypt, Nov. 5.— "An Air Force said firmly
A mysterious object landed —though not all flying saucer
near the village of Burg Fuad, buffs may agree—that it doesn't
Alexandria University today. believe even the 1.9 per cent [signature: B. Altmann & Co.]
Kames elements who rushed are space ships. Still, if you read
to the scene from the Atomic about in science fiction maga-
Energy 'stablishment there zines. 'rugs cleaned and
matched the object, describe it "Balloons, aircraft and such returned promptly
as a missile. astronomical sights as meteor-
The object, three inches long, ites might account for most, if
two inches wide and less than not all least to the Air Force's offi-
an inch thick, was made of cial satisfaction, for almost
some kind of metal with tiny four-fifths of the sightings. Call Murrayhill 9-7000, ext. 447 or 492 for fast,
lenses. "The director of a private or- efficient service. Rugs will be called for, given a
Flames from the object were ganization interested in flying saucers and such said he professional cleaning at the plant will be stored
extinguished by police. thought perhaps, at this point free until June 1, 1958. Rugs may be cleaned,
"No clashes were flying over the current rash of reported in your own home.—altered to fit new locations.
the area at the time," said the sightings, that retired Marine
object bounded into the school Maj. Donald E. Keyhoe, direc- Altman rugs, Fifth Floor
yard and no one saw where tor of the National Investiga- and in the suburbs at:
it came from. tions Committee on Aerial Phe-
nomena, added that the re- Willie Plains 6-7000 MAyfair 7-3800
[handwritten: B. Altmann & Co.]

Biscayne 9-3000