The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

"Olavo Fontes from Rio de Janeiro, kindly sent a clipping corroborating the case of a disc-like object seen over Palm Springs, California on August 21 by DA Grimshaw. The clipping says: "A big luminous body, possibly a flying disc, leaving a bright trail disappeared near the airport. Among the witnesses are Messrs Auguste Aram, 45, and his wife, Suzanne, 38, both of Palm Springs, who were driving near the highway. They reported seeing the object in the sky for 2 to 3 minutes until it disappeared. The sighting occurred near the Our Lady of Guadalupe church (Saturday was August 31st. Ed.)."
"OPDV is also indebted to Dr. Olavo Fontes by the following items about saucers:
"From "O Globo" September 5th - "Roberto Augusto Menescal Campos, a student of the Astronomical Observatory of Rio de Janeiro, said that he saw in the sky on September 3rd. at about 5:15 PM, a disc-like object, which for a moment stopped and then flew away at a dizzy speed. He described it as a star-like object though its light was opalescent and its speed was tremendous."
It was also reported that on the morning of August 24th., at 10:00 AM, witnesses in Tamaraneiba, the CSDCANI (Civilian Saucer Investigation Center) observed a strange object in the sky for two or three minutes. It was described as a disc-like object yellowish in color, with a central dark spot."
"This was the second time that this object was reported. The first sighting was on July 24th about the same time - two similar objects were seen over the Pedro Alanso area. These objects described a horizontal, straight line of flight."
"Our next topic will be the confirmation of the saucers aforementioned seen over the town of Minas Gerais on August 29th. A man and woman reportedly saw a saucer at 15:30 (3:30 GMT) saw a saucer coming from the north. Let us plot it over a map and see what happens."