The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, discussing the "Meteorological and Astronomical Aspects" related to UFO sightings.

The text on the page is as follows:

SECTION II

Meteorological and Astronomical Aspects

Scientists have been exploring the mysteries of the universe for many centuries and today know a great deal about the composition of the galaxy which includes the earth among its many planets, stars, and other celestial bodies. Yet, many questions remain unanswered and the search for more knowledge in the broad field of astronomy continues. The aim is true regarding the earth's atmosphere, and, although considerably more is known regarding the natural laws which govern the sea and air around the earth, there are many aspects of meteorology that are still full of mystery.

It is not unusual for the mind to become confused by garbled messages, caused by unusual astronomical and meteorological conditions and transmitted to the eye. Thus, the sky has been the setting for many strange sights which were not readily understood. Many may have been the result of unusual astronomical and meteorological phenomena which, though scientifically explained, nevertheless, many types of illusions which appear to be flying objects can definitely be related to astronomical and meteorological phenomena.

Under certain weather conditions, reflection and refraction processes can transform conventional aircraft, automobile lights, planets, meteors, and other identifiable figures into apparently supersonic flying objects of many shapes and colors. Clouds, haze, industrial smoke, water droplets and ice particles in the atmosphere can make possible reflections and refractions through which many illusions of flying objects are seen. Car lights reflecting across the sky at terrific speeds. Other light sources can produce similar illusions with approximate variations, many of which even have specific colors provided by refraction of the light through water and ice particles in the atmosphere.

MIRAGES

One of the most common causes for optical illusions of distorted and displaced objects is the mirage. Warm air has a lower refractive index than cold air. The air is normally warmer at the surface of the earth and progressively cooler as a higher altitude is reached. It is through such atmospheric conditions that distant objects are usually viewed. However, when the mind becomes accustomed