The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
DATE PREPARED 10 October 1956
CONTROL NUMBER 01-cv-4793-27 
PAGE 11 OF 12 PAGES

COMMENTS OF PREPARING OFFICER: 
1. According to the analysis, the sighting was witnessed under weather conditions and the circumstances surrounding the sighting were well as the physical phenomena involved. SOURCES concluded that the sighting was credible that the exact technical nature of the phenomena involved might raise some doubt. It is deemed that the general characteristics and their behavior exhibited indicate a high degree of intelligence. other forms of intelligence exist, and that they may be well advanced in mechanisms beyond our present technological knowledge. In this is included the anomalous behavior manifested in the aerial vehicle(s) observed on 19 October 1956 at this location which could not have been any of the following - aerial vehicles, dirigibles, balloons, aircraft, helicopters, missiles, etc., because the size and the maneuvers clearly indicated that they were of a technical sophistication not attainable with any craft known to U.S. aeronautical technology at that time. 
2. SOURCES concluded the objects were experimental models of some type, and were apparently the result of a propulsion system and control methods utilizing principles yet undiscovered by contemporary U.S. aeronautical engineering. This was indicated by the performance observed and the speed and maneuverability so far beyond the capability of any aerospace vehicles known at that time.
3. SOURCES also concluded that attempts by any country to conceal any technological advance would probably be directed toward obscuring or diverting attention from their true nature and capabilities for obvious security reasons.
4. The SOURCES did not believe that the objects were from foreign sources, because weather balloons and other natural phenomena can be ruled out on the basis of the observed characteristics and behavior.
5. SOURCES stated that the only physical evidence other than the sighting itself, which could have substantiated the observations, would have been photographic or telemetric data, had it been obtained; but regrettably, no such data was available. 
6. The SOURCES have assigned a high RELIABILITY CONFIDENCE FACTOR to this analysis, based on the factors outlined above.