There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing text only.

Anore coming from church. Upon arriving at the level of the electric transformers at a turn in the highway this is the time of the night and at this side is generally deserted, therefore I was very surprised to observe a very powerful flare located on the highway. After observing the flare, I observed four silhouettes of human aspect that seemed to be blocking my way. Very strongly amazed at this arrangement that immediately struck me as being an ambush so that I jumped from my bike and ran to take cover behind the transmitter device and through a foot path, and after a rather long detour, I stumbled upon the house of Mr. ****** I tapped on the window of their kitchen, and they let me in, and then I explained to them what had happened, and what I had done. 
Then all of us observed the latter from the window. Mr. and Mrs. ****** who had also passed along this route. Mr. ****** - through the window of our kitchen, we observed all five of these humans on the open route to Miramont at less than 50 meters was a brilliant light whose color would blink on white than turn to dull red. Then so that we could see better, we went to the door. The light remained more on the red than on the white. When it was white, it appeared to be the fire of a very powerful floodlight projector, and it was blinding. 
This light gave a reflection to the body of and very near this we observed three figures that appeared to be that of three men who could not measure more than 1.50 meters standing on the highway in an immobile manner, their arms hanging along side their bodies and half-hidden by the slope of the hill. They seemed to be dressed in a grayish-beige outfit, and their heads seemed to be very smaller colored although we did not get a good close look at them.
An automobile passed along the open highway and the headlights of the auto let us have, for a brief instant, another look at the three, still immobile, figures.