The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States.

The text in the document is as follows:

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
29 NOVEMBER 1957
SÃO PAULO, BRAZIL

STRANGE "UFO" CAPTURED BY BRAZILIAN AUTHORITIES: Well, what do you know? Someone is almost sure to say that another piece of material evidence has been captured to prove that they are solid. So far we only know about the strange item event from newspapers, but CDPV has already taken steps to have the items collected and turned over to the official scientific project. Do be sure to let us know what you discover regarding this item. It was not until a later date that we learned this event took place on November 29, 1957.

THE STRANGE OBJECT: 50 centimeters in diameter (one foot): fell from the sky on November 29 at 17:20 local time (20:20 GMT) on a farm near Leme. It is a dark round mass, like very fine ashes, extremely brittle, transparent as glass, and appeared to be "hot". One of the witnesses, Mr. Sebastiao Martins, said "My son yelled out to me, 'very high, coming down". It blackened about a foot or two where it struck the ground, apparently disintegrating on overhead. All of us (three people) watched eagerly as it struck the ground inside our location; ye could hardly see how or when it came down". After landing, the thing seemed to shrink a little bit.

A military air base at Araras reported sighting the same event a few minutes after it occurred. They stated that nobody was able to identify the strange thing; the best bet being that the object was the product of some material constructed and it was unnatural. In fact, proper tried to set it aside but the object only became red-hot and resisted. des-tinacao (Brazil's National Defense Secretary) has already taken steps to have the fallen material properly analyzed. So while some could be made an allegation that it was a meteorite, others suggested that it was a burnt coal fallen from the first Sputnik, still others suggested that perhaps the sounded mass is nothing else but... Mr. Martins Silvio: Resident of Leme, has a glass power plant examined the elements with a magnifying glass and concluded that the "wires" are attached to a central densing nucleus. Perhaps he detected what seemed to be a mind. Polícia, has already taken steps to have the fallen material property analyzed. CDPV is doing its best to get a sample, as well the results of the analysis, and if the thing proves to be of any value, a special air-delivered bulletin will be sent to all subordinates.