The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document describing a UFO sighting that occurred on October 23, 1957 near Lake Wales, Florida.

UFO SIGHTING, LAKE WALES
23 OCTOBER 1957
Reported on tape by 23/22002

Wednesday afternoon at approximately 3:00 I received a call. The call was from an observer who was telling me that there was an object in the sky at what he figured was 20 thousand feet.  There was an object there that it might be a weather balloon.  Orlando had nothing reported that it had launched a weather balloon. So I asked the observer to describe what he saw.  He said the object was about 40 feet in diameter and it was glowing.  We entered a piper apache aircraft (twin engine) and proceeded to the location.

We climbed to 16,500 feet over Haines City and had the object in view all the time. At 16,000 feet the object appeared to be 50 to 60 feet in diameter and was solid all the time; thereby eliminating the possibility that it might be a weather balloon.

Upon receiving the upper winds report giving us winds at 50 thousand feet of 4O miles per hour, and discovering that the chance of having a weather balloon would have been drifting that fast, and this object was stationary, we discounted the possibility of it being a weather balloon.  We were up from 3:30 till almost 5:00 searching this object.

The object appeared to have a tall or trailing fuselage type design.  It appeared to be oblong in shape, and it remained at all times probably stationary.

We discount the fact that it could have been a weather balloon due to the fact that the object was much too shiny. Weather balloons are coated dull with a powdery effect, so that they don't reflect the sunlight.  We have never seen a weather balloon that was that shiny as this object.

We kept the object in sight until approximately 5:42 at which time the object appeared to be increasing rapidly in speed. As our next circling of the object, it had completely disappeared.

There appeared to be no descent whatsoever to the object.