There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of text:

Almost two hours earlier, about 12:15 a.m., while Flight 215-A was in the vicinity of Delco at a positional marker located off the Carolina coast, the pilot and co-pilot of this aircraft reported sighting an object to the west, streaking north or NNW. This object was also due west, or almost due west, of their position. It moved in a straight horizontal trajectory, and had a red tail-like projection, which suddenly drew off, and fell "like a flare."

The main part, which was green, continued in a straight line and passed out of sight. It looked back as it passed, and thought he saw it quickly disappear into clouds; however, a later closer inspection that there were "very, if any, clouds in the area."

He said he saw it for about three seconds; Smith slightly longer. Several passengers had seen it also.

Returning to the 3:33 a.m. object, three other aircraft are reported to have observed this together [an aircraft flight] (Continental); the pilot of an Eastern Airlines plane who thought the object was a two-stage rocket; and one Trans-Caribbean pilot who said it was a meteor. We have not been able to get in touch with any of these pilots.

It is quite clear from the testimonies of the pilots that the object they saw was much farther away than they at first realized. Note that over a 300-mile base-line, all of them said it to be moving or apparent to be moving at tremendous speed. The measurements from all of these widely-separated points was approximately half a degree per second, on the average. These measurements indicate a surprisingly large object seen at a distance measured in the hundreds of miles. The nearest possible location point is 250 to the right of a line heading for 288 M. 785 W. This point is 900 to the right of a line of heading for 289 M. 775 W. As we mentioned for Kiland, this true location is not indisputable, but none the less most apt. However, since it appeared no larger than a point, it is not very plausible to say that it was something like 200 to 300 miles from all the planes, thus a diameter in excess of three miles. Numerous studies which always appear larger than they are.

This large scale of the phenomenon is highly suggestive of a meteoric fireball. However, it should be noted that some of the four witnesses (whom we have interviewed) believed that it was a meteor. He said he has some explanation that it was possibly some more meteors, but none has ever resembled this object. The absence of any visible tail, the difference in quality between this incident and a firebali, and its substantilly horizontal movement are considered definitievly inconsistent with the pattern of a meteor. And the chances against seeing two such remarkably similar celestial movements over the same time span are "astronomical."

On the other hand, the object appeared for only five seconds at the most - typical of meteors; it exhibited no signs of controlled maneuvers; and the wide area over which it was observed is typical of fireballs rather than of UFO phenomena. 

One is inclined to say that this was neither a "normal" UFO nor a "normal" fireball. Can it be classified as a "green fireball"? It was certainly not a deep-purple in color, but a light rather daily-green in color, but the behavior was very similar (cf. Ruppelt, pp.57-73). There is a large group of sightings appearing to be similar to this one, some of which in their characteristics may come closer to the UFO pattern than to the fireball pattern.