There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)

15 OCTOBER 1957 
BERNARDSVILLE, NEW JERSEY

On the afternoon of 15 October 1957, Mrs. Elizabeth E. Klima, 37, was at her home when she saw a peculiar object to the northeast, over Basking Ridge. At that moment her attention was suddenly attracted by an extraordinary light phenomenon. It appeared larger than the full moon, with rays of light extending from it in all directions, and appeared to be coming right at her. It stopped and rolled down the window; no sound could be heard.

When this light phenomenon first appeared, Mrs. Klima became frightened and dived under the kitchen table, where she remained for a minute or so. Although she was only certain of this for a moment, when she inspected the site later that morning, she saw nothing unusual in the direction the object had come from. However, she says, "I am perfectly familiar with this type of experience. She adds, "It seemed to be incomparably larger and more luminous than anything I have seen before." It seemed to be able to stop and move back and forth and up and down, though it never left the general area. The light remained visible, apparently in the same place, for about 45 minutes.

After about 15 minutes the light began to diminish in size and intensity, and then seemed to go out altogether. Mrs. Klima says she became quite upset by the experience, though she does not consider herself an imaginative or nervous person. The light phenomenon did not make any sound at all. It seemed to be several miles away, though it appeared to her to be much closer. She says she is telling this story, though she does not want her name used, because she believes that anyone who sees such a thing should report it. From her description it appears that the object was observed to move in various directions at a rapid rate of speed, to stop and reverse direction, and to suddenly disappear from view. The investigator is of the opinion that this sighting is worthy of serious consideration, more so than if it had emanated from a witness not known to us. Information was obtained from Mrs. Klima's daughter (a co-witness of hers) and subsequently directly from the observer.