The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report on an unidentified object sighting.

AF FORM 112--PART II
UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: (ORIGINATOR) 
Det by 1006th AISS 
REPORT NO.: DIR-RB-4-57
DATE: 6 November 1957
PAGE: 5 of 6
SUBJECT: S-T-A-T-E-M-E-N-T

A.M. I sighted and photographed an unidentified object at 12:10 on the morning of Wednesday, November 6th, 1957.

I was driving north on the Santa Ana freeway (U.S. 101) on my way home. As I approached the overpass (sic) a strange light appeared on the sky, to the head of me and a little to my right.

It was visible only for a moment as my automobile passed under the overpass. I stepped my car to look for the object (sic) of the light I had just observed. Just then I saw the same light again but it was higher and to the right of the freeway in which I was traveling. 

I stopped my car to look for the object. I noticed (sic) the light for a double exposure. It then opened the car door and as I was getting out to investigate further, the light disappeared. A few moments later the light reappeared. It appeared to be approximately 600 yards away and about 100 feet in the air.

The light shown (sic) like the planet Venus but much brighter. It remained stationary for several minutes when it suddenly went out. A very short time later, approximately 1 or 2 minutes, the light reappeared and this time it was red in color.

The red light hovered for less than a minute and then moved rapidly to the north, making a 90 degree turn and disappearing.

I hurried to my car, restarted the engine and chased the car (sic) myself between the car and open door, I decided (sic) to take my camera on the trip. While I was taking a picture the light disappeared (sic).

I only took my eyes away for a moment - when I looked back it was gone. When I arrived home, I developed the film but it was completely underexposed and I was unable to get any usable photos.

When I got off work that afternoon at 2:00, the light (sic) did not return as I had hoped. I was quite cold and drove on home, thinking I had photographed a strange sort of aerial phenomena.