The image does not contain any photograph, but rather a detailed illustration of the night sky, including various constellations and celestial objects. The text in the document is as follows:

ASTRONOMY

Jupiter Shines All Night

Spring comes for the Northern Hemisphere as the sun crosses the equinox on March 20 while it ushers in the first day of autumn for the Southern Hemisphere.

By JAMES STOKLEY

"THE great Jupiter, which conpains enough material to make 12.5 Earths, is now prominent in the night sky. On St. Patrick's day it was the directly overhead towards the south and will continue to dominate the evening sky for some months, reaching its highest point in the constellations of Virgo, the virgin, whose eastern horizon it now occupies.

These depict the sky as it looks about an hour after sunset. High overhead is the ringed planet Saturn, which by the end of the month will be setting about an hour after sunset. Jupiter is now of magnitude minus 2.2, ranking among the brightest objects outside the sun and moon, and is easy to locate. Also in Virgo is the first-magnitude star Spica, which marks the ear of grain in the virgin.

Among other things that its light is greatly reduced. Among the figures shown in the sky, the most prominent is the Sickle, Regulus marks the heart of the Lion. West of this is the Big Dog, Canis Major, with the bright star Sirius, which is the brightest star in the sky.

With winter now approaching, its end, the constellations that characterize the night sky are changing. In the southwest, instead of the bright stars of summer, such as Scorpius, the Scorpion, and Antares, its brightest star, we now see Orion, the warrior, and Sirius, in Canis Major, the great Dog Star. Just to the right is Taurus, the bull, with its V-shaped cluster of bright stars, the Hyades, and the brighter, solitary star Aldebaran.

Coming from Rigel, one of the first magnitude stars in Orion's feet, is a ray of brilliant blue-white light, which shows this star to be one of the hottest and most luminous in the night sky. Above this group, almost overhead, are the dim but interesting stars of Monoceros, the Unicorn.

To the north, the familiar groups that make up the Great Bear, or Ursa Major, and the Little Bear, or Ursa Minor, are now high in the northeast. The bright pointer stars that indicate the way to the Pole Star at the end of the Little Bear's tail are conspicuous. The Pole Star itself, while not the brightest, is still a familiar landmark in the northern sky.

Sun Over Equator

One astronomical event of importance occurs on March 20, when the sun will cross the equator at 3:47 a.m. (EST). On that date it will stand directly over the equator. Since December 21, it has been moving northward, in its course across the sky, and now it reaches the half-way point toward the summer solstice.

From this time on, days and night are of equal length. From the time of the vernal or spring equinox, days in the Northern Hemisphere steadily increase in length until the summer solstice in June, the beginning of spring, but in the Southern Hemisphere it is the first day of autumn.

Since at this time of year the sun appears to move more rapidly across the sky, it was high for them, and they could readily see the weather conditions attending the vernal equinox.

One of the signs which indicates the approaching spring in the Northern Hemisphere is the fact that Virgo, the Virgin, and Leo, the Lion, are now just rising in the east and will be prominent throughout the night. Their appearance is a harbinger of the change of seasons which is about to take place.