There is a photograph in the document that appears to be a star map indicating the constellations visible in the northern hemisphere during a particular season at night. It includes constellations such as Ursa Major, Draco, and Lyra, among others.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text from the document:

```
"Science News Letter for March 23, 1957 186

ASTRONOMY
Mercury Seen at Dusk

Jupiter and Mars can also be seen during April. The first eclipse of the year, an annular eclipse of the sun, will occur on April 29. Naked-eye comet scheduled.

By JAMES STOKLEY

> MERCURY, smallest of the nine planets and nearest of the nine to the sun around which they revolve, will make one of its rare appearances about the middle of April. On the 15th it will be farthest east of the sun - greatest eastern elongation" the astronomer calls it - and for a few days it will remain just above the western horizon at sunset. Since next to the Moon it will set about an hour and three quarters after the sun, you will have to look for it at dusk gathers. By the time the western sky is completely dark, Mercury will also have gone out of sight.

Because of this, Mercury does not appear in the accompanying graphs, which show how the sky will look about 10 o'clock, our own kind of standard time, at the beginning of April. It will appear similarly about 9:00 p.m. at the middle of the month, and about 8:00 p.m. at the end of the month.

Also not shown on the accompanying maps is the comet scheduled to be visible from the northern hemisphere in April and May. It is predicted to blaze forth as a zero magnitude, making it one of the ten brightest objects in the sky at that time. 

If the comet lives up to expectations, it will be the biggest and most spectacular of its breed during the 20th century, brighter than Halley's Comet, last seen in 1910.

Known as Comet Arend-Roland after the two Belgian astronomers who discovered it, the guest was first spotted on Nov. 8, 1956. It gained as expected and has since broadened followed it with their telescopes until it reach one degree can be It can then. By the end of April, it will be far enough away from the sun to be visible again.

Its brilliance will fade rapidly and will disappear from naked-eye he first of June During late April, the comet will appear w hour before midnight in the east south went, between the constellations of Andro-meda and Aries, far below Mars.

Mercury reaches its greatest western elongation on April 8, when it will be only 29.7 million mies from the sun.

Three other familiar wanderers are shown. Brightest is Jupiter, which shines high in the west in the constellation of Virgo, the maiden. As a nearly "stellar" star, about 15 minutes of arc in apparent diameter. Venus follows a similar inclination and will eventually position itself where it will trade places with Saturn, although it is now moving far out in the distance from the Earth.

Nine First Magnitude Stars

In addition to Capella, nine other bright stars (i.e., of the first magnitude) are now visible. Low on the northwest is Sirius, the Dog star, part of Canis Major, the great dog. To the right, directly west, is Orion, the warrior. Part of his figure is below the horizon, at the times for which our maps are drawn, but Betelgeuse is still visible, as is the other star in this warrior's belt. Farther to the right is Taurus, the bull, in which Mars now stands. Below the planet is Aldebaran, a first-magnitude star, although 15° below the actual size its dimmed. Above Orion is the figure of Gemini, the twins, with Pollux, of the first magnitude, and Castot, of the second, "To the right of this group are the bright stars".

In Canis Minor, the lesser dog. Still farther to the left, high in the southern sky, is Leo, the lion, with its bright star Regulus. This star, with a semicircle of stars just above, forms a little figure known as the sickle, which is familiar to us by its corresponding more southerly position in the sky.

Directly south is the head, or the lead-driver, stellation and Virgo, the virgin, with Spica, as well as Jupiter. A temporary thicker is the new star in Scorpio. To the brightest star of Lyra, the lyre, is indicated. Even more than Aldebaran, its brilliance is dimmed by its low altitude, but later in the month as it climbs toward the south, you will be able to see its starlike white-greenish color glow.

By that the time another planet will have appeared. Saturn, in the constellation of Ophiuchus, the serpent-bearer, rises in the east a little before midnight. Venus, which has not been mentioned, passes behind the sun on April 14, so all month it is too nearly in line with that body to be seen.

Annular Eclipse of Sun

The first eclipse of the year occurs on April 29, but only in the northwestern United States, western Canada and Alaska will North Americans be able to see it. This is an eclipse of the sun, not total, but annular. Although the the moon passes between sun and earth, its distance from us is so great that its apparent di-ameter is not enough to cover the entire sun completely, as it does in a total solar eclipse. Instead, a ring of sunlight will remain visible around the dark lunar disc. To see the effect, you will have to be standing along a curved area in the Arctic Ocean north of Russia. Over part of European Russia, most of Asia and northwestern North America there will be a partial eclipse, with the moon passing partly in front of the sun but not covering all. For these people it will start at 5:05 p.m. PST., and end at 6:14 p.m At 5:40 the eclipse will be at its maxi-mum of 52.5% of the solar diameter covered, or will not be a very large circle. At Anchorage, Alaska, it lasts from 2:01 minutes before to last 3:00 a.m. when the overall half the solar diameter will be blocked out.

Protection for Eyes

People who live in these areas, of course, should not try to look at the eclipse with-out adequate protection for the eyes. Smoked glass or several layers of over
```