STERY--From p. 1

U.S. Shippin Gulf Reports
Sighting Mystery Object

Command was keeping watch or for such reported objects
so far with no results--and could be cosmic ray energy.
that specially qualified inves- Some of the citizens, peace
tigators had been assigned to officers and servicemen who
look into the reports. have seen the unidentified ob-
For several years the Air jects in the southwest since
Force has checked all reports the weekend said the objects
of unidentified flying objects, stalled auto engines and
it was disclosed by the Air caused radio to fade.
Defense Command at Col- At the Air Force missile de-
orado Springs, Colo., and re- velopment center at Alamo-
port to the Air Technical In- gordo, N.M., reported 10 autos
telligence Center. were stalled Monday on a des-
On the chances are 50-50, the Air ert road near Alamogordo and the White Sands
Force will offer a plausible (N.M.) Providing Grounds.
explanation for the current He reported seeing a sound-
things. less, "brilliant colored egg-
During the first half of this shaped" object which swept
year, the Air Force said only across the country.
about one-fifth of the report- "Device Sought"
ed sightings of flying saucers Leonard Hardlund, chief en-
and other fantastic aerial ob- gineer for the National Inven-
jects have wound up in the tors Council in Washington,
[illegible] category. said a device that could stall
Air Force Skeptical autos or other mechanical
And the Air Force said firm- equipment was one of the
ly--though not all flying sauc- things the armed forces would
er buffs may agree--that it like to see developed.
doesn't believe even the 1.9 But Hardlund said he knew
per cent residue is made up of no research in this country
visitors from outer space or aimed at producing such a de-
science fiction magazines. vice.
Balloons, aircraft and much Two teen-age girls reported
astronomical sights as meteors seeing a mysterious object in
and bright stars account the sky over Annapolis, Md.,
for almost four-fifths of the Saturday.
official satisfactions--for al- Jean Hunt, 13, and Sylvia
most four-fifths of the sight- Fowler, 12, said they saw
ings. an egg-shaped object which
The director of a private or- glowed like a neon light. They
ganization set up to investi- were among those sitting with
gate flying saucers and much Jean's two younger
of the Air Force's file adds sisters on Halloween night in
to point the current rash of Primrose Acres, a housing de-
ported sightings. velopment on the outskirts of
Retired Marine Maj. Annapolis.
Donald E. Keyhoe, director of Jean said the girls became
the National Investigations terrified and ran home but
Committee on Aerial Phe- so one would believe their
nomena, added that the report- story until weekend newspa-
ed objects may be some- per accounts told of a mystery
thing from another planet. object sighted in Texas.
"Assuming they are real," he
said, "they would be secret
weapons or space ships from
an interplanetary." Any na-
tion with the secret, he added,
uld by now have abandoned
conventional aircraft or mis-
siles.

Cosmic Energy

"It looks as though they are
'planetary,'" Keyhoe said.
He said one source of pow-