JICAL 'USA CER' HOVERS NEAR BROADWAY, NEW YORK CITY

There are mentions of Broadway from which one could watch a saucer hovering over an open lot without a doubt. One such location is probably the only one - is in a corner area, just south of the Yonkers line, where the avenue is built up only on both sides, and the east side gives on the wide playing fields of an [illegible].

At about [illegible] on the morning of November 5, a truck-driver for a rubbish-disposal concern, Mr. O, has requested us not to publish his name.) was driving his garbage-collection truck down Broadway from Yonkers on his regular rounds. He had stopped for a bus shelter about "two blocks north of the 242nd Street subway station," at a bus driver there as he emptied the trash cans, when his attention was arrested by something strange in the air over the park. "I took a good hard look at it," he said to the driver. "Then, as he puts it, he 'froze.'" He realized that object away. Daily [illegible] the dim light of the Broadway street lamps (dawn was not yet bright), he was of the "classical" shape: a flat, disc-shaped base surmounted by a [illegible]-like dome, with portholes. The dome was motionless, but the base was emitting a high-pitched whirring noise like a Hollywood muffler two blocks away." The object not luminous, and bore no lights. Its apparent size greatly exceeded that of the moon, and it was hovering over the field at a height that seemed to be perhaps half that of a five-story building - or perhaps two of the latter. Mr. [illegible] side view, and could not see the under surface of the craft. He twice watched it for about half a minute. Suddenly, there burst forth a most brilliant yellowish light, that lit up every corner of the broad [illegible]. The saucer took off "just like a shooting star," leaving the witnesses dazed.

An hour or so later, Mr. O. was in a diner with his helper, telling him of what he had seen. The other man was all for going back to the park to look for traces on the ground where they had been seen, but Mr. O. had no desire to go anywhere near it again. When Mr [illegible] to him a month after the sighting, he told us, "I stay far away from that park."

Mr. O. has no record of Adamski or Menger - unless he is deliberately concealing the fact, which we think is most unlikely. He seldom reads books, and was not acquainted with La---'s radio program. He does not drink. Although we can't claim to know his understanding that no such incident has ever cast on his truthfulness, at present, we see no reason to doubt that this report is perfectly authentic. If the most noteworthy UFO sightings in New York City that have ever come to our attention. We thank Harold Oksenkrug for informing us of it.

Civilian Saucer Fact-Iligence of New York was founded in 1954 as a non-profit organization to educate the Unidentified Flying Objects. The officers are: President, John Du Barry; Vice President (Administration), Lex Mabane; Vice President (Organization), Harold Oksenkrug; Vice President (Public Relations), Ivan Sanderson; Research Director, Ted Bloecher; Legal Adviser, Jules St.Germain; Secretary, [illegible] Cervantes; Treasurer, Isabel Davis. The CSF News Letter is prepared by Ted Bloecher, Isabel Davis, and Lex Mabane, of the Research Section, with the assistance of other members; the views expressed by the editors do not necessarily coincide with the opinions of all CSI members.

Membership in CSI of New York (dues $5.00 a year for those within 25 miles of New York City, $3.50 a year elsewhere) is by written application only, submitted to the Applications Committee and approved by the Executive Committee. For further information regarding the group and its policy, write c/o Davis, 67 Jane Street, New York 14, N. Y.