There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

3625TH AIR RESERVE CENTER
WORCESTER AIR RESERVE CENTER
Worcester, Massachusetts

ADJ
SUBJECT: Unidentified Objects

TO: Commander
First Air Force
Attention: Director of Intelligence
Mitchell Air Force Base
New York, New York

1. This organization received a report of sightings of unidentified objects on 30 April 1957. As Air Force Regulation 200-2 is not available, this unit's report will be submitted under the following instructions:

2. Mr. reported to First Lieutenant Robert G. Record, Jr., that he and saw some unidentified objects on 22 April 1957. (The following 18 appears to be a suppression of information reported.)

3. The unidentified objects were sighted on three (3) occasions between the hours ((2205) and 2210).

a. The first sighting was of a single object directly overhead traveling Fourth to North. The color of the object was dust-red. Its size was approximately the size of a half dollar held at arm's length. Duration of the sighting was seven (7) seconds.

b. The object appeared to be violently the big dipper, heading north where it closed down and then increased in size to a high rise speed.

c. The second sighting was of seven (7) unidentified objects in a straight line. Those objects were observed to silver and small - much smaller than the first sighting. The duration of the sighting was about seven (7) seconds.

d. The third sighting was of about twenty (20) minutes after the second sighting. (There were 2 or 3) unidentified objects observed. These objects travelled in a "V" formation and dropped altitude about four (4) seconds. In this sighting, the objects were much darker than the others.

3. These sightings occurred while looking for new comets that were in the process of discovery. The witnesses of these unidentified objects were observers at the Holy Cross College, Worcester, Massachusetts. The permanent assignment of these observers, New Jersey. Mr. is a private major while Mr. is a planning to enter Naval Reserve.