There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text:

```
The Saturnian Visitors
Tuesday evening while the nation was still wondering about the
flying eggs in New Mexico and the invisible UFOs that buzzed
the Ssbago, welcome comic relief appeared. A man named Schmidt,
a grain buyer, announced that during the afternoon he had visited
with the crew of a flying saucer that had landed to make repairs.
While driving in the country near Kearney, Nebraska, he said, he
had noticed a bright flash about a quarter of a mile away. Going
closer to investigate, he perceived a huge silvery ship a hundred
feet long, thirty feet wide, and fourteen-feet high, which hed landed
in a dry river bed. The motor of his car then died. He got out and
was walking toward the ship when a light shot out and paralyzed
him. The ship opened and two men emerged. After searching him
for concealed weapons, they released him from paralysis and in-
vited him into the ship, where he spent half an hour chatting with
these strangers and their female companions, mostly in High Ger-
man and English, (He knew that they came from outer space but
not until some weeks later, when they paid him a second visit, did
ld to these strangers and their fenes one at tn German
he discover that they were natives of the planet Saturn.) [14] After
he left the ship it rose straight up into the sky and disappeared,
while he hurried back to town to report to the sheriff, to broadcast
an account of his experience over the local radio, and to give his
story to the newspapers.

It is perhaps a measure of the panic level that week that local
officials actually examined the ground at the “landing” site, looking
for evidence. They found none. The four “hydraulic rams” that al-
legedly supported the huge machine had left no imprint on the
sand of the dry river bed. Traces of oil found on the ground were
tested chemically and proved to be the same brand that the witness
carried in the trunk of his car.

Gaining national notoriety from this incident, Schmidt som be-
came a popular lecturer at flying-saucer clubs, thrilling the audience
with tales of later visits from the Saturnians and his journeys in
their spaceship to the Arctic Circle, through the waters under the
North Pole, and even into outer space. A year or so later his extrater-
restri&l friends allegedly tipped him off to the location of certain
valuable minerals on earth, including veins of quartz that had the
desirable property of curing cancer. To mine this quartz and thus
make it available to humanity, he enlisted the sympathy and finan-
Cial aid of a number of lonely, wealthy widows. Some of these ladies
eventually came to believe that they had been the victims of fraud
and, in 1981, a California jury agreed with them. The Saturnians
apparently have not yet reappeared to help their friend out of his
difficulties.
```