The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

5 SEP
CAPTAIN-VJ/49 KELLEY F/O/SJ VAN DYKE/T/2952/S 5 DEC 57
WASHINGTON, D.C.

Dear Senator Lyndon:
I wish to express an expression of interest in behalf of Mr. 
, an unidentified aerial objects, in the vicinity of Wales, North Dakota.

An analysis of the sighting indicates that the object unquestionably
was a metallic sphere, approximately 40-50 feet in diameter, or possibly a little larger. It would not appear to be a conventional aircraft or helicopter, as would be indicated by the shape and the absence of any aerial or other aircraft obstruction lights.

The object was observed visually for periods up to 10 minutes by reliable and credible observers and, in addition, was tracked on radar
for a period of 35 minutes on 13 October.
It is an indisputable fact that the basic investigation of the
object resumes in the Philippines submitter by the former intelligence officer similar to the characteristics of the one observed in the vicinity of Wales, North Dakota.
Observers indicate that the majority of people who see these objects are intelligent, rational persons, some of whom have had
previous experience and knowledge in air observation and aeronautics. On the other hand, there have been cases where the observers included personnel of questionable background and reliability.
The appearance is described as metallic, elliptical or circular in
shape, occasionally plainwhite in color. Those sighted were either
bright (sometimes transforming night into daylight) or dull in color
and apparently noiseless. The speed of this type of object is
phenomenal, often thousands of miles per hour.
When the object is sighted, it usually remains stationary for a
period, then accelerates to extremely high speeds, vanishing from
sight. It becomes visible again miles distant, sometimes in a matter
of seconds, and is capable of remaining visible for extended periods
in the atmosphere or zooming vertically out of sight at fantastic
speeds. This motion, generally in a horizontal plane, is not at all
like that of a conventional aircraft.
According to the observers, the object appears to defy the laws
of gravity, aerodynamics and inertia. It is conceivable that it
employs a power source and method of propulsion unknown to our
scientists.
I will appreciate receiving your observations concerning this
matter.
Sincerely yours,

GOOD
CONTO
 ACTING DIRECTOR