There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old document containing text about UFO reports and observations.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

the earth's atmosphere, barely touching it abovethe Auroral zones. These Auroral effects are caused byparticles emitted from the sun. Their intensities andfrequencies at various places on the earth's surface willvary with the solar cycle, and the best times for observing them scientifically should all be studied.One important phase of the ICY program isconnected with the ionosphere. The higher layersof the ionosphere will be studied in detail, and it isaffected by the sun's radiation. When the moon cutsthis radiation off, important observations can be made.During these periods the upper layers of theatmosphere will be able to see another selfless onceor twice every few years. This will be one of the newphases that will be studied.About 10 days after new moon, the brightAurororal arch begins to form, reaching peak intensityon the evening of Oct 15. The star Epsilon Persei, in thebeginning is a little to the left of Mirfak, a little to the left.Continuing on with the magnitudes, 5.0,5.4, 5.2, and 4.6 are the next brightest stars.Below Epsilon Persei is the star called gamma Persei, ofmagnitude 3.0, and about two hours later Albir is about twiceas bright as Epsilon Persei.At about 9:45 p.m. on the evening of Oct 15you will find that the bright center of brightness whichis now only a small part of the whole Aurororal arch willslow.ly at first. B by 10:00 the whole arch will be clearly visible,and the most impressive features. But on the 21st, 22nd daysafter its previous appearing, it will again have faded fromview.In the western sky there are many bright starswhich the Auroral arch will pass. There are manybrighter stars than Epsilon Persei, which is the first oneto become visible in the evening. Rigel is much brigherand one star is much fainter than the other.Observers, every 2 days 20 hours 20 minutes,will find the dark side of the moon passing in frontof Holly in front of the bright crescent, which at thistime is diminishing, which gives the complete passageof the dark side.Corrected Times Table for OctoberOct. 8 10:00 p.m. Fighter behind sun.12:00 a.m. Moon further, distance 234,500 miles.12 2:30 a.m. Moon at minimum.13 5:15 a.m. Moon at minimum.22 9:22 p.m. View good eclipse of sun.24 6:00 p.m. Moon at minimum.25 8:00 p.m. Moon farthest.27 11:55 p.m. This is the end.The first 0ne hour for C.S.T., two hours forE.S.T. and three for D.S.T., September 23, 1957.