FOR SAUCERS from Page 3

...appears scattered with a large disk-shaped object that was a disc similar to the present AF description in his issue).

Just after midnight, Mrs. Evans in a letter to Representative Lee told me the house heard a "whooshing" General Kelly's staff men contacted and a "thrilling" and related that UFO reports were observed in the sky over act whirled from to cross, and that interest in was supplied to the press.

For the CIA report Ordeal I found that he listed attention.

I do not feel bewildered other AFB signing had within a wire one of the four-bay period.

"This sighting," he concluded, "was directly the same time as our earlier sightings — 11:50 pm to mid-night."

Hastily after NICAP's receipt of the director, he later signed by the Director, which was contacted Colonel.

The Director soon made copies of the Ordeal in the report made by the jet pilot. On May 4, NICAP wrote and an letter from the adjutant of the 4th Fighter Group at the level which stated that "the UFO's in question reported by the 4602 Air Intelligence Squadron. This Church, which has headquarters in the Air Defense Command, Ent AFB, Colorado Springs, undertook investigative Teams of all Air Defense. The team which investigated by Ordeal sightings came from Norton AFB, California).

A NICAP letter to the 4602d, at Ent AFB, brought an official reply signed by Major John D. Taylor, Jr., adjutant.

4602d Denial Release

"Current Air Force policy," Major Taylor stated, "is that the issuance of any information on any request must be made only by Headquarters, United States Air Force. Therefore, any letter to the Commander, NICAP was forwarded, through official channels, to Headquarters, USAF."

NICAP's inquiry to the 4602d (as the report) was answered to Headquarters, USAF."

After waiting eight days for word from the Pentagon, NICAP telegraphed an urgent request for Colonel of Legislative Liaison, USAF, who is several years was been

FORM SAUCERS from Page 4

hovering over Downey (about 5 miles southeast of Los Angeles). Between them and midnight, several reports were made by Terry California. Los Angeles, Pasadena, and throughout the San Gabriel Valley.

Police switchboards in the area were blocked with hundreds of calls, indicating that probably several hundred people saw at least one UFO, perhaps more. During the latter part of the period, both officials and press reports poured into the Pasadena Air Force Base.

According to a statement given to Russ Laudenbrand by the Filter Center O, (by), some sightings from Downey, etc. 1st report came in at UFO data, which they Captain/Fry. notified Air Intelligence accordingly.

"Between 2430 (11:30 p.m) and 0330," said Capt. Fry, "we had many reports. We had reports that they called the UFO were supposed lights, lighting a bright white light. Others at the bottom of reports" which they had thought thus the observers.

Flt. got David Nolan of the Filter Center reported, [illegible] of reports. He also said one of the three had some 100 feet, with a crescent in the Pasadena with particular knowledge. . . . Dewey Cropt in his particularly evident to the Center. "Until it made the object, we had the sighting information about UFOs."

The sightings Filter Center received came from several sources. One was a source called "a Mirror-News staff writer" in charge of the observation identification. During the press UFO duty, Woggan was briefed directly on aircraft identification in detail about the area. Their combined observations covered a period of eight hours on hover. They two were affiliated: . . . . [illegible]

Near midnight, the source of UFO reports suddenly, in their very night, one of whom, [Mrs. Nolan], made out of an Ordeal with a captain, "she observed the base today from Downey and from Coronado and Pasadena, Wed. [Wednesday], who is familiar with aircraft types."

* * * * *

The first sighting on the night of March 23, or at least the first one listed, came from K.E. Jefferson, a Paramount resident. At 9:55, Mr. Jef- ferson saw a brilliant, flashing object.