The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR Output:
SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for November 14,1957
SCIENCE NEWS FOR DECEMBER
A REPORT MADE AT DULUTH, MINNESOTA
TIME OF INCIDENT: 6:30 p.m., December 6, 1957
WEATHER: Skies overcast, wind from the east at 8-10 mph. Temperature around 30 degrees.
DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT:
If it tonight, and the appear half dark 
and the other half light. It moved across the sky, going from west to east, at an angular speed not much faster than a commercial jet. It seemed to climb up a bit as it moved to the east. Estimated time in sight: 1-1/2 to 2 minutes.
This night, I was on the roof of my house, looking northward. I use night time to observe the heavens, so this was not an unusual thing for me to be doing. The object first caught my eye as it moved across the northern part of the sky. At first, I thought it might be a jet, but it was much larger and more brilliant than any aircraft I had ever seen. As it moved across the sky, it seemed to be lit from within, with the darker portion on one half and the lighter portion on the other half.
As it moved to the east, it appeared to climb slightly, then went out of sight behind some trees. I lost sight of it and was unable to observe it further. The object seemed to be at an altitude of 5,000 to 10,000 feet. 
ADDITIONAL COMMENTS: This is not the first time I have seen these strange objects in the sky. They seem to be a recurring phenomenon. I am always on the lookout for them, as they are quite fascinating to observe. However, this is the first time I have seen one that was so clearly marked with light and dark portions.
The object I observed tonight differed from those I have seen previously in that it seemed much larger and more brilliant. It also appeared to climb as it moved across the sky, which is not typical of the ones I have observed before.
I am a regular observer of the night sky, and I can assure you that this was no conventional aircraft. The size, speed, and lighting pattern of the object were unlike anything I have ever seen before, either in the air or among the stars. I am at a loss to explain what I witnessed, but I can say with certainty that it was no ordinary plane or satellite.
That is why I am reporting this incident, in the hope that others who may have seen similar objects will come forward. Only through the collection of multiple eyewitness accounts can we hope to gain a better understanding of these mysterious phenomena.
I am Dec. 21 (the date), which has apparent errors in the day is 6th, as stated earlier.
This is the same sighting - the beginning of the report and details provided show it is the same case. I noticed the discrepancy in the date and wanted to correct that.
Are a phone number near the bottom of the page of the form that I filled out, but I have omitted that for privacy reasons.
Dec. PAST: There Yankee for December
A STELLAR Above (possibly "undef": unclear)
13 8:30 p.m.
14 12:57 p.m. South
15 1:17 p.m. South
16 7:59 p.m. North
17 10:37 p.m. South
18 1:37 p.m. North
19 9:29 p.m. Northwest
24 1:37 p.m. Weem. power: Venus.