There is no photograph present on this page of the document.

Here is the OCR text extracted from the document:

```
Information Only 
Sources: American Meteor Society for 1958, #137 

FIREBALL OF 1957 DECEMBER 5 
A.M.S. No. 2368

On this date at 10:09 p.m., E.S.T., a very bright fireball was seen from Philadelphia. A note in the Evening Bulletin was published asking for ob- 
SERVations and eventually 20 were re- 
ceived. Long after, some newspaper clippings were sent in showing that the object was seen from several places in North Carolina and V..., .... but with- out much data. This accounts for,
in not, at the tim... 
of the 20, 1 of w.... was in the Philadelphia neighbourhoo,. 2 from New York and one from Delaware. The reason probably was that the wording of several indicated that it was a hope-less matter to securi angle;.from mas-... servers, The clipping gave no means to contact. There is, however, almost unanimity that the path was horizontal.
'he of height of any one point could be well determined, by drawing tens with onserver's positions as centers; a path could be determined. Was fix .. approximate sub-beginning .usingze 4 observers in or near 
(being due south, also 
S15 at Marrow, N.J., and SS in N.F.. Philadelphia at ... 34°.;  the giving is a good diagram. The intersection of the last two gives the only chance for determining the sub-beginning point. S19 at Felton, Pa., stated it was seen to west going north, from a window S3s Fox Union Va., gives a diagram which in general cannot be interpreted but does give as: 203°. This crossing lines from S1 and S3 gives subendpoint approximately, using as stated our pos-ition circles. Frankly, it is a matter of judgment, after studying the diagram, naely where the projectile path was, but to satisfy as parallelism with the horizon, it could only be shifted parallel to itself, and so that the derived radiant would not be affected. The heights H1 and H2 of course would be. That it had a drawing showed by 9 observers as usual, to these it elliptical in shape. The mean of three actual estimates gives the diameter 0.3 of Moon. Color estimates as usual vary, but the majority give blue-green-white, and the tail was orange-yellow. No sounds were noted.
The object was unusually large and brilliant, but no estimates that can be turned into magnitudes were given. Some observers were indoors, some in cars, so the object must have been very bright to have attracted attention. As the azimuth of the radiant may have appreciable error, no orbit is calculated. The usual data follow.

Date 1957 December 5.62 
Sidereal time at end point 4.49 
Beginning point λ= 74°; φ = 38°00’ at 94 km) 13 
End point λ= 72°25’; φ=39°42’ at 94 km) obs.
Length of path 365 km 
Duration 5.06±1.5ss sec. 9 obs.
Velocity observed 72 km/sec 
Radiant with curvature correction 
a = 307°, b=-1°0
Parabolic zenith correction a=307°, b=-2°
Radiant corrected a = 301°, b=-3°o 

We find nothing in Hoffmeister -Von Neissl Catalogue of Fireballs corresponding to this radiant.
```