This page does not contain any photographs.

OCR Output:

THE KEARNEY INCIDENT

or at Hastings, Nebraska, and an- questions. Then I was excused and
otuer brother in Grand Island and a I went to the recreation room to
told them I was a suicidal risk. (It watch T.V. A little while later the
was said they had taken my tie, belt doctor assigned to my case came in
and shoe strings out of my cell. The and asked me why I was sent to the
truth of the matter is I wore boots hospital.
and had no shoe strings and nothing “I don’t know,” I said. “It wasn’t
was removed from my room, not my idea in the first place.”
even my razor.) My brothers were Then he said they would have to
told by the officials that they had give me some tests. And I said I
no facilities for holding me and it thought that was the general idea
was suggested they bring an attor- of my being there. So they proceed-
nay and a sheriff and take me to the ed with a series of tests that con-
mental hospital. tinued for almost two weeks.
This my brothers refused to do. During the second week of my
One of their attorneys put it this stay I had a test with the encephalo-
way: gram (a machine that records brain
“Don’t do it,” he said, “I have been waves). Four days later this test was
following this case all along and it repeated. Then I learned that the
has gotten too big for them, and chart had been so regular they
now they would like to wash their thought something was wrong with
hands of Smitty. If you get him the the machine.
responsibility will be yours. And if About the twelfth or thirteenth
I know Smitty, he’ll get out of this day I appeared before the panel of
okay." the staff again. The superintendent
Then too, I had had dinner with of the hospital asked the staff if
my brothers and their families just they had any questions to ask me.
the Sunday before and, as one of Only one had a question.
them said, “They didn’t see how “What would you say if we kept
anything could happen to Smitty you here for a year or two and gave
that fast.” Although I have not been you treatments?”
a permanent resident of Nebraska
for years, I was born and grew up “I think you doctors are smarter
near Kenesaw, Nebraska, which is than that,” I replied. “You know I
not far from Kearney. My four don’t need any treatments.”
brothers and two sisters are still re- That same day my employer from
sidents of Nebraska. Brawley, California, came to the
In addition to being a suicidal hospital to see me. He had been try-
risk, it was publicized that I smoked ing to reach me by phone for three
marijuana. The truth is, I don’t days without success so he flew in
smoke, period. to see what was going on. Unfor-
The officials also contacted my tunately for my business activities,
wife to see if she would commit me in the hospital, as in the jail, I was
to the mental institution. not permitted to make any phone
The first morning of my stay at calls.
the hospital, at about 10 A.M., I ap-
peared before a panel of approxi- Major Wayne Aho, Director of
mately thirty doctors and nurses of Washington Saucer Intelligence, re-
the staff. I answered some general ported trying to contact me by
questions for about twenty minutes, phone at the hospital and he was
and they also invited me to ask informed, “We have to protect Rein-
hold Schmidt from the public, and
the public from him.”