The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting report.

Transcribed text:

March 6, 1957 - On Wednesday, March 6, 1957, at about 7:30 p.m. Mrs. Corning, saw an unidentified flying object over the Jenny Jump ridge in Warren County, New Jersey, and the house, on the eastern slope of the Jenny Jump ridge. The object is situated on the eastern slope of the Jenny Jump ridge, in Warren County, western New Jersey, and the house, and the house on the slopes, commands a glorious view from the rear of the Great Meadows Valley, to the east.

On the day in question, the sky was overcast, with a ceiling that grazed the 1100-foot summits of the Jenny Jumps. Mrs. Corning was talking on the phone when she heard the rumbling made by this "thing" hovering over the field behind their home in the back yard. Hanging up, she went into the den to see what was disturbing them - as the witness had been wary and disturbed before, she had already tuned in his radio and switched it on hoping to hear some static or other sign of disturbance, but there was no such evidence. She then went out through a breach in the fence, looking out through the den window, which faces the east, to see what this object disturbed in the corner of the field closest to the adjacent fields, and hovering over this field, somewhat to her left and about 10 to 15 above the ground, was the object, which was approximately spherical in shape and changing size. Mrs. Corning immediately ran to the phone.

The shape of the object closely resembled a huge derby hat, with a rounded dome-like crown 30 to 40 feet high and at least 50 to 60 feet in horizontal diameter, above a slightly conically tapering shaft 12 to 15 feet on each sloping side, and completely in a gentle curve, with no holes or ports or windows or vents of any kind.

"The color of the object was a uniform white, dull but clear, with no spots, stripes, or markings, and reminded me strongly of pipe clay."

The object was hovering almost stationary over the field. The witness described a gentle rocking motion, but right to left unlike a boat at anchor in the water. At the same time, she heard a low "growling, or rumbling" noise coming from the direction of the object; this noise rose and fell in cadence.

Underneath the base of the object was a continual display of shimmering, wavery "lines" or "rays" that extended vertically almost to the ground. The effect was almost an illusion of intense heat waves on a roadway. The witness was impressed that there might be some sort of "light ray" was not nearly as well defined as Christmas tree "lights" or "rays" that shimmered rapidly downward toward the ground and then disappeared, immediately reappearing elsewhere with such rapidity that it gave an impression of more than one object or such "rays".

Mrs. Corning watched this thing for a total of fully 5 minute. Abruptly, then, the object rose almost vertically into the sky with a slightly northeasterly slant, at an "intense rate of speed." As it rose from the field, she heard.