There is no photograph visible in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

DIO: File 2DO 24-1987: REPORT OF INVESTIGATION. Subj: Unidentified Flying Object Sight at Huntington, West Virginia, 7 November 1957.

SYNOPSIS: On 7 November 1957, the witness had first heard a sound like a jet engine and then a "beeping" noise. She went outside her home and upon looking up towards the south saw an object which appeared like two inverted saucers, one on top of the other. The object remained in view for some time and then disappeared. The witness advised that the bottom portion of the object appeared to be spinning and that there were lights (about the size of a parking light) that were flashing and appeared to go up and down. The witness then went to her rear yard and saw the object "on top of her house". She stated that she could not see the upper hemisphere since there was no light on this part. She stated that in the object there appeared to be a "door" which she could not see well due to lack of light. The object then disappeared from view and things around the yard became quiet.

The witness advised that she was getting ready for bed when she first heard the crashing sound which also awakened her daughters. She stated that a Venetian blind in her children's room had been pulled down by the wind previously. She stated there was a lot of wind connected with the object. However, she explained that the blind had not been pulled by the wind but by the suction or wind created by the object. The witness further stated that the object was approximately 20 feet high at the peak. She estimated the object was about 100 to 125 yards from her bungalow, approximately 20 feet high at the peak. She stated she asked her neighbors if they had seen the object but they had not.

She advised that she had only witnessed the object and no other physical examination was made of the roof nor was any other physical evidence available. She did a sketch diagram of the object which was inclined and further detailed in her statement. A detailed drawing is attached as an inclosure to this report.

Time of sighting was estimated as approximately 1730-1735. Light conditions were described as night.

Description of Observer: Observer was determined as approximately 380 25' - North, and 820 45' - West.

Witness identified herself as stated above and claimed no military or other organizational connection. She requested that no publicity or release of information be made of this incident for fear of ridicule. She requested that she be protected from all forms of notoriety as a result of reporting this incident.

WEATHER: The source described the weather as clear and calm, and she advised visibility was good.