There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

Transcribed text:

"PROJ. BO 203, Edwards Air Force Base, California, 2 July 1957, SUBJ: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORT.

2nd Ind
Air Technical Intelligence Center, WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO
TO: Commander, Air Defense Command, ATTN: Col Joop, Ent Air Force Base.

1. Request necessary investigations be conducted by appropriate AISS to acquire additional information to properly conclude subject sighting.

2. Inasmuch as the reported object appears to have originated from the vicinity it was observed, it is requested that sketches or attached sketches of the incident indicate that if the area of trajectory are continued (extrapolated) from both the subject's path and cotangents with the point where the object was observed, that this extrapolation of areas holds true when plotted for both sides of the incident, and provide the position of the forces "scrambled" and visual comments, and statements of trajectory as plotted and ground.

3. Inasmuch as the reported object appears to have originated from the object, other than a components part of the aircraft or a dropped container, and the trajectory appears to lack evidence of power, it is requested that any information on object's performance velocity, and direction be obtained from the statement of the observer as this appears vital as the object is shown as appearing to oscillate back and forth after having dropped.

4. This request for further data is prompted by the desire published by the public in media greatly aroused by reported incidents, and all actions herein being made to the Air Force. As Edwards AFB is a right-test center with highly sensitive public relations, this object was a citizen release and necessarily a fact which could have been readily determined by a continued investigation properly. This local exposure dissipating interest and attention.

5. Copies of the UFO questionnaires, report and sketches have been made for this Commander."