There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old Project Blue Book report document.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text:

and am forced to rely on the children's description of the first and third formation patterns. I'm sure the following is correct:

1. A rather tight three-quarter circle.
2. Grouped in two's and arranged in a slightly elongated formation.
3. A straight formation.

Having no success at my first attempt on the phone, I decided to phone the operator. Taking the risk of her thinking me a lunatic, I explained the whole story, and she said she would refer me to Captain Scnaller. He was very courteous and seemed interested to eliminate any possibility of fraud. I told him that I would rather let the Air Force develop the film. A couple interested later an enlisted man stopped by the sketches and the undeveloped film.

About three weeks later I again talked to Captain Scnaller, and he seemed well pleased and even a little excited, and he said the films were "excellent" and the best UFOs he had seen. He added that a rather well-known officer by the name of Colonel Henry Hess had called the next morning and complimented him on the films. He said the films were the first UFOs that he had seen, including the films used by the movve industry. He told me the standard film was in good condition, and he assumed that I would want the films returned to Tarkio College where they were kept. I sent to Wright-Patterson AFB where they have such facilities, and make copies of the film". He stated that the incident was the best documented case of UFOs that he had phoned their library and upon receiving the film, especially when they discovered that the person that sent the films back to Wright-Patterson AFB were the same films he had asked me to send. He said I would also receive a 16mm copy.

I have told my story to various friends. When some of them doubted my story, Captain Scnaller was asked to verify it, and he stated in the mail a copy of the report Captain Scnaller had sent to a Colonel John F. McPhillips, Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio.

One shocking note was pointed out to me by a civilian investigator. Civi1ian orders titled [JANAP 146] and official instructions to personnel of the CAA based on JANAP 146. That JANAP 146 order applies to civilian airline pilots who report UFOs officially. Communications system known as CIVILS--Communications instructions for reporting Vital Intelligence Sightings! Why all this secrecy upon are complaints phenomenon?