There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a document discussing a UFO case from Project Blue Book.

THE RB-47 UFO CASE -- A NEW EXPLANATION
By Philip J. Klass

This is an analysis of one of the most curious UFO cases on record. It illustrates that a UFO report which may at first seem to be inexplicable only in terms of an extra-terrestrial phenomenon can often be explained by more plausible, if less sensational, factors.

The case involves an Air Force RB-47 on a flight over four southern states (Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Texas) during the pre-dawn hours of July 17, 1957. An account of the incident was published in the July 1, 1957, issue of the AAJA Magazine (Astronautics), by Lt. Col. William J. Weiman. It was claimed that the crew witnessed an unidentified object that paced their aircraft for almost an hour and a half, and later that night, ships from other worlds.

The crew's original report indicates that the RB-47, flying at high-altitude and high-speed, suddenly encountered an intensely brilliant light which paralleled the aircraft's course for approximately an hour and a quarter, sometimes pacing the aircraft, sometimes pulling ahead. The crew also reported that the light was able to fly at supersonic speed and to hover, had "played cat and mouse" with the RB-47 for a considerable period, and had been detected by electronic intelligence (ELINT) equipment aboard the RB-47, and by an Air Defense Command ground radar station.

In another published paper on the RB-47 incident, McDonald called it "a classic case in the natural history of UFO phenomena" (UFO symposium sponsored by the American Association for the Advancement of Science, June 1966).

My own investigation prompts quite a different conclusion. After a careful study of the electronic data, I believe the mysterious light was a series of reflections from the planet Jupiter, whose position in the sky at the time was just about where the crew reported seeing the UFO.

An inherent difficulty in investigating any old UFO case, such as this one which occurred more than 13 years ago, is the principle which have difficulty in accurately recalling some details. A more serious problem is possible embellishment, due to the passage of time, added details intended to make the data more sensational.

When an investigator must choose between conflicting accounts given by the same individual, he is sometimes forced to reject parts of the story as being probably inaccurate. Where there is physical evidence to support the later, he must decide on the "consistency" version. (In the AAJA article, the early account indicated the crew had seen "ships from other worlds.")

However, there may be an obvious error in the contemporary report. For instance, the Air Force's own investigative report (contained in the Blue Book file) gives a time of the initial sighting 10 minutes earlier than the time given in the Astronautics article. This report shows the RB-47 to be at two widely separated locations at the claimed times, which seems certain to be incorrect.

Where there is a discrepancy between early accounts of two crew members, the report by the individual more directly involved in the event seems more likely to be correct. For example, in Chase's original report, the pilot said that the UFO did not show up on the aircraft's radar - but in a later account, he said it did.