This image does not contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text transcribed from the document:

"off and once more appear in the strange vibrations. Then the apparatus made a skip over the route and making a turn towards the east, (approximately at 5 or 10 meters of altitude) it once more landed on a slight little patch at approximately 200 meters from its first landing point.

After its turn, the apparatus once more began utilization of the dignified signalling device (# on the diagram) which was subjected to brutal oscillations and violent vibrations that produced an "resonance" that was extremely remarkable. During the evolutions of the object, all of the witnesses saw the panels vibrate in a violent manner as if it had been subjected to repeated violent shocks at a very rapid rate.

Afterwards, the apparatus took off, pitching from side to side and all the time very undently towards a northwest direction, and at a very moderate speed. There was no moment when the apparatus itself did vibrate. The complete observation lasted approximately 1 minute.

Miss _____ warned her husband, who later accompanied by the policemen from Brignoles went to investigate the area. And, at the place of the supposed landing, the police do say that they did encounter a spot of land that was marked (on the path of the route that was supposedly followed) and the police did state that this piece of land did seem to have been swept under the effect of powerful blowers. On the path that was swept of land (second landing), the traces were still very clear. The ground was "flushed" on a diameter of approximately 1.50 meters.

On April 17, 1957, in the company of Mr. Pierre Ayraud of Radio Monte-Carlo, I went to the police station in Brignoles (Var) where she presented to me her identification card as a detective of C.I.E. Durango the officer on duty obliging gave me an account of the investigational report that had been conducted. He informed me that the witnesses were not only very respected and faithful, but they had never been caught in the act of any deceit or fraud."