There is no photograph present in the document. The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
Case 7, No. 15. Project 10073 Record Card Consequences: test would definitely establish if subject was lying, or was opposed to the release of information the Air Force was desirous to have the three strange objects (because of fatigue, road imprints, etc.) the case would remain unclassified. No indication at this time the objects would remain unidentified.
b. Close the case with the stronger of the two hypothesis advanced (dependence) dismissed. The sightings must be considered as unexplained due to insufficient data on the part of subject.
Consequences: Future sighteings of similar nature would be ignored and would not consider the Air Force's interest in the situation, lack of adequate data to determine the reason for not following-up the sightingon(s).
3. RESULTS OF INVESTIGATION of Lt Long's actions, whereabouts, credentials, and physical and mental condition and other data gleaned for the period preceding his sighting to provide the basis with further facts or confirming information necessary to form adequate conclusion. If investigation reveals no conclusive evidence, the Air Force would probably accept the findings, and the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center's deliberate attempts to exaggerate or publicity seeking for personal gain at later date would limit mutual relations, and any future acceptance of reports from this subject would be extremely guarded, with as an example of "UFO Clubs" desiring to exploit the situation.
4. SUMMARY OF INCIDENT FOR GENERAL WATSON AND DECISION:
a. Detailed Summarization of Case: Brief summary of the case was requested by Mr. Arcier to be submitted to General Watson for review and for consideration. 
b. Summary viewed by Col Erikson, Deputy Commander, who received the investigation report and his concurrence.
c. Approved by Gen. WATSON for final action. Investigation requested by Mr. Arcier.
5. FINAL ACTION AND DISPOSITION:
a. Final letter to OSI for full-scale investigation submitted through channels for coordination and final approval on 21 April 1953.
b. Non-concurrence to proposed OSI action with memorandum to Col Erikson outlining reasons for the nonconcurrence, with recommendation that case be closed.