There are no photographs present on the page.

---

Kearney, Nebraska “space ship” incident; 5 November 1957.(classified)
a. On the morning of 5 November 1957, the Air Force began its investigation of the UFO report, which, within a few hours had aroused nation-wide attention, and was given some prominence by both the press and television. According to (unofficial) reports, a space ship had landed on U. S. soil, was observed by an unnamed man who was driving nearby, and who, upon stopping to investigate was invited into the space ship by its crew. 

b. According to unnamed sources a seed dealer driving car, when a final light which stopped his car came from a nearby river bed, on which rested an object that he thought was a balloon. When he approached it, another flashed light came out of the space ship which paralyzed him momentarily, making him incapable of walking. 

c. Two men came out and asked him if he was armed and then searched him. After the search, he was able to move and walk again and asked them what the ship was, and what they were doing? They said they couldn’t tell him. He asked to get a closer and they said that as long as they couldn’t leave for a few minutes, he might as well look at it. They moved back to the ship and as they came near it a door open on the left side. When he got into the ship he noticed an interior were four men and two women. They all spoke to him in German. 

d. The space ship was/described as a ovoidal! a———, 100 feet long, 15 feet high and 30 feet wide and rested on four metal supports or “pads.”

e. (Name), stated that the interior was about forty feet long. Instruments mounted on aluminum stands lined the sides of the interior. He was unable to describe exactly any instrumentation except to say that a variety of circular and linear dials of various sizes were noted. Both Roman numerals and ordinary numbers were noted on the dials. (Name) stated that the interior of the object was lighted from an invisible source. No noise other than the crew talking was heard. It was said to be completely open on the sides, bottom and floor of the object, being perfectly transparent. 

f. After 25 or 30 minutes they bid goodbye and sped off in a Southwesterly direction, without a sound being made. 

g. (Name) was interviewed by both local authorities and Government investigators; and was later taken to the scene of the sighting by Air Force investigators. No marks where the struts of the object had rested were visible because the area had been walked over by newsmen. While he stated that the body of the object was less than three feet from the ground, many dry weed and scrub trees of four or five feet high were unbroken or undisturbed In the location where the object rested. He was unable to provide a reason for this. 

h. A spot of oil about 24 inches in diameter was found on the ground below where the fans of the object was located. The greenish oil covered the dry leaves and it was possible to obtain a sample from pools made on the leaves. A quart oil can was found about 30 feet from the location of the oil spot. The Texdol 10-30 weight can was identical to an unopened one found in the (name) vehicles. A electric type can opener found in (name) car made identical opening marks as on the He said that he does not. (Rest of sentence obscured).

i. After being interviewed by Air Force and other government investigators, he was examined by local psychiatrists for approximately two hours, who found him It was finally released. It was further disclosed that he had an extensive and had

Information in this last paragraph was public; it was released by the majority of the nation's newspaper press.




