There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

not mean that the officer receiving the report from the source or the observer does not have the prerogative to make his own evalua- tion of the details given. He does not have to accept the advisability of the words forwarded. He may be able to identify the object, if he does, it is no longer a "unidentified flying object", and therefore, does not have to be reported. Secondly, he may be evaluate the report according to source and content and determine that no value whatsoever is to be placed on this last point further, the officer receiving the report or the observer it may be obvious that the source did not make careful observa- tions of the object. Even though people make an observation, their estimates can be arranged and the sources and it might be more accurate to at least note the name and address or telephone number of such sources and it might be more advisable to contact them again. 
EVALUATING THE SOURCE:
As in all intelligence matters, the source is extremely important. We know psychology, is a strong element in this project, although we maintain that almost everyone who reports actually saw something. At times, they may conscientiously, let their imagination twist the facts. It should be pointed out that, as stated in the manual, some of our best informants have proved less reliable through emotional distur- bance or interpretations of the UFO sighted. It is very difficult, if not impossible, to give any intelligent answer to some of the questions raised. Sometimes you can talk to a person and learn that they are very imaginative and go a lot on that basis, rather than the actual facts. Pilots for instance, are very conservative in their reports more so than are some civilians. They may be flying saucer, possibly enhanced by the fact that she just read a flying saucer account, but categorically, commercial airline pilots are more reliable than individuals because they have seen and are accustomed to seeing these natural phenomena. People are more prone to be conservative in their reports. As field investigators you may encounter people whom we have recently prepared and disseminated to all ground units as a solution to the problem, and who show it to you and claim success of this briefing.
BASIC CHECKS TOWARDS IDENTIFYING UFOS
Balloons: When you receive a report, the first thing that you should check is the possibility of its being a balloon; a dirigible or astronomical body because these three objects give us the most trouble. We also go through this same procedure as part of our analysis of your report so as to get into each of them a little more specifically. we will start with balloons.