The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

We will not believe it!
Let us add that of the reconstitution that preceded the night of the famous storm lamp, in the pressure of the gas, was simply demonstrated, the fact that no confusion was possible inasmuch as that is related to the intense light and the color that the trajectory and the speed of take-off that are retrospective of light has no comparison.
What exactly did Mr. *** say? 
We asked Mr. *** for his version of the facts. But to be truthful, the inquiry of Beaucourt does not seem to ever have had any real version of facts.
Without a doubt, and in front of the police, it is true that he pretended to say that his wife was the one that had left the house about 10:45 p.m. and 11:20 p.m. But this is all at least one hour later than the event that is presently under investigation, and then he said that his wife went to bed at 11:30. This does seem possible because she did go to bed early). And then the next day in front of the Municipal council, he pretended that he was the one that went out towards the above mentioned hours, and he had his tractor with him (this seems a little less believable).
When at last we asked him for his unbiased opinion, he seemed a little embarrassed and he then revoked all that he had said in the police station and which is almost impossible to believe. We know that it deals with a certain principal...after all the Mayor's signature is at stake! But the meeting did not seem to bother him, and he did mention the fact that the witnesses that were involved were "honest people" and at no time did he try and create a feeling of distrust towards them and at no time did he become worried over their testimonies.
We therefore absolved Mr. *** with the conviction that he was the first to deplore his statements, and that they were perhaps a bit premature.