The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a report on unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings. The text on the page provides instructions and guidelines for observers to follow when reporting UFO sightings, including details to be included in the report such as color, number, formation, any discernible features or details, size, sound, course of object, angle of elevation and azimuth, description of flight path and maneuvers, length of time in sight, manner of observation, time and date of sighting, light conditions, location of observer, and weather and wind-aloft conditions.

(c) Color.
(d) Number.
(e) Formation, if more than one.
(f) Any discernible features or details.
(g) Tell, trail, or exhaust, including size or same compared to size of object(s).
(h) Sound. If heard, describe sound.
(i) Other pertinent or unusual features.

(2) Description of course of object(s).
(a) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?
(b) Angle of elevation and azimuth of the object(s). When first observed.
(c) Angle of elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance.
(d) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s).
(e) Manner of disappearance of object(s).
(f) Length of time in sight.

(3) Manner of observation:
(a) Use one or any combination of the following items: ground-visual, ground-electronic, air-visual, air-electronic (If electronic, specify type).
(b) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, and so forth) used and description thereof.
(c) If the sighting is made while airborne, give type aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.

(4) Time and date of sighting:
(a) Zulu time determining group of sighting:
(b) Light conditions (use one of the following terms): Night, day, dawn, dusk.

(5) Locations of observer(s). Exact latitude and longitude, or Georef position, or position with reference to a known landmark.
(6) Weather and wind-aloft conditions at time and place of sightings:
(a) Ceiling.
(b) Visibility.
(c) Amount of cloud cover.
(d) Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located.