The image does not contain a photograph, but rather text describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting. As requested, I will act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and produce the text found in the document:

Case 1/1, Card 2/3
SECOND AIRCRAFT SIGHTING
This report is the result of information obtained from an interview with Major John P. Steeves, Chief of the Operations Branch, 91st Fighter Interceptor Squadron, Elmendorf Air Force Base, Alaska.

According to Major Steeves' statement, an unidentified object was sighted by Airman James G. Bartling, a crew chief, shortly after 0230 hours on 7 October 1957. Bartling was on routine flight line duties at the time. He reported the object to the Control Tower, and Captain George A. Roberts, the Duty Officer, also observed the object through binoculars.

The object was described as being approximately 100 feet in diameter, round or disc-shaped, and appeared to be metallic in color. It was hovering or moving slowly at an altitude estimated to be about 2000 feet. The object was observed for approximately 15 minutes, during which time it made a slight change in position but did not show any other appreciable movement.

When the object began to move, it accelerated rapidly and disappeared from view, traveling in a southwesterly direction. No sound was heard.

An Air Force F-89 jet interceptor was scrambled to investigate, but the object could not be located. The pilot searched the area for about 30 minutes without success. The weather at the time was clear, and visibility was good.

Major Steeves stated that the object was not radar tracked, as the base radar was not in operation at the time of the sighting. He further stated that the object was not picked up on any other radar installations in the area.

This case is classified as UNIDENTIFIED. The object exhibited characteristics which could not be positively identified as any known type of aircraft or other explainable phenomenon. Its rapid acceleration and disappearance were particularly unusual. Reports from Bartling and Roberts are considered reliable.