The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It does not contain any photographs, but rather text describing an incident where a "blinding 'Flying Saucer'" reportedly stopped several Texas Motorcars near Levelland, Texas.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

Blinding 'Flying Saucer' 'Stops' Texas Motorcars
Levelland, Tex. Nov. 3 (AP)—About 70 miles northwest of Levelland, a mysterious egg-shaped object was reported by several Texas motorists to have stopped their cars, according to the Levelland police chief.
Texas Highway Patrolmen, too, who said the object first appeared at about 10:50 p.m. They said it hovered over the highway, emitting a 'blinding light.' The object was also reported seen at McCamey, Tex., and Noiwoodery, N.M.
The object was also reported seen in the vicinity of Levelland, and Clovis, N.M.
Several motorists told Levelland police that when the object passed over their cars the motors stopped running and the headlights went out. When the object left, the motors started again.
One Long Islander, J.C. Bren-del of Valley Stream, L.I., who was en route from California to New York, told Levelland authorities that the object passed directly overhead, and that his motor stopped and the lights went out. He said the object was about 200 feet in diameter and appeared to be about 200 feet off the ground. Bren-del also said the thing took off straight up.
Another man, Wallace Chariton, a truck driver from Denver, Colo., told Levelland authorities that the object passed directly over his truck and the lights and motor went dead. He said when the object left, the motor started again.
Other motorists said it did the same thing to their cars.
Levelland Police Chief Ray Slaughter said the object was sighted by several people and was about 200 feet in diameter and about 200 feet off the ground. He said when the thing passed over the cars the motor and lights went out, but came back on again when the object went away.
Levelland Chief of Police Ray Slaughter is convinced that some 'real phenomenon' has been observed in this area. He said that at least a dozen persons have reported seeing the object.
He said it appeared to be a blinding, egg-shaped light which hovered over the highway and stalls the motors and puts out the lights of automobiles passing underneath.
"I have checked the cars of several of these people," Slaughter said, "and the motors run fine now. There is no doubt in my mind that something definite happened here."