The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document describing a UFO sighting near Jacksonville, Georgia on March 9, 1957.

One of the most fantastic apparitions to confront a pilot is a group of luminous objects flashing through the air in more or less geometrical formation. The objects often seem to be heading directly toward the plane on a collision course but, as though under intelligent control, seem to veer off at the last possible instant and then disappear at incredible speed. The pilot usually recognizes this frightening phenomenon as an exploding meteor or a cluster of fireballs, though the sight is so extraordinary that he insists it could not have been a mere meteor but must have been some weird spaceraft. Airmen of unquestioned competence have made this mistake, sometimes because they "more than half-believe in extraterrestrial visitors, but more often because they know less than they suppose about meteors.

In trying to identify the alarming objects approaching his plane, the pilot often thinks first of a meteor, then rejects the idea with some form of the remark, "Whatever it was, it was certainly not a meteor." Whatever it was, it usually adds that no meteor could travel so fast (or so slow?) could have such a color, or meteor "obvious" that it was on a collision course. By as part of so orderly a group, move in so level (or so sharply angled) a path, maintain so steady a course, change course so abruptly, move so silently, or create so loud a detonation.

According to the document, the incident occurred on a Pan American flight from New York to San Juan early on the morning of March 9, 1957. At about 3:30 A.M., when the plane was off Jacksonville, Florida, the pilot and the flight engineer saw a burning, greenish-white, round object coming out of nowhere, seemingly only a half mile away and headed across their nose on a direct collision course. In a violent evasive move the pilot put the plane into a climb of about 1,500 feet, during which several passengers were injured. The document states that the crews of at least seven other flights within an area of 300 miles were reporting the same objects. One witness saw it split in two and the fiery rear section drop away. About an hour earlier, the pilot of another plane in the area had seen the breakup of a similar meteor but had not reported it. In spite of all the evidence that the unknown was a normal meteor, breaking apart as many meteors do, the Pan American pilot, "having seen thousands of meteors," could not accept the object as a natural phenomenon although he did realize after he heard the other reports, that he had greatly underestimated its distance. Although the object showed all the characteristics of a typical fireball, the flying saucer enthusiasts have tried to convert this undoubted meteor into an "unknown object".