The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is an Air Intelligence Information Report.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
UNCLASSIFIED
1. SOURCE: Address redacted, Levelland, Texas
Occupation: Student at Texas Technological College, Lubbock, Texas
Education: Second semester, Department 2037, Texas Tech.
Qualifications: None.

II. MILITARISTIC COURSE: According to the information provided, the source claims to have observed an object which he described as a flying object. The source stated that he was driving near Levelland, Texas, when he encountered the object, which he observed for several minutes. The source admitted uncertainty in some of his answers.

III. SOURCE'S DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING: SOURCE stated that he was driving home from the Levelland, Texas area when he observed a bright light in the sky. The object appeared to be about the size of a car and was hovering above the road. The object then moved across the road in front of the source's automobile, causing his engine and lights to go off. After the object passed, the engine and lights resumed functioning. 

SOURCES described the object as oval-shaped and is thought that the object was emitting some form of radiation or energy. SOURCE stated that the object was about one hundred feet in diameter. (SOURCE declined to estimate the object's distance or height above the ground.)

SOURCE estimated that he had been observing the object for four or five minutes when it rose virtually straight up and out of sight. SOURCE was unable to determine the speed of the object when it departed the area.

Upon the departure of the object, SOURCE stated that the lights and radio of the car operated with no difficulty.

SOURCE stated that there were heavy clouds in the area and a slight rain falling.
SOURCE had no opinion concerning the possible cause of the sighting.

2 Inches
1. Memory Sketch 
2. Statements

UNCLASSIFIED