The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the University of Pennsylvania's Flower and Cook Observatories, addressed to Major Lawrence J. Tacker of the U.S. Air Force. The document discusses reports on a "great fireball of 1957 March 15" and mentions other fireball sightings. It also discusses the writer's inability to provide more detailed reports due to classification restrictions.

Text from the document:

UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA
PHILADELPHIA 4 
1958 March 5

FLOWER AND COOK OBSERVATORIES

Major Lawrence J. Tacker, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services 
Washington, D.C.

Dear Major Tacker:

Many thanks for your reply of February 27 to my letter asking for possible reports on the great fireball of 1957 March 15 which crossed several of the Southern States and ended beyond New Orleans.

From the numerous press reports received on it and from our remarkable brilliancy and long duration, I gathered that many people would consider it a flying saucer-like object, and that the reports dealing with this fireball must have been numerous, some of the more remarkable cases perhaps worthy of special study.

With regard to two other fireballs you mention, I would indeed be glad to receive copies of reports in your hands. Often Hals are considered good reports, comparable in some ways to the more spectacular "flying saucers", and have on some occasions thrown light on possible ominous objects, and have several thousand fireballs in a card file. The Astrophysical Office of the U.S.Navy sends me copies of such reports from ships which I would be most happy if the Army and Air Force would do the same. As to not being able to get reports, due to classification, my good friend Dr. LIncoln LaPaz, of the University of New Mexico, has for some years gathered such reports for the military authorities. In his general report on the great New Mexico fireball of 1949 February 14, which was widely reported, he could get classified. Last year I made an attempt to secure them, aided by Col. D.M. Harrington, formerly of Air Force, but me I succeeded only in obtaining some key documents to refer to UFO, but was informed that no data was several orbits for such objects, which in my opinion are no doubt real products of scientific research.

And I hope that in time the value of careful study of such reports would be greatly appreciated and I hope we may some day secure copies for study and for scientific use.

Very sincerely yours,
[Signature redacted]
and former Director Flower & Cook Observatories