The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS
UNITED STATES AIR FORCES IN EUROPE
Office of the Deputy Chief of Staff, Intelligence
APO 633, New York, N.Y.

Major General Millard Lewis
Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence
Headquarters, United States Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Chief:

Please find attached copies of our publication on unidentified flying objects. Over the past several years all of us in this business have been concerned directly or indirectly with this subject. In fact, even here in Europe we are plagued by reports from even our own people which are so poorly rendered that we cannot make head nor tail out of them.

This booklet was published and intended to be used as a training aid and reporting guide. As stated in the first pages, there is no intent to discourage reporting, but rather to acquaint the observer with what he may actually be looking at. We find it mighty discouraging when air crews with thousands of hours to their credit make fantastic reports of what we often know to be natural phenomena.

Other publications may have been prepared in the past by other agencies, but a thorough search by my people failed to locate any real usable aid.

The thought occurs to me that this could well be only the first step in acquainting our people with this sort of thing, and that perhaps a film could be developed as a system of colored slides to be used as a course of instruction on the subject. Perhaps it should be included as a part of our flying training instruction, and it might also be of use to ADC in assisting their Ground Observer Corps. On the other hand, considering reports which we have all seen from commercial air lines people we might make money by offering something of this nature to them.

I hope that in this year of guidance we have not duplicated anyones else, and would appreciate your reaction to the booklet and the suggestions made herein.

Sincerely,
C. C. ROGERS
Colonel USAF
DCS/Intelligence