The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a star chart and accompanying text. 

ASTRONOMY
Venus Most Prominent
Venus, the brightest object in the sky next to the sun, will continue to be a brilliant object in the sky and will soon be joined by the planet Jupiter.
By JAMES STOKLEY
THAT MARVELOUS star-like object in the southwestern sky these evenings is certainly Venus. That brilliant object, rivaling only the stars and the moon in brilliance, is the planet Venus.
What you see is the planet Venus, now shining at its maximum brightness. This is the time of year when Venus is at its best. At this season, Venus is at its greatest brilliance, far outshining any other star or planet. It is in fact one of the brightest objects in the sky, second only to the sun and moon.
If you look at Venus in the sky, you will see that it is very much brighter than any other star or planet. The reason for this is that Venus is relatively close to the earth - about 25 million miles at this time - and the side of Venus which faces the earth is fully illuminated by the sun. This brilliance makes Venus a conspicuous object, truly the "morning star" or "evening star."
Because of its early setting, Venus does not shine very long after sunset. If you watch carefully, you will see it dwindle in brightness as the evening hours go by, until it finally sets. At the time of greatest brilliance, Venus is setting about three hours after the sun.
A little later, Jupiter will join Venus in the southwestern sky. Jupiter is now rising about an hour after sunset and will become an increasingly prominent object in the evening sky.
These major planets, the brightest objects in the sky after the sun and moon, will soon be joined in the heavens by two more of the brighter planets - Saturn and Mars.
Saturn, the ringed planet, will also appear in the southwestern sky a little later in the evening, while Mars, the red planet, will rise about midnight and climb high in the southern sky by dawn.
The star chart shows the relative positions of the planets and prominent stars in the evening sky during the coming weeks. With Venus as the dominant object, the chart should be a useful guide for stargazers.