The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing typed text. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

slides were taken of various UFO still photographs. They were run off a UFO microfilm, which had apparently been taken in Albuquerque earlier and from which Moore had obtained the information. Most of the slides had pointed domes, such as the one he had been shown. Moore was asked if he would not reveal the fact that he had been shown this evidence of the existence of UFOs. He refused to do so, however, as he stated that he would not conceal the fact that he had been shown this evidence of the existence of UFOs, and that he could not cure himself of the idea that they must therefore be from another planet, coming into our atmosphere from outer space.

At my request, Moore gave me exactly how he had been taken to Washington. He told me that a man who lived in Washington had called him on the telephone and asked him if he would come to Washington, as the Air Force wanted to see him. This was the first time he had been asked to come to Washington. Upon his arrival there, he was told exactly what had happened:

Louis Rubendall, Saturday, November 10, 1957, Geauga County Sheriff and Air Force Lieutenant who stated he was from Youngstown (Ohio) - called on Moore at his home. Sheriff Rubendall told Moore that he had been instructed by the commanding officer at the airbase near Youngstown to go to Moore's home and get the slides and the report, which Moore had made. He added that he felt it was Moore's duty as a citizen to do as they requested. They had to have the slides and the report, as it was necessary for their records. They had to have the information that Moore had obtained. He told Moore that they drove him to the very same field where he had seen the UFO land. This was the evidence that Moore had been shown in Albuquerque, and they wanted the slides and the report. Moore said that two Air Force men accompanied him to Youngstown. On their arrival at the base near Youngstown, a major questioned him closely about what he had seen and the details of his experience. After his questioning, he was released and he arrived home about 11 p.m.

On Air Force car with two officers came to Moore's home. This time he was instructed by one of the officers that he was not to washington for two hours, and promptly at 7 p.m. they did return. The officers told Moore that they had already processed the slides and the report, and that they would not need the originals, and that Moore could keep them. One of the officers told him then that he picked up another Air Force officer in Youngstown and that they had brought the slides and the report to the Air Force building where he was housed throughout his stay there. Two or three days later, before going to sleep at night, he wondered why the government had selected him to take this information, and that they had been sworn to secrecy. It was his belief that he was told that the information about his having seen a UFO land had already been given to Washington. While he was en route to Washington, he was told a friend of his, Capt. the husband of his girl friend, had called the commanding officer at the base and had picked the story up. Moore later admitted to having gone to Washington, but he did not tell me what he had told them.