There is no photograph present in this document. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text only.

analysis of the two reports. If they are substantially alike we will evaluate the new report accordingly. This is about the only method we have of checking such difficult-to-identify sightings.

(Slide 22 - Richmond sighting)
(Slide 23 - New Zealand sighting)
(Slide 24 - Lubbock sighting)

Hoaxes:
One phase of UFO operations which takes so much time and effort is evaluating such difficult sightings. It is the constant flow of sightings found to be, or strongly believed to be, deliberate hoaxes. Some Air Force does not wish to make the physical existence of UFOs public relations must be maintained; we cannot, nor do we desire to initiate legal charges. Many of these hoaxes are crude, others are devilishly clever. I should like to present only a few examples from our files - with a few comments regarding each:

(Slide 25 - Brazilian UFO)
(Slide 26 - Brazilian UFO)
(Slide 27 - Brazilian UFO)
(Slide 29 - Emission flow)
(Slide 30 - Emission flow)
(Slide 31 - Time exposure of moon)
(Slide 32 - Presents of "flying saucer")
(Slide 33 - Supposed "flying saucer")
(Slide 34 - Flaming object case)
(Slide 35 - Professor Adamski's saucer)
(Slide 36 - Reproduction of Adamski's sauce-)
(Slide 37 - Hampton Bay, L.I. sighting)
(Slide 38 - "The supposed new Green Men" case)

VIDEON CAMERAS:
As part of our efforts to scientifically approach and explain the aerial phenomena under investigation, we have designed and placed in selected locations throughout the U.S. specialized cameras. These special stereoscopic cameras are the most modern, the stereo-graphic principle. With these cameras we have now been able to place into our element various combinations of elements of which the object is composed. At the present time they are utilized in approximately 70 selected radar stations and control towers. To date their use has not indicated anything unknown.

(Slide 43 - Videon camera)
(Slide 44 - Test photo, Videon camera)