[handwritten: 5605557]

Meteors Held Prelude
[handwritten: DAYTON Daily News 23NOV57]
Of Rockets to Moon

Launching First Apparent
Breakthrough Into Space

HANSCOM AIR FORCE BASE, Mass., Nov. 23—
(UP)—An Air Force scientist said today that the successful launching of artificial meteors into interplanetary space "undoubtedly" prepares the way for a rocket to the moon.

Maurice Dubin of the Geophysical Research directorate of the Air Force Cambridge Research Center, said that by using a technique similar to that employed to hurl the meteors into space, a moon rocket could be launched.

He said such a moon rocket would travel under conditions far similar to those through which the artificial meteors broke out of the earth's gravitational pull.

HE SAID the rocket would take about 10 hours to travel the 250,000-mile distance to the earth's nearest space neighbor and gravity would exert a greater force on the rocket than on the pellets.

The pellet experiment "should pave the way for a technique for controlled experiments in the physics of the upper atmosphere and space," he said.

Last night scientists said the artificial meteors blasted into space from over the New Mexico desert had "unquestionably" escaped into interplanetary areas.

Dubin said the 40,000-mile-an-hour pellets on the hull bearing down with 40,000 times the earth's gravitational pull and are probably being drawn into the orbit of the sun.

THE SPACE experiment, which began Oct. 16, at the Holloman Air Force base at Alamogordo, N. M., was believed to be the first time man-made objects reached planetary space. The initial announcement of the project was made here yesterday.

Dubin said that only two of the original pellets were tracked and scientists "had no control of what direction the pellets would take after the explosion. It was fortunate that so many as long pellets were used.

The launching was explained this way: A 160-pound Aerobee rocket, in effect a three-stage rocket, carried a nose tip containing three "shaped charges" of aluminum pellets and explosives. The Aerobee automatically ejected the pellets at 40 miles, and the nose tip continued 19 more miles upwards where it exploded, blasting the aluminum pellets into space.

The blast of the "shaped

[Right column text:]

tours were caught by the tracking cameras because they slowed due to resistance of the atmosphere and the heat of the re-entry.

He estimated the atmosphere at that altitude as approximately one one-hundredth of the air at the surface of the earth.

Mt. Palomar Observes Blast

The brightness of the explosion was placed in the 10 magnitude or more than 3,000 times brighter than the fourth brightest which at their brightest rival the brightest star.

The explosion was observed at Mt. Palomar about 900 miles away. Some astronomers said it was brighter than any planet or star.

Dubin refused to comment when asked if the explosion in the night sky might have triggered numerous reports of bright objects seen in the Southwestern United States about that time.

Astronomers pooh-poohed the connection. "They countered that platinum pellets, used for observing a meteorite after it hits the earth's atmosphere is only 100 miles up.

The experiment, Dubin said, was instigated by Prof. Fritz Zwicky of the California Institute of Technology and was attempted in 1957 using Corporal V-2 rockets.

AEROBBE ROCKET
40 Miles, Nose Pops

[Two black and white photographs appear on the page showing rocket/meteorite trajectories]