The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from The Ohio State University addressed to Mr. Howard Cross at Battelle Memorial Institute regarding an incident that occurred on November 23, 1957 near Tonopah, Nevada. The letter discusses the nature of the incident and the possibility of a deliberate hoax, as well as recommendations for further investigation. It also mentions consulting Dr. Ross McFarland, a Harvard University psychologist, regarding the officer's physical and psychological condition during the 72-hour period preceding the reported sighting.

THE OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY
COLUMBUS 10
3 April 1956

Mr. Howard Cross
Battelle Memorial Institute
505 King Avenue
Columbus, Ohio

Dear Mr. Cross,

I have examined the Tonopah, Nevada incident of 23 November 1957, involving Lt. Joseph P. Long.

This is indeed an unusual report. With one important exception, it has many of the characteristics of the deliberate hoaxes and reports of psychologists and psychiatrists and pilots who actually see these sights, made by an Air Force officers, a pilot who took one of the photographs.

On the basis of the evidence in the folder I can only offer conjectures regarding the nature of this incident. These conjectures may be helpful, however, in the collection of additional evidence.

First, there is always the possibility of a deliberate hoax, even in an Air Force officer. To check on this possibility, I would recommend a discreet investigation of the officer's personal background -- the kind of investigation that is conducted before granting a security clearance. Specifically, do friends, neighbors, etc. know of any evidence in the officer's background that would suggest the possibility of hoax or hallucination?

Second, and what I consider the most likely conjecture, it is possible that the officer was suffering from a temporary condition such as fatigue or trance induced hypnosis on the occasion. Research on truck drivers, for example, who have driven off the road in order to avoid (entirely imagined) houses, bushes, etc., ahead of them on the desert roads, especially at night. This is most likely to occur on long desert roads, especially at night.

I suggest Dr. Ross McFarland, School of Public Health, Harvard University should be consulted on this point. He has made studies of road hypnosis. (He has also served with an Air Force Scientific Advisory Board study group and is an authority in aviation psychology.)

I recommend that a complete hour-by-hour analysis be made of Lt. Long's activities during the 72-hour period preceding the reported sighting. Was he subjected to unusual physical or psychological stresses during the latter phases of the survival course? Exactly how much sleep had he had during this 72-hour period? If he had been taking any drugs, stimulants or alcohol during the night's drive. If so, what and how much?