The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text is describing an incident that occurred on April 14, 1957 in Vins-sur-Caramy, France, where two witnesses observed a metallic-appearing object land near them. The report provides details about the appearance and behavior of the object, as well as the reactions of the witnesses.

Text from the document:

Case #1 - Vins-sur-Caramy (Var), April 14, 1957.

Detective: Jimmy Guieu, Chief of the Investigational Bureau of C.I.E. Carasso.
Assistant: M. Pierre Ayraud, Engineer of status of Radio Monte-Carlo. 
Eye Witnesses: Miss *, Miss *, Mr. *, all three live in Vins-sur-Caramy.

On Sunday, April 14, 1957, at 3:00 P.M., Misses * and * were walking along route D.42, approximately 1 kilometer to Vins-sur-Caramy. Suddenly, at approximately 100 meters from where they were standing, a curious metallic apparatus landed. The apparatus was dull metal colored and cone shaped and the nose of the apparatus was vertically pointed downwards. The apparatus was similar to a large spinning top with a convex peak. The maximum height of this apparatus is believed to be approximately 1.50 meters and the maximum diameter was approximately 1 meter. There were metallic lines that were parallel to the walls of the cone shaped apparatus that were rapidly vibrating.

At the time that the machine was maneuvering to land the witnesses heard a deafening noise. This noise was made by a signal panel that was rotating (#1 on the diagram that follows) that was situated at approximately 5 meters from the landing point and oscillated and vibrated in a brutal manner.

Misses * and * frightened, let out a cry of surprise and terror and the same time of the noise. 

Alerted by these shouts and screams, Mr. *, who had been caring for an apiary in the hillside, came running as he thought that there had been an automobile accident. It was then that he saw the apparatus take-off and once more engage in the strange vibrations. Then the apparatus made a skip over the route and making a turn towards the east (approximately at 5 or 70 meters of altitude) it once more landed on a slight little path at approximately 200 meters of its first landing point.