There is one photograph present in the document. The caption reads: "This photo, reportedly showing a smoke-trailing UFO over Peru, was taken by a custom’s administrator. (Credit: James Moseley. See story for details.)".

OCR Text:

No Case (Information Only)        27 April 1957        New Zealand
PAGE 12                  THE UFO INVESTIGATOR

Smoke Trailing Disc Reported Over New Zealand
Similar to 1952 Peru Case

A unique daytime sighting report of a smoke-trailing disc, estimated at several hundred feet in diameter, has just been released to NICAP by a New Zealand fishing-boat captain and boat builder. Withheld from publication until now, this report by Ronald L. Matheson of Mount Maunganui, New Zealand, is backed by his employer, Samuel E. Rix, Director of the Tauranga Big Game Fishing Club. Rix fully vouches for Matheson’s qualifications and integrity and also attests that the facts in the report are genuine and accurate.

Mr. Matheson’s report follows:

I am a licensed skipper of the Tauranga Big Game Fishing Club, and am also a boat-builder. I have lived at Mount Maunganui for slightly over twenty years, but have never before seen anything even remotely similar to the object described in this account.

On April 27, 1957, at 4:30 pm, I was navigating the Rosa, a fishing boat, off Port Charles on the Coromandel coast. I was approaching Channel Island when I noticed an irregular smoke trail which seemed to rise from behind the island. As I came abreast of Channel Island I saw an oval, disc-shaped object from which the smoke or vapor was streaming. The object was travelling horizontally. Two saucers fitted together face to face would be roughly similar to its appearance. Smoke streamed away from its sides as it moved on an irregular, constantly changing course throughout the sky.

As I watched, the object approached me on a slight angle bearing to the left. It then tilted at a steep angle and, shooting upwards, showed its circular shape clearly. It appeared as big as a soccer ball at arm's length. The rapid maneuvers it made covered an arc of about 15 degrees. For a period of at least twenty minutes I watched these movements, while I steered the Rosa out towards the Hauraki Gulf.

Not knowing the actual size of the object makes it hard for me to say how far away it was. I believe though that it was some miles off-shore. The object was perfectly clearly defined. Smoke poured out from its curving sides. For minutes it twisted slightly, then broadened out into a wider- climbing and whirling smoke stream. The smoke rose at such an angle that I am sure it remained in the sky for at least ten minutes before vanishing.

The movements in the sky—plunging, ascending swiftly and turning through every imaginable angle—I was able to get an unmistakable impression of its shape.

It was a huge disc. Its rapid movements suggested tremendous power. Moving in a horizontal flight, it appeared to cover a distance of miles in as many seconds. I consider that it was a very large object and that it may have been several hundred feet in diameter. I make this statement having seen Pan American airliners at what I believe was approximately the same distance.

Just before flying off, it leveled out and then moved away rapidly in a southerly flight, passing over the mainland in the direction of Waikato and Cape Rodney where it disappeared from sight. The smoke stream remained visible for some time, then slowly faded out and finally disappeared.

During these few moments my nerves floated in suspense. However, the object may not have been a solid reality as we know objects to be. 

I have made my notes as accurate as I can make it. I feel that what I saw is important enough to justify such a hope that this report—fantastic as it may appear— will be given serious consideration.

Statement by Samuel E. Rix, Director, Tauranga Big Game Fishing Club

“I have known Mr. Ronald Matheson since 1946 and can testify that he is a most reliable person. He has previously been very skeptical about reports of unusual flying objects. Now, however, he is most assured about what he has seen and certain that it is not a matter for argument.

“Knowing his practical attitude and steadiness, I am prepared to accept the accuracy of his report. It is his belief that the unidentified object described was of terrestrial origin and that its existence is being kept secret for security reasons. In my opinion, this is doubtful.”

NICAP Comment

This report is unique because of the combination of unusual smoke trails and violent maneuvers. The disc's description (light gray or greyish in most unusual day- time reports of objects not in position to reflect sunlight. It seems clear, however, that the object was not a light source, or self-luminous, as many UFO’s are described.

The presence of smoke trails and simultaneous violent maneuvers possibly could be evidence that the UFO was having mechanical trouble, especially since it

(Continued on Page 13)
