There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

SUBJECT: Request - Analysis and Comments, Electronic UFO Reports
TO: AFOIN-4544 FROM: AFOIN-33E
DATE: 15 NOV 57 COMMENT: AFOIN-33E/ACORN NR: 2
AFOIN-4544/1956
1. Reference is made to your request for review and analysis of eleven (11) UFO reports.
2. Comments follow in order of inclosure numbers:
a. Inclosure #1: This UFO was not substantiated by any other evidence and was a false target which appeared while the operators were working on different radar equipment in a radio maintenance organization. An alternate explanation is a possibility of radar malfunction.
b. Inclosure #2: This radar contact was probably due to unidentified aircraft passing through the area.
c. Inclosure #3: From the rather meager information in this report, it is likely that the targets sighted were due to unknown aircraft.
d. Inclosure #4: The evidence presented in this report indicates a good possibility of small targets of large birds.
e. Inclosure #5: There are several unusual things about this reported UFO sighting which suggest that the targets were probably caused by malfunctioning or misinterpretations of the radar equipment by the personnel at the time of sighting. This could mean that the radar equipment was not operating properly. (There is no mention made in the reports as to the experience, expertise, or other special qualifications of these personnel.)
Also, the report indicates the possibility of 'return to zero' indications on the scope which would rotate the antenna to determine whether the signals originated from a new bearing. (This would normally be an unusual maneuver but the report appears to indicate that the antenna was not rotating.) Further, it appears to indicate that the antenna was not rotating, possibly indicating a malfunction in the normal operating scope and could possibly be more reliable observers than maintenance personnel. It is concluded that the reported radar paint was rather an equipment malfunction than an actual target.
f. Inclosure #6: This evidence indicates the possibility that radar reflections from clouds or rain storms caused the unexplained signals. Subsequent analysis which compares B-band equipment vs L-band equipment indicates the probability that radar anomalies of a meteorological origin rather than L-band equipment.
g. Inclosure #7: It is difficult to understand how 3500 mph targets would stay on the scope for 60 miles. There is a possibility that weather or anomalous propagation caused the reported radar blips.
h. Inclosure #8: Same sighting as Inclosure #7.