There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

"Mrs. ... informed her husband, a rural policeman, who soon in the company of the police arrived, to the place of the first landing the police observed that the ground (along the edge of the road) was disturbed to where there had been a landing and that on the packed-down dirt road (the landing) the traces were even clearer—this earth was driven away as though a motor and a half."

"On April 17, 1957, accompanied by Mr. ... found engineer in the Route-police station. I went to the police of Brignoles (Var). On presentation of my card as an investigator for the present the adjutant Gendarimérie received me with his assistant and witnesses who are abroad. The policemen are now convinced that they have seen something extraordinary, and they are shown by suspicion of a hoax."

"As he could not accompany me to Vins, the adjutant provided me with a word of introduction to Mr. ..., the mayor. The mayor of Vins was not there, and although I insisted on seeing him, (on the grounds that we could not get in contact with the mayor who was absent), I let myself be convinced to question the villagers. My intention caused a press-up! Nobody knew anything (or would not talk) about where on the village the news of our arrival had caused.

They on the road consultation remained to those on us with indignation. I then interviewed the inhabitants who had "taken to the bush" on the near hill. Mr. ..., who was working this day at the bottom of the house, had not himself to hide ...

During our "chase after the witnesses" a front-wheel-driven Citroën stopped in the square of the village. "Messieurs from the police of Brignoles," followed by a sergeant, and a policeman got out, coming to announce to us that the investigation as investigators had decided that the machine in question, "remote controlled and certainly from the base of the little Lavandou," I hope excavation to fill the affirmation investigation that no nation possesses the signals that had vibrated with such a packet close to the ground. This matter by an experiment. General skepticism. I offered then to try to demonstrate the matter by an experiment.

Skeptical, but intrigued, my interlocutors acquiesced.

With our 4 CV following their Citroën we arrived at the location of the first landing on the road 22. There in the presence of the police who observed my experiment attentively I approached the body of the 4 CV and noted the similarities of the driving force of the machine. I touched the compresse which not in the rotation a light brown sand was deposited on the landing-gear-sensive seisult.

However, at 5 meters from there the road-side canal (No. 1 on the drawing) and the missile of the concrete ditch, marking this a deviation of 150 meters (we recall that the mass of the Renault has made a rotation only to have thrown the same associated) I limited the sergeant particularly 10 so that through the same apparatus. The result was identical to that of the experience obtained."