The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a project blue book document containing text only.

In Levelland the night of November 2 conditions were ideal for the formation of ball lightning. For several days the area had been experiencing freak weather, and on the night in question had been subject to rain, thunderstorms, and lightning. Shortly before the events described in the truck, the two men had noticed a lightning flash in a nearby field. The original description of the phenomenon as "fiery meteors" is thought to have been correct - the truck and its contents were flooded with light and heat - the classic picture of ball lightning. The truck's engine may have died out due to the effects of the lightning. The rain during the encounter could have caused the spark plugs. The feed line may have been closed, cutting of the high voltage ignition. Or the ball lightning may temporarily have deprived the engine of oxygen.

Of the other cases reported that night, some who saw a flashing object like an egg-shaped fireball, these probably saw ball lightning. Others, after hearing Sergeant's frightening story, perhaps unconsciously transmuted what they saw into attacking fiery objects. It is significant that although the night was stormy, the usual lightning that normally accompanies a thunderstorm cannot be preserved as tangible evidence. Its appearance in Levelland on the night of November 2 can never be absolutely proved, even though this explanation fits the facts. The ill facts reveal that in themselves do not constitute a satisfactory solution to so trivial a series of events - a few stalled automobiles, balls of flame in the sky, at the end of thunderstorms - into a natural mystery. (Ball lightning doubtless accounts for other UFO reports, such as the phenomenon observed at Locb Haven on October 24, 1963, when men returning late from a fishing trip saw a fiaming ball hovering above the superstructure of a bridge; it exploded with a loud noise and disappeared.) Anything approaching the appearance of a spaceship over Levelland. Any extraterrestrial vehicle attempting to land or the area that might would certainly have been seen and its path would have been accurately plotted. Monawatch crews in New Mexico, Arizona, and Colorado were all watching the skies on the alert, and in Texas itself official observers were on the alert at Big Spring, 150 miles southeast of Levelland, at San Antonio, 275 miles southeast, and at Wichita Falls, 250 miles east. Of the trained witnesses at these stations saw anything in the sky that should not have been there.