The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document discussing a UFO investigation.

Transcript of text from the document:

1. This drop took place at 11:52 PDT, 26 June 1957.
(2) Course of the B-52 and escort aircraft was as indicated in incl #2.
(3) Manipulation of the mechanism concerned.
(4) Impact points of the nose and tail section of the cone were as indicated on incl #2.
(5) No parachutes or recovery devices were employed on this mechanism.
(6) Flight crew had been debriefed on this incident and had reported no unusual observations or failing objects on the last run.
(7) All film exposed during the operation had been reviewed and no unusual objects were noted.
Lt. T/Sgt Fisher, one of the Air Police observers, was contacted (T/Sgt Jackson had transferred to another assignment) and a summary of his observations was made. T/Sgt Fisher stated that the lateral speed of the object was not really excessive, but possibly approached 4 to 500 knots. The object finally disappeared from the scene in a shallow dive, returning to the original course of the object.
1. Edwards Air Force Base weather station was queried on balloon releases and from Edwards (1) a small (5 ft) polystyrene balloon (sphere-helium filled) was released at 1027-1028Z on 26 June 1957, as a normal routine calibration of instruments. This balloon had a normal ascension rate of 1000 FPM and usually reached ninety-five to hundred thousand feet, taking approximately 2 hours to reach maximum altitude.
(2) At the time of the balloon ascent, a mild temperature inversion existed to approximately 15,000 feet. This was the investigators' opinion that the balloon released by Edwards may have been responsible for the observed phenomenon. This opinion, however, is not conclusive and further investigative work would be required to authenticate this opinion.
It is the investigators' opinion that the balloon released by Edwards Air Force Base weather station was the object observed, and that no further investigative work was considered necessary due to the lack of any evidence of an unidentified flying object.