There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document, likely related to a UFO report from Project Blue Book. 

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

(Continued from Page 1)
of the car, and claim it made a noise like air escaping from a tire. Mr. Cassius Wafner, CD director of the Sheriff's Fire Dept., continued the investigation and states that the object passed overhead at a terrific rate of speed and appeared to be disc-shaped about 50 feet in diameter. Two other parties, he said, also saw the object as it passed overhead and it left an impression of being something very tangible on their minds.

Mr. Warner said that "Moore does not believe it to have been a small plane or helicopter, and has accounted for the damage to the car and the shattered glass. He stated that he saw 4 or 5 of these objects appearing one after another at intervals of about 1 minute.

The Sandoval County Sheriff's office has stated that Mr. and Mrs. Warner had in their possession an object, apparently a portion of the shell of the object that struck and damaged their car. They state that the object is about six inches in diameter and one inch thick and weighs about a pound and a half. It is a dark gray color and seems to be made of some very hard material and shows signs of burning.

Mrs. Warner said she saw a high shiny object that appeared to be about 35 feet in diameter and considerably higher than any plane or jet aircraft she had ever seen. It appeared to be circular in shape and simply disappeared in the sky, she said.

Mims and Mr. Warner said she saw a reddish-orangish object about 50 feet in diameter at an altitude of from 2000 to 3000 feet. This object, she said, appeared to be completely stationary and gave off no exhaust of any kind. This object also suddenly disappeared from sight in a manner that Mrs. Warner said was quite baffling to them. The residents in the area said the object was in sight for about 10 to 15 minutes.