There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document.

NO CASE (Information Only)
8 October 1957
AIR FORCE BOSTON

PILOTS SPOT A PSEUDO-SPUTNIK

Notes: A large percentage of the early "sightings" of the Russian satellite Sputnik were undoubtedly accidental sightings of the new high-flying jets probably accounted for most of the mistakes, but some reports, appearing to be highly circumstantial, were undoubtedly caused by seeing luminous objects in the sky, which bore some resemblance to the new higher-flying jets.

October 8, 1957 - Veteran Pan-American pilot Joseph E. Flynn, arriving in a DC-7G from Boston, reported that a newly arrived passenger arriving with him at first believed was the first Sputnik. The plane passed over Boston at 7:40 p.m. about 6 minutes after the launching of Sputnik. The passenger, an electronics engineer, was able to identify clearly to the pilot that the object was not Sputnik. The object, described as brighter and larger than the aircraft, was at one time observed passing 20 degrees ahead of the plane, and at other times passing under it, moving to the horizon, and maintaining approximately the same elevation as long as it was in view. After this time, the pilot lost sight of the object.  

The object was in view for about five minutes as it moved to a point almost directly ahead of the plane, then climbing and passing behind the aircraft. The passenger assumed it was either an aircraft reflecting the sunset, or possibly a satellite or meteor. Since it was last seen remaining in view, and the duration rules out a meteor, and the size and brightness rules out an aircraft, it may have been a satellite which passed close by.  The long duration rules out the possibility that it was simply the Sputnik. Astronomers have estimated the time of the passage of the satellite as 27 minutes. Since the object was observed for 5 minutes, it was nowhere near New England at 7:55 p.m. Both the pilot and the passenger were convinced that the object was not Sputnik.

The observation was mentioned in all N.Y.C. afternoon papers for October 8. Additional details were obtained from Mr. Box by a CAA member, and researcher Herman H. Mitchell; although Mr. Box declined to be more specific on the details, we are obliged to him for permitting us to use the information.