The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a typed document from the "Project Blue Book" UFO program. The text in the document is as follows:

LECTURE ON 
THE UFO PROGRAM
FOR THE APS SCHOOL

GENERAL:
I consider it a distinct privilege to be able to speak to you today and to have the opportunity of meeting a class which has members that will become part of an organization upon which so much depends with regards to the Air Force's UFO project.
Unidentified flying objects, or "ufos" as are referred to as "flying saucers" by the general public and by the majority of technicians and pilots on the subject. We don't like the name "flying saucers" not because only a very small amount of objects so reported are actually saucer-shaped, but because the general public and the Air Force are specifically calculated to frighten the general public. The Air Force is not interested in things so tiny as to be frightened by perfournance configurations, aerodynamic characteristics or unusual features. Such does not concern with any previous unidentified objects. No unidentified airborne which cannot be identified as known or explainable objects.
The general purpose of this briefing is to give you some background the future and program and to discuss in a general way the part that you may play in this highly controversial field.
BACKGROUND:
As a point, a brief background and history of the UFO program should help to determine the progress and status of the program: and to understand some of the problems and complexities.
The program started in 1947, when on 27 June of that year, a private civilian flyer named Kenneth Arnold sighted several disc-like objects near Mt. Rainier. This was the beginning of the UFO "scare" as it was called, and with much sensationalism brought to the public's attention. The number of reported sightings, many considerable amount speculation, theory, conjecture, and assumption did little to support the program and its scientific investigation. It was given the name of Project "Sign".
From June 1947 to February 1949, when the name of the program was changed to Project "Grudge", the collection information was carefully screened, and every effort was made to explain and analyze these phenomena, and given the name of Project "Sign".
was changed to Project "Blue Book" in March 1952. The average number of unexplained signings for this period was approximately 20%. It was concluded that these reports were due, primarily, to: