There does not appear to be any photograph in this image. The image shows a page of text from what appears to be a Project Blue Book report.

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 99--THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS
Sending a letter with photographs of the fragments to Colonel
Henning, the Chief of the Special Projects Branch of the Office of Information, United States
Air Force, she simultaneously released to the press copies of both
letters and photographs, and suggested that the Air Force could
publicize and analyze the material.
The photographs showed one fragment about four inches long and two inches
wide resembling petrified wood in appearance, and a smaller piece
shaped roughly like a flattened cupcake, whose surface showed
that and which was like that of an irregular chunk of a gray, very
fine-grained rock.
The Air Force photographed the material, and the Information Office in
Washington, Mrs. Lorenzen, through the newspaper amplified her challenge. If
the Air Force wanted to examine the mysterious fragments, she
said, they would have to comply with conditions [see]:
(1) APRO officers, together with duly appointed Air Force
liaison personnel, would establish a board of experts representing
both military and civilian UFO researchers.
(2) This board of experts would decide what meaningful tests
to perform to analyze the fragments in question.
(3) The board then would select a qualified testing agency to
perform the required tests under the supervision of the
board. The board would assure that the United States Air Force can supply have
received no more extraordinary proposition. Whatever it may have
felt, Colonel Tucker merely suggested that Mrs. Lorenzen could
submit the material to ATIC for analysis.
The fragments were examined by the Air Force.
In early in September 1952, a group of fishermen on a beach near
Ubatuba, Brazil—The UFO had suddenly drifted a disk-shaped object
downward and exploded, showering down fragments and sparks like
burning magnesium. The debris had been collected by a Brazilian expedition. Tests
including spectrographic and X-ray diffraction analyses showed
that the fragments had a composition like pure magnesium. Although they
evidently showed the presence of at least three elements common
of earth-magnesium, hydrogen, and oxygen—the analysis confirmed that
the magnesium fragments to their original. shape have consisted of
pure magnesium and that the hydroxide must have formed when
the fragments came in contact with the water. The final conclusion started
that the fragments were "pure magnesium, which is not within the technology of our times." [sic]
Similarly, psychical material, a cook might assert that since chocolate fudge
consists, at least in part, of 100 per cent sugar, some must criticize
that a cook's composition entirely of pure sugar, except for a little
coloring and milk, it picked up in passing through the kitchen. 
From the few facts available, a positive identification of the fragments is impossible. The description of the object seen by the fishermen
suggests it was near the end of its
flight. In the photographs the fragments took like a dolomite, a
variety of limestone. There is no evidence to suggest that an exploding meteor. 
v) There is no evidence to suggest that the fishermen's "wrecked
spacecraft" was anything but an exploding meteor.