The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old newspaper, the Fort Lauderdale Daily News, dated Thursday, November 21, 1957.

FORT LAUDERDALE DAILY NEWS
Thursday, November 21, 1957

Pass In Review
By Orville Revelle

YOU'VE probably never heard of him. His name is not a household word, like Roosevelt, Stalin, Churchill or Hitler. Yet he deserves to have his name remembered, for he made a rather remarkable achievement.

His name is Mr. Moore, about whom you'll be reading more before long, and he recently landed a flying saucer at Roswell, New Mexico.

That's right - Mr. Moore, who was on his way home, deliberately descended from the skies and landed one of those saucers, which have been the subject of so much speculation and mystery.

When he arrived in Roswell, the authorities wanted to question him about the landing, but Mr. Moore said he had instructions not to reveal any details, and he refused to make any statement whatsoever.

President On Right Track
A statement by President Eisenhower stated that he intends to take up to some right way in determining what domestic preparedness measures in the field of continental defense are required to make the nation more secure.

The President said that any decisions he makes will involve the highest technical and military considerations in a way that will not jeopardize our traditional system of self-government.

This new approach, which the President is reported to have accepted, is designed to meet the problems of the kind of world we live in, where the man who leaves the service in good health should be entitled to anything more in the way of government help than the man who is unskilled and untrained.

The President can see, it seems, that the government can actually do more to help the unskilled and untrained than the highly skilled veteran - in the way of vocational training, housing, and economic opportunities.

And this is sure to be consistent with all the present laws that give the government the authority to do anything necessary for continental defense.