There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. The document appears to be text-based, containing a report on UFO-related incidents and investigations.

SCIENTISTS SAY NEAR COLLISIONS
MAY INVOLVE SPACESHIP
Congressmen Investigate Cases

The possibility that spaceships may be involved in some near collisions is always being considered by the CAA (Civil Aeronautics Administration), the Air Force, and the Congress.  

The two scientists made this suggestion after seeing reports on recent near collisions involving airliners.  The near collisions were thought by some to have been caused by "unknown objects" in the sky.

The investigation conducted by American Airlines showed that in the case of a TWA (Trans World Airlines) Constellation airliner near Houston recently, the airliner definitely collided with a "mysterious unidentified" object in the early morning darkness.  

In the second incident, several of the 34 passengers aboard a TWA Constellation airliner from Los Angeles to Kansas City reported seeing "mysterious lights" around their plane.  Captain Robert Adickes, who was the pilot, said he had no idea what the objects were.

The suggestion made by the two unnamed officials was that the objects involved in these near collisions might be "unknown natural satellites".  However, the CAA (Civil Aeronautics Administration) stated that the same objects could quite conceivably be "spaceships".

Dr. Hynek, a noted astronomer, stated the same opinion.  He said, "that the phenomena are not known natural satellites, as some think, but are 'spaceships' under intelligent control."

The CAA Aeronautics Board informed the public that the Board was giving "serious consideration" to the possibility that unidentified flying objects were responsible for the near collisions. This fact was later denied by the CAA, which indicated that the Board had not actually reached such a conclusion.

According to the CAA report, eight passengers were injured when a TWA Constellation airliner collided with an unidentified object near Kansas City. The collision, resulting in dead-end-injuries, occurred from 14,000-foot altitude when the crew saw a bright light approach their plane. 

Neither Captain Scemes nor his co-pilot could identify the unidentified light. The CAA communications station showed that the TWA (Trans World Airlines) craft had reported it was being followed by an unidentified light.

In the AA (American Airlines) case, the CAA (Civil Aeronautics Board) investigated and questioned the crew. They stated that they had seen four-winging objects, which disappeared at high speed.