The document page provided appears to contain only text and no photographs.

---

**OCR Output of the document text:**

---

44

THE KEARNEY INCIDENT

ing. The space people told me our Government knows about this activity because three of our submarines are located there, and one of our blimps and some of our larger planes have flown over that area.

The space people told me they will not permit this to happen. They stated that if we can't stop the Russians from attacking the world from beneath the water, without sound and without warning, they themselves will stop them. I am sure they mean this. They also said they wouldn't permit an atomic war. They made it clear that they are impartial and are not "taking sides” with any country but that they will not stand by and see our planet destroyed by atomic bombs.

Our radiation problem was also discussed. The space people are now using a new device to rid our atmosphere of radiation from atomic and hydrogen bomb explosions. This device is dropped from a high altitude and acts as an umbrella to cover a large area and not only purifies our air but sometimes nullifies the action of the bomb itself.

We saw many icebergs floating over us which looked like large white clouds. These icebergs were completely submerged and appeared to be floating underneath the surface of the water. We heard many large crashes where ice was cracking up. It seemed that the ice was much heavier on one side of the North Pole than on the other. The ice bulged up in huge quantities, then broke open with loud crashes.

We rose to the surface of the water and landed on the ice cap. I saw animals which were thawing out that had been frozen in the ice for probably thousands of years. There were polar bears, walruses, and some prehistoric animals which I have never seen pictured. Eskimos had apparently been slicing off some of the

well preserved meat from the walruses and using it for dog food or some other purpose. I also saw what appeared to be a small city with houses and buildings for stores which were completely frozen in the ice.

While on the spacecraft, one of the ladies said, "We know you Americans like coffee, and we have come prepared to give you some." I thought perhaps they had a thermos bottle filled with coffee, so I told them I would enjoy a cup. She put some water and coffee in what I took to be a percolator. I noticed on the can that it was M-J-B coffee, which is an American brand.

She placed the percolator on a table. I expected her to either plug it in some place or put it on a hot plate, but she did neither. Soon I heard the coffee percolating and could smell it. I asked what made it percolate like that. She replied, "This is the same power and energy - free energy - which drives this ship. The power that drives this ship is cooking the coffee."

They told me I could hold the percolator in my hand. I lifted it up and it still percolated. They stated that I could even hold it on a chunk of ice and it would continue. I asked if I might take it home to show my people what free energy could do. They answered that I couldn't have that percolator but that they would bring me one from their planet when they came back here again. The coffee was very good and tasted just like our coffee.

During the four days I was on the spaceship, from August 14 through August 19, I ate only a few small wafers which were about the size of an Alka Seltzer, only twice as thick. They were very pleasing to the taste. One day I ate three of them to see how much power was in them. I had no hunger pangs and never felt hungry. During recent lec