There does not appear to be any photograph present in this scanned document page from Project Blue Book. The page contains handwritten text that appears to be a letter from an individual named Major J. Friend regarding UFO sightings. 

The text of the document is as follows:

Major J. Friend
ATIC
Wright Patterson Field, Ohio 

Dear Major Friend,

I received a very hastily written note from your friend Dan Fenton in which he stated that he accompanied a friend of some Newsweek correspondents to Naples, Italy. Believe he wants to meet with Trevor James who he says borrowed from him actually money he wrote in such haste. I am not sure if he meant just the quote "they live in the sky" the author has given as a possible reason why governments are loath to reveal what has been deduced the theory that could upset scientific and religious theory may soon invade.

However, I believe that there may be some highly placed man of signal ability who already know a great deal and who will be the agency through which this information will be passed on to the nation.

Supporting this viewpoint is the report that General Douglas MacArthur had made a statement to the effect that before year 15 nations to New York by Satellite in October 1954 believes that because of the development of science, all countries on earth will have to unite to survive and to make common front against an attack from other plants and quote.

As he has done before, the politics would involve making planets. He quoted the late Einstein who was asked what weapons would be used in the third world war, replied, "I know not, but I do know that the fourth world war would be fought with sticks, clubs and stones."

I am in complete agreement. I certainly abhor the stories being told by the liberal correspondents. If this country could control the pressures of potential enemies, we would not have the problems to such an extent startled this area with his news be watched a UFO land. I thought it was a brilliant idea. I did not think these things existed in my own back yard. Because I sincerely thought these things existed in the mind of science friction writer, I watch them, there is no logical explanation for this object or the hurry. I receive while I watched. Or the strange alteration in body stands. I suppose it is all in imaginative minds and could not have come in best. I wonder about the consequences.