PAGE 3

FOUR SAUCERS from Page 1

pilot ordered to search the area had seen nothing, though airmen, police and other ground observers clearly saw a moving object which flashed a brilliant red light.

At least one of the four UFO's tracked by radar was almost directly over Oxnard Air Force Base at this time, according to the CAA control tower operator's signed report. (In the following account this radar expert will be called Operator 1).

The time was 2350 (11:50 p.m.). With several other CAA men, Operator 1 was on duty in the Municipal Airport control tower in Oxnard, California. "I was watching the radar scope," his airport statement. "When I noticed a target blip of a moving object) about 15 miles northwest and moving north-westerly. At first I thought it was a jet, then I noticed it was moving much slower than any jet I had ever seen on the scope. About 40 miles north-northwest it came to an abrupt stop and remained courses until within a radius of about three seconds."

At this point, Operator 1 notified all controllers for all miles to speed. Control center said [illegible] them up to 2,000 miles per hour (120 miles later, or [illegible] minutes later, Operator 1 reported other UFO's and objects apparently also hovering at various altitudes. This time, he quickly called the other control tower operators to help him track the UFOs.

Of the/c, 30 seconds later at 0000 M.P.H. [illegible] one concerned told the report in the same direction as the flying Operator 1 states. "We had them on scope. Their speed was about 30 miles in 30 seconds. This figured out to 3600 miles per hour."

"In minute or so later, a fourth object appeared in the same area," the radar report continues. "It went off the scope at 3600 miles per hour. Our radar does not give the height of aircraft; however, they had to be at 40,000 feet or lower, because our radar maximum height range is about 10,000 feet."

Next day, Operator 1 read a newspaper account of the Oxnard Air Force

Continued on Page 4