The image does not contain a photograph, only text. Here is the text from the document:

AIR ATTACHE, TURKEY

1. General Background. Between 2000-2030 hours (local) on 21 August 1957, source observed an unidentified flying object over UZUNDZHOVO Airfield, Bulgaria. The object was round, appeared to be approximately 25-30 meters in diameter, and was a reddish-orange color. The object was first observed while source was on duty at the Turkish Army Attache in Warsaw, Poland.

2. Point of Observation. According to the information appearing on page 4 is an overlay to USAF Fligtage Chart (1322) entitled "dated April 1955." The exact location of both the object and the source's observation position, which he observed is indicated as follows:

21 August. Description of Unidentified Object. At approximately 2030 hours on 21 August 1957, source observed the object over UZUNDZHOVO, Bulgaria. He was traveling from SOFIA to BURGAS, Turkey. The weather was clear but the night was very dark. The object appeared suddenly and seemed to hover for approximately three to four minutes. It then appeared to accelerate rapidly and disappeared from view. At the moment it was observed, searchlights which had been sweeping the sky began to converge on the object. However, another object, seemingly unrelated to the first, was also observed near the same area about this time. After the first object disappeared, the searchlights continued to sweep the sky for approximately two minutes and then either disappeared or it is light was extinguished.

(1) The UZUNDZHOVO Airfield would be completely blacked out to the light. The object giving off sufficient light to be seen at this distance or in the vicinity.

(2) Suddenly a light would appear only and slightly to the side of UZUNDZHOVO Airfield. The altitude appearing to be 1000-1500 feet. The light maneuvered for a time and then either disappeared or its intensity was reduced to the point that it could no longer be seen. At the moment of its disappearance, the searchlights converged on the area but the object was no longer visible.

(3) The time of the observation would be at which the source was traveling from SOFIA to BURGAS, Turkey. He estimates his speed at that time was approximately 100-120 kilometers per hour. This would place him at a point on the road near UZUNDZHOVO Airfield at the time of the observation.