There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a page of text from an old UFO report document.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

NG* Case Information Only*
24 October 1957 Portales, New Mexico

PORTAT-IT : On or about 17 October 1957, the witness, MRF, (aged 30) a merchant and resident of Portland, Oregon, was driving across country from his home to Portales, New Mexico, accompanied by his wife and two small children. At a point about 55 miles southwest of Midland, Texas, near the town of Crane, the witness said they observed a strange aerial phenomenon. This occurred at about 6:00 p.m. (CST) and lasted for approximately 30 minutes.

The witness said they observed what appeared to be a luminous, yellow-colored sphere, about the apparent size of a basketball, hovering and maneuvering at an extremely rapid rate of speed at an estimated altitude of from 500 to 1,000 feet above the ground. This object, he said, was under intelligent control, and appeared to be about the size of a basketball at arms length. It would suddenly accelerate and dart about, making extremely sharp turns, then slow down and hover motionless. After about 30 minutes the object climbed at a rapid rate and disappeared from view.

Other observations: The witness said the object appeared to be completely silent, and gave off a peculiar, steady glow that he described as being like the glow of neon. He said the "glass" (presumably the canopy) was rounded and almost perfectly spherical in shape. This was apparently a dome-shaped enclosure containing the propulsive equipment. The witness said the duel precision rubbing together caused a static charge. This, in turn, caused a blue glowing effect, and the object was apparently powered by an unknown propulsive force. The witness further stated the object was observed in various areas along the road between Midland and Portales, New Mexico. 

Other details: Witnesses' names withheld by request. No. Case came to be known in most unusual manner. Some time ago it the cracked windshield of the 1957 Buick driven by the witness was badly damaged, apparently from some force or substance impacting upon it from the exterior. Approximately one week later this damage was discovered to have healed itself, leaving only a barely visible, very fine hairline crack. This, the witness stated, is another example of the mysterious, unexplained properties associated with the object observed.

This case appears to be of considerable interest. The report is detailed and specific, the witness appears to be credible, and the case came to official attention in a most unusual manner, as mentioned above. Further investigation would be desirable.