There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old document titled "FINAL GALLEY PROOF" discussing the "World of Flying Saucers" and observations related to the launch of Sputnik and reports of unusual sightings near Levelland, Texas. The text of the document is provided below.

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 97--THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS
The Harvard Smithsonian Observations to Cover Moonwatch observations of the new Sputnik gave a sketchy summary of the incident to Dr. Menzel, who concluded that Saucedo might have seen an unusually bright star or satellite, startled by its brilliance, might unintentionally have been killed when he jumped, lacking any real conviction of the story. Asserting that, according to the director of the Harvard College Observatory, the flying saucer were admitted by authorities as a figment, the director then added that so qualified the director that killing the engine was a mere detail.

When the weather conditions at Levelland became known, of course, the meteor theory was immediately discarded by Menzel. Over the years the National Museum in Arizona, made the best guess of all: Saucedo had observed an sample of that rare phenomenon, ball lightning. 

Within a few days an Air Force investigator visited Levelland to study the incident. Menzel of his time, completely convinced that this saucer group had obviously not taken the problem seriously and could not have found the correct solution. Even several hours in the area, he had obviously not taken the problem seriously and could not have found the correct solution.

After studying the weather reports and the descriptions given by various observers and the descriptions given by various observers of other earlier reports, it is obvious that this had a frightening experience, very much as he has been described it in his letter to NICAP addressed to the "Chief of the Air Force Officer". Three persons, not fifteen as had been announced, encountered the ground. Several had not seen it at close quarters but had merely seen brilliant flashes of light in the sky.

After studying the weather reports and the descriptions given by various observers and the descriptions given by various observers of other earlier reports, it is obvious that this had a frightening experience, very much as he has been described it in his letter to NICAP addressed to the "Chief of the Air Force Officer". Three persons, not fifteen as had been announced, encountered the ground. Several had not seen it at close quarters but had merely seen brilliant flashes of light in the sky.

After studying the weather reports and the descriptions given by various observers and the descriptions given by various observers of other earlier reports, it is unfortunate that the necessary word further along the phenomenon observed at Levelland had been "ball lightning" or St. Elmo's fire. Supporters of the saucer theory seized on this ambiguity to press the notion, correctly, that their ball lightning and St. Elmo's fire are are quite different phenomena. They were on to conclude by some process of peculiar logic that neither ball lightning nor St. Elmo's fire was involved and that the phenomenon had actually been a flying saucer.

Saucer publications have, however, leads to an overwhelming probability, the fiery unknown at Levelland was ball lightning.