The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

OCR output:

17:00 pounds. The gross weight of the aircraft at the time of takeoff was 17,900 pounds.
The purpose of the flight and mission of the aircraft were normal and routine for the type of aircraft and mission.
No emergency condition existed prior to the last routine report as received and transmitted during the last communication received.
Terminalmorenormal occurred. No abnormalrecurred.
The UAT following was initiated by a descent to ground level.
7. No emergency message was received from the aircraft.
8. Some preliminary investigation for launching search and rescue aircraft was accomplished.
9. At 17:30 the aircraft was observed by surface fire crews that occurred.
10. No surface fire then occurred.
11. No wreckage from a crash was found.
12. Exposure of the crew to carbon monoxide was indicated but insignificant.
13. No evidence of soul play or sabotage was found.
14. No indication of malfunctioning equipment procedures disrupting established in flight pattern.
The board had insufficient tangible evidence at this time to determine the cause of the incident or to terminate the search of the individual, and investigation is in progress concerning the significance of evidence of carbon monoxide in body.
James R. Durfee
Capt. USAF
Marcus D. Derry
Lt Colonel USAF
The CAA report admittedly offers no explanation for the crash, and it probable source of CO (carbon monoxide), the report stated, "would be an unusual occurrence which could happen such as failure which would release part of the passenger cabin.The report also stated, "Such an occurrence could be accompanied by an auto flight control system failure which may propel the aircraft beyond control capabilities, and destroy equipment, take emergency evacuation procedures inoperative and destroy any other possibilities."
As a Wilton "crash" magazine recently headlined: "Unser Crash Mystery Unsolved."