The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing text describing a request for psychological analysis of a UFO sighting incident.

The text reads as follows:

REQUEST FOR PSYCHOLOGICAL ANALYSIS - UFO

SUBJECT: Mr. Waiters
AFCIN-43

It is requested that a review and analysis be made from the psychological point of view of the incident involving Mr. Waiters as a witness of a UFO sighting as reported in the enclosed file of Project BLUE BOOK, and a report of the results be forwarded to this office.

1. It is strongly recommended that Dr. Carl V. Hittie, Department of the Air Force, who has already conducted a review and analysis of other similar cases, be assigned this task. Dr. Hittie has wide experience in this particular field, having performed psychological analyses on other UFO sightings as a consulting psychologist to Project BLUE BOOK.

2. It is recommended that the interview with your witness be conducted as soon as possible. The information normally discussed between your office and a witness to a UFO sighting is essential to Dr. Hittie's analysis. It is anticipated that the information obtained can be transmitted to Project BLUE BOOK during the current funds to Columbus, Ohio.

3. Funding for the proposed consultation services shall be obtained from Project BLUE BOOK, and it is anticipated that the services will exceed eight hours of work.

5. The matter will require discreet handling. The fact that an Air Force pilot insisting and officially testifying that he walked up and talked to an occupant of a flying saucer could not only result in immediate and violent repercussions to this witness, but also have a very detrimental effect on the confidence and respect towards the Air Force. It is, therefore, deemed essential that the Air Force has yet to prove that these alleged incidents are without substantial foundation, as this matter could undoubtedly result in immense and violent representations to the authorities of the air Force. It is for this reason that all Avenue and suspects be explored before such drastic measures as a "witch-hunt" consideration.