The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report, specifically from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text extracted from the document is as follows:

AF FORM 112-PART H
APPROVED I JUNE 1949
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
CASE NO. D1-U-209-247 
ATIC-UCN-149-57
DATE 2 1 1957 
I. SOURCE: Carmichael, California
Address: 
Age: 32
Occupation: Truckdriver
Education: High school
Qualifications: Signalman in U.S. Navy
II. RELIABILITY OF SOURCE: The source was described by neighbors (residents of Carmichael, Calif.) as "extremely reliable and creditable person, who is dependable in every way, and in no way given to imagination or wild fantasy."
Interviewers' impression was that the aboveaverage intelligence, not critical, had an honest manner, and her story presented in a straight forward way. She had no prior interest or experience in the UFO phenomena.
III. SUMMARY OF INFORMATION REPORT: The source was driving his truck on the evening of 6 June 1957 at approximately 10:40 PM on Route 80 near Carmichael, California. He noticed a bright light in the sky which first appeared to be an extremely bright stationary star. After observing it for about one minute, the light commenced a series of maneuvers, moving rapidly from side to side, up and down, and back and forth, ending up directly overhead the observer. After these gyrations, which continued for about 2-3 minutes, the object took off at an incredibly high rate of speed and disappeared from sight within approximately 15 seconds. The source stated that the maneuvers were "just dazzling" and that the object seemed to be about 1/2 mile in diameter. No noise was heard, no smoke or exhaust trail was visible, and the object was completely silent. The source used his truck lights, parking lights, and a flash light in an attempt to follow or guide the object, but these had no noticeable effect. The source stated that he has no interest in or prior experience with UFO's and that he was completely shaken up by this incident. He stated that he had seen many "strange things" but never anything like this before.
UNCLASSIFIED