The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a detailed star chart or map. The map appears to be a visual representation of the planets and stars visible in the night sky, with various labels and annotations.

Venus, the Most Prominent

Venus, the planet now visible in the evening sky, has become a brilliant object in the sky and will soon be joined by the planet Saturn.

By JAMES STOKLEY

RIGHT now, as you see in the western sky these evenings as darkness falls, you will see a brilliant object that is the planet Venus.

What you see is the planet Venus, now reaching its greatest brilliance. Venus is always bright, but at this time of year it is far brighter than any other star or planet in the sky. It is the brilliant "evening star."

In fact, if you know where to look, you can see Venus in the daytime sky. As the sun goes down, Venus gradually emerges into view and becomes more conspicuous. By early evening it is the most noticeable object in that part of the sky.

The Venus has gradually been drawing in towards the sun, and this will continue to happen. On Nov. 15 it will be a further part of the way, but even then it will still be quite prominent as an evening star. After that date, however, it will begin to move away from the sun, and will again become less conspicuous in the evening sky.

Venus is now at its greatest brilliance -- that is, brighter than it has been for some time past and will be for some time to come. By early April, its appearance about 10:00 p.m. will have grown dimmer, as it begins to draw closer to the sun.

Three maps do, however, show the approximate positions of some of the more prominent stars in the sky.

Bright Stars in the Sky

These maps do, however, show the approximate positions of some of the more prominent stars in the sky. The first shows the southern part of the sky, the second the mid-heavens, and the third the northern part. By looking at these maps you can get a good idea as to just where the more bright-luminous stars are located.

Note, for instance, the constellation of Cygnus, the swan. This is visible in the north and the eastern sky in the evening at this time of year. The star Vega, the brightest star in this region, can readily be identified by those who are acquainted with the heavens. Its brilliance attracts the eye.

Then, too, there is the constellation of Orion, the hunter, which is now rising in the east. The three stars that form the belt are easily recognized, and the whole figure, with its striking appearance, is a fine target for the observer.

So, while Venus is the most prominent object in the evening sky, there are other celestial sights worthy of attention. The sky always has something of interest to offer those who raise their gaze upward.

SYMBOLS FOR STARS IN ORDER OF BRIGHTNESS:

1. ☆ - First Magnitude
2. ★ - Second Magnitude
3. ✦ - Third Magnitude
4. ● - Fourth Magnitude