There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

Aurorae may appear high in the sky or low on the horizon, depending on the distance of the particular phenomenon from the observer.

While the chances of the aurora borealis itself being mistaken for a flying object are remote, the erratic lighting conditions it produces may often be a contributing factor to a sighting.

There are other phenomena believed to be associated with aurorae activity which can produce apparitions resembling flying objects. Such phenomena occur during magnetic storms and probably also are the result of ionized gas emission on the sun, which occurs particularly in the northwest Europe, was described as a large brilliant disk which appeared on the east-northeast horizon and moved slowly across the sky, changing into an elongated ellipse, thence back to a disk before it disappeared below the opposite horizon.

This phenomenon was observed by many scientists who were out in force to observe expected auroral displays in connection with the magnetic storm. They knew that it was probably due to high layers of the upper atmosphere in the auroral zone. Its color was described variously as white, pale-white, greenish-white and yellowish-white. Calculations based on numerous observations of the phenomenon indicate that it may have been above 70 miles in diameter.

This phenomenon occurred before the advent of the airplane and all observed movements and brilliance could be associated with high-altitude and distance and were explained as being caused by compatible atmospheric conditions. Official astronomical records reveal numerous equally fantastic illusions resulting from phenomena of this sort.

The composition and structure of the earth's atmosphere and the space which lies beyond, and the natural laws which govern them, are complex. The foregoing is not an attempt to relate all apparently unexplicable aerial phenomena to meteorological and astronomical causes. Rather, it is a summation of the more important aspects of meteorology and astronomy which contribute to sightings of illusionary and real flying objects that cannot be identified readily. The information is designed to orient the potential observer whoever or whatever is meteorological and astronomical conditions which may enable him to understand the implications involved and perhaps his sightings more rationally and lucidly.