There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s.

NO CASE (Information Only)
3 AUGUST 1957
DENVILLE, NEW JERSEY

MORRIS COUNTY RESIDENTS SEE SEARCHLIGHTS--AND SOMETHING ELSE

August 3, 1957: The two observers involved in the following report have requested that their names be withhed for security reasons. This information is included here and will not be used publicly. They are members of the North Jersey UFO Group.

Two Morris County residents, "A" and "B", were on duty about 9:30 p.m. (EST) when they observed a bright, white light source hovering about a mile away. They immediately called their supervisor, "C", to come and see the object. "C" and the other two observers watched the object for about 20 minutes. "A" and "B" then called police headquarters in Rockaway, New Jersey, to report the incident.

Object: The object was described as being as large as a DC-3 aircraft, about the size of a car, and oval-shaped. Both men watched for several minutes as the object moved slowly and erratically, and would occasionally disappear and reappear. As it moved, a halo of light was visible around it. It appeared to be transparent. After about 20 minutes, the object suddenly accelerated and disappeared over the horizon. 

Witnesses: The two observers ("A" and "B") are trained in observation and are familiar with searchlights and aircraft. They stated there were no planes in the area before or after the sighting.

On August 5th, the Morris County Sheriff and Newark Evening News reported numerous accounts of "flying saucers" and "strange lights" throughout Morris County on the 3rd. One Dover resident said he "saw three saucer-like objects moving about the Morristown area." One Dover resident said he "saw three saucer-like objects moving about the Morristown area."

The papers explained that the callers had all been fooled by searchlights from Law-changing clouds, operated by the Pine Brook Aviation on Route 46, which was celebrating its tenth anniversary. While many calls unquestionably were attributable to these searchlights, it is clear from this case that at least one unidentified object was observed that night in the sky over Morris County.