The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

SUBJECT: Detailed Analysis of Edwards Air Force Base UFO Sighting - 2 May 57
TO: Director of Intelligence, USAF
Headquarters, USAF
ATTN: AFOIN-X 
(Mr. Sanderson)

1. Generally, this analysis is based on the careful review and study of all case data and information submitted on this case. The analysis is in three parts:

a. Study of the observer's UFO questionnaire, the official UFO report form, and all information pertinent to the sighting itself, including geographical factors, and the elements of time, elevations, bearings, and other associated conditions pertinent to the sighting.

b. Analysis of the declite photographs submitted, with correlation to the known facts.

c. Evaluation of the sources (observers).

2. Analysis of UFO Report and Questionnaire Data:

a. UFO report, photographs, and questionnaire as accomplished by the observers were not received by this Center until 23 May 1957, (see inclosures #1, #2, and #3) and considerably after the incident had reached both the press and the public.

b. Reference page 3, item (11)(a) of UFO report. The attempted analysis of this sighting by officers examining the report to the effect that it could not have been a balloon is NOT valid. In fact, the data supplied throughout the report (see geographical location of balloon sites, observers' positions, metro data, precise computations as to angles or elevation, bearings and altitudes, among others) would indicate that this is highly improbable that this was not a balloon sight. Observers' positions, metro data, precise computations as to angles or elevation, bearings and altitudes, among others) indicate this.

c. A comparative analysis of the data from the UFO questionnaire and the data derived from scientific instruments and actual official time-tracks of the balloons launched would indicate the following:

(1) Testimony given by both observers is that the time of their sighting was between 0755 and 0830 (see attached copy of UFO Questionnaire, Form 164).
(2) A radiosonde balloon was released by the Edwards AFB weather station, west of the observers, at 0749 hours and accurately tracked until 0330 hours (UFO Report, 11 May 1957).
(3) Observers both estimate the bearing of the object to be 75 degrees when it first appeared, presumably at 0755.