The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Director of Base Operations
United States Air Force
Mi+chel APD, New York
Garden City, New York

Sirs:

This is for the UFO section of the "To whom it may concern" department; our Sensible Flight Sargent reports that he has had a strange occurrence within his section of the circular flight tests going on.

Matter of fact, the winds were and still are what could be called "hallucinations", and objects including those that can be explained as regular targets. F-51's, F-84's and F-86's, appear to be zigzagging rapidly in their flight paths. This sort of thing has happened before, but the odd maneuvers observed this time appear to have no reasonable explanation - as if to the leit with someone else's control. 

At this time I do not think I'm completely on flying status in the Reserve, but I would very much appreciate your personal, confidential comments, as you have already indicated you are normally one (still on flying status in the Reserve). You see, I don't want the report to appear to be a "phony", based on any impressions that I still get the flying pay. Also, I think from my experience, one or two other officers including the ones involved in the flights are convinced of the sincerity of the officer who made the report. Please let me know what you think.

So may I normally confident, there was no hallucination involved, as the objects appeared to zigzag, shift positions, and accelerate at a rate of speed that was astounding to normal jet pilots. As they would go north, through an arc to the east, then south and through an arc to the west, they would reach a velocity that appeared to be faster than the fastest jet, and then again slow down to a crawl - so as to linear velocity. But the angular velocity seemed incredible. I think if these were the brightest planets, the maneuvers would still have been astounding, and I have a feeling these were not the brightest planets.

A weather would of course be the nearest natural phenomena, but I tend to discard that as a possibility, since these appeared to be silent, motionless, and having a trajectory entirely different from our modern jets.

On the million-to-one chance this has any relevance to your work, I remain,

Very truly yours,