There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with text describing various physiological effects that can occur during high-altitude flight, including hypoxia, fatigue, and issues with visual perception.

Hypoxia, resulting from lack of oxygen, has varying effects on the ability to react and to observe accurately. The effects of hypoxia may vary much in the same manner as those of alcoholic intoxication. Usually vision is affected, reactions are retarded, and observations are distorted. An oxygen mask leak may cause alternating stages of hypoxia and normally, with the individual often being unaware of these changes.

In a series of tests conducted at the USAF School of Aviation Medicine to determine the effects of fatigue, it was discovered that extreme fatigue may cause an individual to hallucinate, imagining that he sees a variety of unusual objects, and with a vivid sense to make them seem quite real. Fatigue, even in minor degrees, will slow down reaction time and reduce ability to observe and interpret observations.

Two phenomena that occur frequently are those of autohypnosis and autokinesis. In both of these reactions, a stationary light will assume apparent movement. In autohypnosis, this reaction is caused by continued attention to an external light source. Autokinesis is the result of observing a stationary light under circumstances in which the environment relation to familiar objects is absent.

There is strong evidence that a great many visual problems, both physical and physiological, arise as a direct result of flight at high altitudes. When viewing targets at relatively low altitudes, the ability of distant targets will be reduced by atmospheric haze. This is because light emanating from objects in space is gradually attenuated by absorption and by primary and secondary scattering along the pathway of sight.

Along with the variation of the contrast by atmospheric interference, there is a shift of the apparent contours. This has been discussed by experts at the USAF School of Aviation Medicine. From these studies, it was concluded that the apparent angular and apparent distance of objects depend on the brightness and luminance of the object as well as on the deviation of the apparent luminance from the actual luminance of an object in space will result in the object's appearing brighter than it actually is. This may result in false identification of a normally familiar object.

The physiological effects enumerated above are but a few of the manifestations resulting from known reactions. Many physiological effects resulting from high-performance flight are still in the category of unknowns. However, these factors greatly influence one's ability to understand and interpret sensory reactions. If recognized by the aircrew member, they may aid in identifying unfamiliar objects in flight.