No Case (Information Only)                    latter October 1957
                                                        South Lee, Massachusetts


                                          15.

              "THINGS" THAT GO BUMP IN THE NIGHT

     The reader will have noticed that the November 1957 sighting wave in the U.S.,
like the Fall 1954 wave in France, has been marked by numerous reports of landings,
with and without occupants. The skeptic who disbelieves all of these stories
must conclude that the US population possesses an unsuspected streak of imagination;
since, along with similarities, the stories show differences of unexpected details
that call for considerable powers of invention. Take, for example, the story told
by Mr. and Mrs. Beverly Potter, of South Lee, Mass., who were interviewed at their
home by the Reverend Albert Baller on WBRK (Pittsfield) broadcast,
on Nov. 6. Mrs. Potter's account of the experience, which had taken place about two
weeks before. The following comes chiefly from Mr. Baller's letter about his talk
with the Potters.

     Between 2 and 3 a.m. the Potters were awakened by a noise like a jet about to
land - "but not really like a jet, either." Looking out of their bedroom window,
they saw the back yard illuminated by light that came around the corner of the house
from a source that was then invisible. The lighted area "went bright and dim, bright
and dim," and they could see three dark figures moving around, that "kept bumping
into things and making a lot of racket." The "jet" noise had been replaced by a
high-pitched whining sound; "it made my head ache all the time," Mrs. Potter said.
After a while, Mr. Potter shouted at the "thing" to go away, and they ran behind a
shed. About then, the source of the light moved around the corner of the house.
It was "a kind of floating thing, about two feet from the ground and about six feet
from the ground at the top. It was "sort of without any sharp or clear shape, but
gave out light in front of it and under it; it was dark behind it." The figures
"moved away." In the distance, north of Ruin Hill, a beam into the sky. In the
morning the Potters found the high grass in the next field matted down, objects near
the shed kicked over, and a shovel broken. Mr. Baller was impressed by the way the
observers told their story, and by its agreement in all essentials with the tape of
the radio interview. A copy of this tape is being made for CSI.

     Reports of physical distress seemingly caused by the proximity of a UFO, like
Mrs. Potter's headache that went away when the "object" left, are not absolutely
unique; but the blundering about, at it in the dark, may be the first report of its
kind. (Note: Our remarks in the first paragraph are not to be taken as indicating
that CSI accepts this report, or any other in this issue, at present. However, we
give great weight to the opinion of our respected colleague, the Reverend Baller.)