The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). 

The text in the document is as follows:

"UNCLASSIFIED

1. This investigation was verbally requested by the Commander, Barksdale Air Force Base, Louisiana, on 2 May 1957, and confirmed in letter signed by Lt. Col. J. G. SPONGBERG, Deputy Commander, Barksdale Air Force Base, dated 6 May 1957, with subject indicated as 'CIVILIAN, Alleged Unidentified Flying Object Sighted near Ringgold, Louisiana.'

The report was submitted by Mr. STEVE RUSHTON, Ringgold, Louisiana, in which he observed a large, red, elongated-shaped object descend from the sky as he was driving near Ringgold, Louisiana, at 0230 hours, 25 April 1957.

AT BARKSDALE AFB, LOUISIANA

On 1 May 1957, Major POWELL D. YATES, 1569th Aero Operations Officer, furnished the following information. On 27 April 1957, at approximately 0230 hours, Mr. STEVE RUSHTON, Ringgold, Louisiana, telephonically contacted Barksdale A.F.B., and reported that on 25 April 1957, with return address as 316 Chattanooga St., Ruston, La. The contents of this letter are set forth as follows:

'Ruston, La
April 27th

'Dear Sir:

'I would like to tell you about something I saw at 2:30 o'clock Wednesday morning - April 25th. I had gone fishing to the dam at Lake Bistineau. A strong winds came up with lightning and I decided to go to Ringgold, La. until morning. Six miles from Ringgold I was driving slowly because of the torrential rain and as I started to pass a stand of trees I noticed a large, red, elongated object descend from the sky and apparent float down and settle in a grove of trees approximately a half mile away. It continued to glow as it rested on them. It seemed to rise up out of the trees and it covered several of them. It continued to glow as it rested on them. It seemed to rise up out of the trees and it covered several of them. It then went down and was lost to my view.

'My wife said I should report it to the proper authorities so if you are interested, contact me. I believe I can take you to the spot. 

'Respectfully yours
"STEVE RUSHTON
Ruston, La.

'P.S. I don't drink and this was definitely something!'

UNCLASSIFIED
FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY"