The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a full-page article titled "Venus Most Prominent" by James Stokley. The article discusses Venus as the only planet visible in the evening sky and how it will soon be joined by other planets. The article also includes a star chart showing the locations of various constellations and stars in relation to the appearance of Venus.

Text extracted from the document:

VENUS MOST PROMINENT

Venus, the only planet now visible in the evening, is a brilliant object in the sky and will soon be joined by the Leonids, "shooting stars."

By JAMES STOKLEY

That brilliant object you see in the west after sunset these evenings is not a star, but the planet Venus. It is the "evening star" now, but Venus will not remain in this position for long. As the other planets gradually come into view, Venus will lose some of its prominence in the sky.

Venus is far brighter than any other star visible in the night sky and there can be no doubt as to its identity. Long before the sky is dark, this brilliant planet can be observed. It is one of the earliest celestial objects to come into view as the sun sets.

Venus has gradually been drawing to the east, after reaching its greatest brilliance early in the month. It will pass by the relatively faint star Antares, in the constellation Scorpius, on the evening of Nov. 17. After this time, Venus will begin to draw gradually away from the western horizon, and remain visible for a shorter time each evening.

Orion Season's Finest

This is the Orient season's finest, for in the east rises the great constellation Orion, the hunter. It is one of the most prominent stellar groups in the entire heavens, and is just beginning now to make its evening debut.

The three stars in a row that form the "Belt of Orion" are a conspicuous feature, while slightly above them is the reddish star Betelgeuse, marking one of Orion's shoulders. Below the belt are the stars that form the "Sword of Orion" which appears to be hanging from the belt. A keen eye can make out the nebulosity in this part of the sword, showing the great glowing cloud of gas which contains new stars in the process of formation.

Bright Birds in the Sky

These autumn evenings, however, show the stars at their best. High overhead is the giant Summer Triangle, formed by the bright stars Vega, Altair and Deneb. This is a real part of the northern constellations of Lyra, Aquila and Cygnus. To the east, the brilliant white star Capella is rising, marking the head of the goat-herder Auriga.

The star Arcturus, the brightest in the northern sky, has swung to the west, while the brilliant Vega is near the zenith. Procyon, the "little dog star," is coming into view in the northeast, its modest scintillations contrasting with the sparkling of the overhead giants. This is the time of year when the great star patterns are most impressive in the heavens.

SYMBOLS FOR STARS IN ORDER OF BRIGHTNESS: