The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. government program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcribed text from the document:

Science News Letter for February 23, 1957

Many normal people who go to their physician for satisfactory and comfortable treatment sometimes feel that a "casual" examination and evaluation and a prescription for a new tranquilizer is not sufficient. The patients returned to complain of unspecified symptoms, often vague, and it was pointed out to them that there was no known physical basis for their complaints. They were told that no more deeply seated illness was present. They were urged to feel that the tranquil manner, the philosophical outlook, and the proper attitude would be adequate, but this was rejected.

The problem of industrial noise is a serious one to industry, workers and physicians. Dr. Howard Schechter, University of Rochester, N. Y., told the Regional Institute of the Industrial Hygiene Society of Chicago, Ill., that the problem who is responsible for this difficulty. This physiological problem is often described as "industrial noise is tough."

The problem who is responsible is that annoying noise which people encounter in factories, in hospitals, in offices and in many other industrial and commercial establishments. The noise may not be loud enough to produce deafness, but it may become an irritant and annoyance that results in fatigue, nervousness and lack of concentration.

Dr. Nash is sometimes asked to testify in lawsuits that involve claims of hearing loss due to industrial noise. On the other hand, while seeking compensation for employees, he must be careful to rule out disablements that happened gradually over the years as opposed to sudden trauma.

It is not always easy to distinguish between a temporary impaired loss and a permanent one, said Nash. Efforts to make the best of a bad situation by improving noise control often prove disappointing, for the measures taken may not remove the noise but merely reduce it to a level still disabling.

The patients are told that their emotional and tension problems must not be confused with this physical handicap. While the physician may believe that tranquilizers would help, the patients want something more visible that identifies their plight.

Science News Letter, February 23, 1957

Tranquilizers Endanger Emotional Health

TRANQUILIZING drugs can endanger your emotional health, Dr. Herman A. Dickel and Hobart B. Dornbush, M.D., told the American Medical Association.

In an article in the Journal of the American Medical Association, Vol. 162, they said: "Since the tranquilizing drugs do not cure the underlying condition, they may actually delay the acquisition of the normal resources for coping with emotional problems, and they may thus prove to be a mixed blessing at best and a serious handicap at worst."

The authors point out that the extensive use of tranquilizing drugs has created some problems because they tend to conceal problems rather than cure them. While they may make the patient feel better, they do not attack the basic source of emotional disturbance.

Physiology

Brain Stroke Condition Not Found in Animals

• THE FACT is that some minerals which have been detected in the human brain but have not been found in animals, including those which are related to the so-called brain stroke condition, might prove to be a new clue for studying the surface structures of neuroblastoma cells.

Calling the phenomenon "fluorescence," Dr. M. Peisach of the Institute of Nuclear Studies, Vienna, Austria, points out that the manner in which the human brain accumulates these minerals, such as mercury, has not yet been properly understood.

Dr. Peisach says that the colorful fluorescence does not appear for the animals have been found to lack the ability to accumulate these minerals in the way the human brain does. He thinks this might be a significant factor when one considers the problem of brain cell metabolism as related to the nature of the tumor process and how it arises.

Further experiments, he says, are needed to clarify the mechanisms through which the human brain can accumulate these trace mineral elements, when the normally heated tissue samples are stained again in a less rigorous way.

This indicates the characteristic of fluorescence of some tumor cells might be related to the ability of the human brain to accumulate certain trace mineral elements, a phenomenon not observed in animals.

Science News Letter, February 23, 1957

Watered Down, Reheated Minerals "Fluorescent"?

• THE FACT that some minerals, when found under ultra-violet rays, might prove to be a new clue for studying the surface structure of human neuroblastoma cells, was pointed out by Dr. M. Peisach of the Institute of Nuclear Studies, Vienna, Austria.

Calling the phenomenon "fluorescence," Dr. Peisach points out that the manner in which the human brain accumulates these minerals, such as mercury, has not yet been properly understood.

Dr. Peisach says that the colorful fluorescence does not appear for the animals have been found to lack the ability to accumulate these minerals in the way the human brain does. He thinks this might be a significant factor when one considers the problem of brain cell metabolism as related to the nature of the tumor process and how it arises.

Further experiments, he says, are needed to clarify the mechanisms through which the human brain can accumulate these trace mineral elements, when the normally heated tissue samples are stained again in a less rigorous way.

This indicates the characteristic of fluorescence of some tumor cells might be related to the ability of the human brain to accumulate certain trace mineral elements, a phenomenon not observed in animals.