[handwritten: detailed report continued - page / more at oxnard? and w/i 12.]

MORE AT OXNARD

March 23-24, 1957: In News Letter #7 (p. 25) we described a UFO sighting over Oxnard AFB, California, in the early morning hours of March 23. In the evening of that same day numerous other reports were received from the same locality and nearby.

At 9:55 p.m., from Downey (about 40 miles southeast of Oxnard), [redacted] of Pasadena reported seeing a silent "bright red object" in the south.

At about 11:00, reports began to come in from Pasadena. Hundreds of people along Colorado Street stared into the sky at an object. The Pasadena police switchboard took numerous calls and the Pasadena Filter Center received "many" reports between 11:10 and 11:50. Captain Joe Fry, Filter Center C.O., said, "We had reports that this was orange-red, flashing a bright white light. Some of the callers claimed they heard the 'sound of reports' when the light flashed from the object." The Filter Center notified "our radar contact" (an unidentified CAA post near Los Angeles).

Captain Fry also said that a complete report was filed with Norton AFB; Major Thomas Bowers, Information Services Officer of the 27th Air Division, said the object could not be identified. "We were not able to pick the object up on radar. No Air Force personnel saw the object." (Both of these statements by Major Bowers are contradicted by [redacted] in his UFO Investigator - see item on NICAP for details--Eds.) Bowers added that other reports had come from Los Angeles and Oxnard; he had heard that a plane from Oxnard AFB had been sent up to investigate but he had no official confirmation that such was the case.

Among the Pasadena observers were Air Force T/Sgt. Dewey Crow and Les Wagner (of the U. S. Armed-News), who works with Crow at the Air Defense Filter Center. Wagner, thinking the object may have been a balloon, checked various bureaus and stations that launch balloons, but failed to learn of any releasings that might account for the object.

Finally, in the early morning hours of March 24, near Oxnard, a UFO "swished" low over a car driven by [redacted], of the U. S. Navy. The UFO buzzed his automobile all the way to the gates of the U. S. Naval Station. Ross Leadabrand in the Pasadena Independent, 3/26; Lee Pitt in the L. A. Mirror-News, 3/29, [redacted]; Flying Saucers, Summer issue, quoting Ventura Free-Press, 3/25. (Credit: [redacted] for Pasadena & L. A. clippings.)