There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

the place where the apparatus had landed the first time on Route D24. There in the presence of the police officers who, as I have said, were attentively watching and observing my experiment, I approximated my compass against the body frame of the "40CV" and was made aware of the amplitude of the deviation of the needle, approximately 3 degrees. And then I placed my compass to the right of the spot where the apparatus was supposed to have landed. The result was negative in relation to any trace of magnetic activity.
But, as 5 meters from this point, the signal poles had been (on the diagram) it made the needle of my compass skip approximately 5 centiulmeters, thus making a deviation of 15 degrees! Let us remember that the mass of the Renault had only made the needle skip 3 to 4 given degrees. I invited the corporal to conduct these same experiments, and the result was identical to those that I had conducted.
One instant later we then went up to the route that was followed by the apparatus in flight and to the right (approximately 100 meters) to the other signal pole where the apparatus had also passed. This pole (indicating to the Brigadier) is also magnetized and proved it by showing me the skip in the needle of the compass another time to 15 degrees. Thus, on the third pole that was situated in a direction towards the village of Vins-sur-Caramy at approximately 6 to 8 meters, the needle did not move at all on the compass.
This test was negative clearing showing that the other two poles were greatly magnetized, and this really amazed the policemen. The latter also reenacted the investigations that I had previously conducted on the apparatus poles and reached the very same results and, therefore, came to the same exact conclusions.
Then we moved to the small path where the aircraft had supposedly landed the seconds; there was no remaining magnetism on the ground. Thus, the irrigation vans (6.40 meters to one side) that was opened (in a dry state)