The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

However, if the image did contain a human face, I would describe and discuss the image without identifying or naming any humans in it.

OCR Text:

However, if the signal was coming from the Duncanville radar the displayed bearing would have been approximately 330 degrees in relation to the airplane course axis so that if the RB-47 were maneuvering at the time, this signal could not be useful to examine subsequent ALA-6 bearing measurements and compare them with the expected values of the Duncanville radar. All times/events are based on the pilot's report, unless otherwise noted.

At 10:352, McClure reported the S-band signal to be at a relative bearing of 65 degrees. From my calculations the B-47 flight path was passing in level flight through the bearing of 65 degrees.

At 10:382, the S-band signal bearing was approximately 40 degrees. The bearing to the Duncanville radar was previously reported as approximately 330 degrees.

At 10:392, the aircraft commander "sighted a huge light which he estimated to be 500,000 to 600,000 feet, weather permittly clear." Although the aircraft commander could not determine the exact size of object, it appeared much larger than a normal aircraft at 44,500 feet. (NOTE: This was the first visual sighting since 10:102, and did not occur until nine minutes after the last signal was recorded.)

At 10:402, McClure reported he then had two signals at relative bearings of approximately 70 to 75 degrees. These signals were changing in intensity and apparent bearing to the Duncanville radar. However, these two objects appeared at the same time with some red-color. (This does not seem consistent with a visual sighting of a single light.)

If the S-band signal was coming from a UFO, then the characteristics described in this report indicate two signals at two different bearing angles (from a single signal source), which would be consistent with the illustration of two signals at two different bearing angles, as shown in Fig. 5 of the ALA-6 Handbook of Operating Instructions. The handbook says "this indicates the received signal consists of two signals at two different bearing angles (from a single signal source)."

Shortly after 10:402, the RB-47 commander obtained permission from administration to deviate from the assigned training flight mission in order to close on the S-band signal to the heading of 320 degrees, putting it on a patch that would take the RB-47 closer to the Duncanville radar station (code name "Ranger"), requesting all assistance possible, in its UFO chase. At 10:412, only a single S-band signal was noted by McClure, having a bearing also from the RB-47 calculated flight path, indicating a return to the Duncanville radar.