GOSSAMER FALL HERAIDS SAUCER WAVE

In view of the good evidence in the preceding item that "gossamer" may properly be identified with angel hair - or, at least, may not properly be identified with spider web - it is significant that a typical gossamer fall occurred at Portales, New Mexico, on October 23-24, 1957. Levelland, Texas, the scene of UFO landings ten days later, is only 66 miles southeast of Portales - a remarkable coincidence, if it is a coincidence. (Alferd Moulton writes that the great European landing wave of late 1954 was likewise ushered in by angel-hair falls.) Our source for the details is the Portales News-Tribune, October 24, 25, 27:

The cobwebby strands, "apparently falling from a great height" and up to 50 feet long, began to fall west of Portales in the late afternoon of the 23rd, and by the next morning were drifting down on Portales itself. Characteristically, they fell in enormous quantities, "a lot heavier south of here than in Portales," all the way to Hobbs" (110 miles south of Portales). Most likely it was falling also at Levelland, which is closer to Portales than Hobbs is. It was found not to be radioactive. Apparently, not a soul had ever heard of gossamer falls, and an extraordinarily ridiculous theory was propounded by an anonymous "engineer" at the Sandia Base at Albuquerque, who declared that the threads were composed of "atmospheric dust" matted together in strands by a static electricity charge. This "explanation" was syndicated by AP all over the country. Eventually, however, someone was found who knew that gossamer is supposed to be spider web "Dr. William Kister, University of New Mexico biologist, advanced the spider-web explanation tentatively, without examining the material." The News-Tribune editors went to the library, found that the books said the same thing, and happily published a story (Oct. 27), with the flat heading, "Gossamer Shower Due to Spiders." The only corroboration: "Airmen at Cannon Air Force Base reported they found tiny spiders attached to the silken threads." (No one in Portales had noticed anything of the sort, and we doubt very much that this "report" is accurate.) The AP syndicated this explanation across the country, and ten days later, in precisely the same area, the November saucer-landing wave erupted.