There is no photograph present on this page.

Now, here is the OCR text extracted from the document:

---

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for October 26, 1957

265

ANIMAL PSYCHOLOGY

Worms Learn Best in Evening Hours

A WORM can be taught to turn in a special direction, but its learning ability is at its best in the evening hours. At least this was found true for one particular kind of earthworm, Lumbricus terrestris, Dr. Jack Ardit of the U. S. Army Leadership Human Research Unit, Fort Ord, Calif., reports in Science (Oct. 4).

The worm was taught by a system of reward for correct turning or punishment if it went the wrong way. When the worm turned the right way, it found its reward at the end of a path, a box covered with moist earth and moss in a baker covered with paper to make it dark. When it turned in the wrong direction it was punished by having to crawl over sandpaper and if it persisted in crawling the wrong way it received a mild electric shock.

If the worm failed to move at all, it was urged into action by a gentle tickling with a scientist's hair paintbrush. If that did not get it started, a flashlight was turned on and held shining just behind it.

The worm was considered to have "passed" on the course if it reached the moist earth without being shocked seven consecutive times.

The worms who did their lessons in the evening between 8 p.m. and midnight learned in an average of 32 tries. The morning class, between 8 a.m. and noon, required 45 tries.

Science News Letter, October 26, 1957

TECHNOLOGY

Radar Sets Can Be "Blinded" 

A COUNTER-MEASURE to radar detection--to "blind its eye"--has been discovered by a British firm. It offers the first possibility that radar warning defense can be defeated, whether the attack is made by bombers or guided missiles.

The new material includes foam rubber panels, rubber sheets bonded to brass and ceramics.

It is claimed that using the material provides new standards of navigational safety to aircraft and shipping by eliminating unwanted radar reflections. Successful tests have already been made on ships' funnels and airport buildings. The structures covered with the material become invisible to a radar beam.

The Plessy Company technicians, developers of the material, explain that the new material cuts the radar pulses off at a critical moment. Instead of bouncing back to the expectant receiver, they are absorbed by the 
Biochemist 
Secret of Aspirin's Action is Revealed

ASPIRIN, the most familiar drug in mankind's medicine chest, goes to work when the pituitary gland changes it into an oxidized compound known as gentisic acid, Prof. John E. Christian and Ross Crabtree of the Purdue University School of Pharmacy have found.

They also knew that gentisic acid has the same effect on aspirin, minus aspirin's toxicity. They also knew that when sensitive patients and others who take large doses of aspirin excrete more gentisic acid than normal people do. So they devised an experiment to discover whether gentisic acid in a breakdown product of aspirin and where this process takes place.

First they induced fever in rats by feeding them aspirin labeled with carbon-14 into the rats' pituitary gland, the body's "master gland," they found gentisic acid. It was labeled with carbon-14. In none of the other organs with a solution product of benzoic and salicylic acids, or aspirin. It is less toxic than aspirin because of the addition of a hydroxyl group.

The pituitary gland contains large amounts of Vitamin C, which is an oxidizing agent. Further, the pituitary gland is the control center in the posterior portion of the hypothalamus.

These findings have led the Purdue scientists to believe that a modified gentisic acid might possibly prove even more useful and safe than aspirin itself.

Science News Letter, October 26, 1957

PHYSICS

Magnetic Phenomenon Yields "Super Magnets"

EXPERIMENTAL magnets with "one track minds" promise to be the first real permanent magnets. They will resist having their magnetic alignment taken away by every new electric magnet puttern.

The new magnets are made by placing an oxide coating over very small particles of magnetic material such as cobalt metal. The particles, when soaked together at low temperatures in a strong magnetic field, form a very powerful magnet that cannot be degaussed by another magnetic field working against the first.

The new magnets exhibit the phenomenon of "exchange anisotropy," promising effects never before seen in permanent magnets. The use of this new magnet was discovered in the 40 years, and it came from discoverer of the giant magnetic substances, William H. Meiklejohn of the General Electric Research Laboratory, Schenectady, N.Y. Anisotropy is an effect in magnets that causes them to have the alignment of magnetization in the oxide of two metals particles, with the unaffered by magnetic fields.

At present, Mr. Meiklejohn is working on making materials which promise as anisotropic substances, and hopes that they will exhibit exchange anisotropy at room temperature or higher.

Science News Letter, October 26, 1957

SEISMOLOGY

Earthquakes Show Ocean Floor Differences

THE DISASTROUS earthquakes in Turkey last April have given scientists new knowledge of the result of the earth under the Mediterranean Sea, it is indicated in a report to Nature (Oct. 12).

The earthquake waves picked up on the seismograph at Kivu Livrio in the Belgian Congo show the structure of the sea bottom in different in sections found off Turkey from the south of Greece. D. I. C.I. Le Brasseur of the Institut pour la Recherche Scientifique en Afrique Centrale at Kivu Livrio reports.

Study of earthquake waves at sea in this region is urged by Dr. Le Brasseur. The exact nature of the differences observed could have important implications for our knowledge of the structure of the earth, he says.

Science News Letter, October 26, 1957

