The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document discussing UFO sightings and the Project Blue Book investigation.

Text from the document:

In early 1955, five books on "flying saucers" were published. To date approximately twenty have been published, and have received wide circulation among the public.

There are now six motion pictures in circulation having "flying saucers" as their theme. One motion picture which was released in May of this year, and which is still receiving considerable publicity was a recent Air Force training film on the subject. The main plot is centered around two colored film strips of so-called "flying saucers" which were supposedly submitted to the Air Force for examination, and consist primarily of moving spots of light against a dark sky. The conclusions drawn by the Air Force were that these objects were not authentic.

These conclusions were corroborated by an independent study made by the research organization of a very high standing.

With very few exceptions, both these self-appointed organizations and the books published have been highly critical of the Air Force, and show a desire to convey the impression that the Air Force has not been cooperative on this matter.

During the last five months, we have prepared detailed letters to several individuals and groups who have expressed such criticism in an attempt to clarify the position of the Air Force on this matter. Although these UFO organizations include some sincere, well-meaning members, a considerable portion of their discussions, claims, statements or exhibitions are other totally unacceptable or are met, at best, with skepticism.

UFO OPERATIONS

To give you a little better idea of the project, I would like to tell you how we operate. Letter 200-2 is the basis for our Operations - this letter states that the ATIC is responsible for all reports of unidentified flying objects and the Air Force unit is responsible for operating with the Air Defense Command in the investigation of these reports. All reports will be forwarded by wire then followed up within three days by a written AF Form 112. The AF Form 112 are not available the report can be made in letter form. This reporting requirement does not include the normal air activity reports made by air defense units.