The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
EGLIN AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA
IR-2-57
PAGE 3 OF 3 PAGES
(1) Description of Physical Objects:
(a) Observers sighted a very bright object. The object was approximately the size of a 50 cent piece when held at arm's length. It was described as being a bright aluminum color with little reflectivity.
(b) The observers were unable to determine the exact size, altitude, or distance of the object as it was too far away to be estimated. The object was also much too small to give a good estimate. 
(c) The object made no sound.
(d) The object showed no exhaust or trail.
(e) The object gave off a bright aluminum color with little reflectivity.
(2) (a) The observers were returning to Eglin Air Force Base during the lunch hour and noticed a metallic object in the sky. The object appeared to be stationary at first, but then began to move in a straight line to the left. 
(b) The first reaction was that it was a drag parachute. Then the object changed direction and the observers realized it was not a parachute. The object then increased in speed and appeared to be traveling at an estimated speed of over Mach 2 or 3. An anxious expression became apparent on the observers' faces as the object accelerated and disappeared.
(3) (a) Go degrees elevation, about 50 degrees azimuth.
(b) The object was described as a small speck in the sky, at first. As the object accelerated, it appeared to be the size of a dime or quarter and the observers lost sight of it after about three seconds.
(4) (a) Ground-visual.
(b) N/A
(c) N/A
(5) (a) 1300Z 15 April 1957.
(b) Eglin Air Force Base, Florida.
(6) (a) Civilian - Name Deleted, Civilian - Name Deleted, Port Walton Beach, Florida.
Address - Port Walton Beach, Florida.
Occupation - Police Department, Port Walton Beach, Florida.
(b) Civilian - Name Deleted, Eglin Air Force Base, Florida.
Occupation - Police Department, Eglin Air Force Base, Florida.