There are no photographs present on the page.

Here's the OCR-processed text from the document:

---
AUGUST-SEPTEMBER, 1957

finally leveled out and departed in horizon­tal flight. Mr. Matheson’s report does not indicate whether the smoke trails continued during this final phase. (He has been queried on this point.)

At NICAP's request, the Matheson case was personally investigated by Harold H. Fulton, head of the civilian Saucer Investi­gation New Zealand, who is also a member of the Committee. Mr. Fulton indicated that the “ROSA" was in the area where UFO's had long been seen before and during the “sighting period" by the rad­ars at WAKOP, though other recuros are not confirmed. Mr. Matheson's reputa­tion for accuracy and reliability. (In the Cressent said in his opinion the UFO was genuine.) Fulton also told NICAP another New Zealand report, now under investigation, which involves 13 new eyewitnesses who reported sighting a very similar object on August 2, 1957. One group of witnesses included three school teachers and 126 pupils at a nation. The reddoeped object, which left a distinct vapor trail, was described as flying through various intricate maneuvers, including a fi­gure-eight pattern. Although the UFO was described as a definite estimated at 500 feet, witnesses heard no sound.

Aside from the smoke-trail facter, the witness changes of cover bear a close resemblance to UFO maneuvers reported by Captain H. Ruppelt, Captaiw Edward Ruppelt.

(A New UFO Encounter Convincies A Liver Captain, Former Skeptic?)

NICAP will appreciate hearing from .anyone with authentic reports similar to the New Zealand smoke-trail case.

Because the the New Zealand report NICAP believes members may be interested in the accompanying picture supposed to have geen made of a smoke-trailing object over Peru in 1952, the photograph and extract from report are reproduced with the kind permission of James Moseley, saidator of SAUCER NEWS, So an dated August 10, 1957, Mr. Moseley gave NICAP the following account of the incident.

“The Lima (Peru) director Bord, who is an aeronautical engineer. On July 19, anonomarily from in the Andes of Olios and Minos, and others saw a saucer. It about 4 p.m., and they were converging said to move re-owntally. According Bord, the radio said that the (UFO) was ac­companied by hear object going by high signs and running at phenomenal speeds, THe object, as bibliography he stated (stealie) had accelerated to more than 100 meters altitude and was a little smaller than a DC-3, according to Bordt. It made a buzzing sound as it went by."

To the object’s speed, Bordley explains, was determined by a report that it was seen four minutes later  THEN MAR deipta 120 kilometers diatatnt. This was computed at 1117 miles per hour.

The photograph was secured from a customs administrator named Domingo Trencosco, who said he had taken it as the object flew near the port. Though has no shows a disparaged objek of the round large band described, this could possibly have been to an along-elated effect caused by speed.

“It seams obvious to me,” Mosley told NICAP, "that the phodn in genuine. Inci­dentially, (I strongly doubt) if this partic­ular saucer was anything but earth-made.”

Though NICAP has no reason to doubt tin phodin’s authenticity, we are unable to make an accurate analysis without the send nagotinve.

‘Three Men in Black"

Several members have asked NICAP about Charges by various UFO investigators they “have been silenced by three mysterious ‘men in black suits.” To these queries, Mrs. Regale Solinjg, a Fresno, California member, asks whether there has been 

Collision Rules Out in Case of Mon Blown From Airliner

 The disappearance of Sr. F. Bratsick, a retired Hollywood jeweler, though alone from the isde of Western Airlines plan has been listed due to internal causes. NICAP has investigated this incident, on Board findings how not been made for at press time. It has been listed that no external juices have been found the for reports haved cause speculation if action taken and some unknown object had not men gaping hole inside other push worth measuring the have been caught in them.

There was an led anything the follow an :

As regards the hole in the side of Western Airlines plane, the it is listing above 11 that shape of the transverse was done clearly by metal that out as a collision with an extremely hard object striking the plane from a nearly vertical angle.

“Even if the plane was pressurized 14 [More feet, there would be no damage such as this. When pressurization in collisions was searching airliner wind= effects, in which can be ties there was in winds It should bring the Air Force lets us know what is going on the hit to has been colloshtand Airliner Captain Milten Shilk Slid.

“I thought somebody ran into me," he told press. When no other aircraft was found to be involved, this statement ope-mixed to been at pilot Runcom service tied blown his plane.

Bratsick, who boarded the plane or Las Vegas, twinkled, had for mention in-instance policies holding $125,000. He was lost sen that the might the airliners’ with the washers. The accident in­these descriptions described as sounding like an explosion, occurred over the Mojave Desert when Brintsick’s body found.

From the CSd this evidence, amassed by the Civil Aeronautics Board and the FBI, there seems has rejected question suggestion the presence of UFO was in any way involved in this strange case

SHOW NICAP MAGAZINE TO YOUR LOCAL NEWSPAPER EDITOR

Cearbes of this magazine will be sent obtain supavenivs cations along with a press releases containing recent items. If your local instance appears on ether have them so our remembrance her

