There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OUTPUT TEXT:
could be approximately 20°.  Chase accelerated the RB-47 as the "object pulled ahead" [Pilots account] in an effort to close on it. [Chase's original Airborne Observer's account] The ALA-6 was a G.C.A. interrogator-radar set operated under Ground Control Approach which was more recent installation is located as a supplementary system to the ALA-6 for such purposes.

At 10:42:52, the ALA-6 once again showed TWO 5-band signals, with bearings of 320°. This the B-47 had now completely lost turn onto the new 320° bearing, the bearing to Duncanville would have been roughly 310° but the bearing could not be held with the rudder and throttle. Fifty seconds later at 10:43:02, the ALA-6 once again showed only a single 5-band signal, with a bearing that should have been roughly 10°. [The estimated bearing to Duncanville was actually 10°.]

At 10:44:02, the Duncanville radar station asked the RB-47 to turn on its radar transponder "III" for positive identification, then requested (crew to advise) position of object. [This seems to indicate the defense radar personnel should have been able to determine the aircraft's position, but they were not able to identify the object on their scopes.] The radar station was typically light traffic, considering the typically light traffic in the pre-dawn hours. The radar to identify the RB-47 from the pilot's estimated position and reported altitude.]

When the RB-47 commander reported he had observed no apparent visual contact of object as indicated by the radar station, he was immediately informed there was positive visual contact but no contact on the radar scope. Again, it almost suggests an inexperienced or inaccurate radar station crew.]

At approximately 10:50:02 pilots observed (to flight crew) a stop and make a turn. "Utah (radar)" reported they lost object from scope at this time, and felt they radar had lost target. If this confirmed RB-47 was no longer the illuminated by the vertical-scope, it is possible the ALA-6 was showing a new target. A crew lost its visual target will be discussed shortly.

The RB-47 commander, thinking he had overflown the UFO, began a turn to the left "shortly after passing between Dallas and Ft. Worth." This is probably the same time which the object disappeared from the Duncanville radar. The radar at Duncanville said it would again be illuminated by the vertical-center beam. [For coverage of the Duncanville radar so that it would again be illuminated by the vertical-center beam.]  

At the same time, "Utah (radar)" regained scope contact. This is believed to be an error in the Pilot's account according to extended correspondence with Pilot Chase, who is certain that the new visual contact was not confirmed by the radar.BECAUSE THE FLIGHT CREW COULD NOT LOOK IN THIS DIRECTION WITHOUT BEING DETECTED BY THEIR RADAR OPERATIONS ADVISED OF THEIR NEW UNIDENTIFIED RADAR TARGET, this is not indicated in the Pilot's account.