The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, describing an incident that occurred in the sky above a highway.

OCR text output:

above the level of the highway. We saw it shine in the sky at approximately a 45° angle towards the North-East approximately towards and without making a single sound. This all took place at approximately 11:15. The light started to fade. But approximately 15 minutes later it once again appeared high in the sky above the church (to the North-East). It seemed that as it flew away its brightness diminished. Soon we lost sight of it.

Towards the end of the observation, I went to the station behind the house to warn my colleague who was still on duty (Mr. X). He promptly joined us and observed the light taking flight.

We called the police in Albert and approximately a half-hour later they arrived. 
We accompanied them on the highway right to the place where we had seen the light and the beings.

There we all surprised upon encountering the presence on the highway of approximately 12 different sets of forms. These were all of different dimensions and widths and black as the casting of costly tar. This was divided along the periphery of a circular area of approximately 3 to 4 meters in diameter. The principal series set measured approximately 40 centimeters in diameter and had a width of 1 centimeter. This soft substance was slightly sinking to the ground and we were able to remove it by rolling it up into small pieces. It had no trace of circulation except that of the tire mark of an auto, that was most probably the auto that we had seen pass during the time we were observing the other phenomenon and I now refer to that auto that appeared approximately 10 minutes after the light disappeared.

The next few days, these traces were flattened, they also streaked and adhered to the ground and it was then impossible to remove any more of this substance.
This substance was not tar because it had a slight steel colour.

The five other witnesses, Mrs. X, Mr. X(Jr.), Mr. X, and Mr. X were all questioned individually and they all confirmed this report.

Examination of the sets of substance on the highway