The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
1. On 3 May 1957, F. B. WILDER, Deputy Sheriff in charge of criminal records, Lincoln Parish, Louisiana, informed the writer that no information concerning ROBERTSON.

2. On 3 May 1957, records made available by BETTY B. KENDALL, Clerk of City Court, contained no information concerning ROBERTSON.

AT RINGGOLD, LOUISIANA
3. Mrs. - Route 1, was interviewed by the writer on 3 May 1957. She related that a man had observed an unusual object in the sky in the early morning hours of 25 April 1957, but he had no other details. She informed the writer that her husband, who was not at home at the time of the sighting, had expressed no interest in it and was going out on the area and look around at the first opportunity but had not yet attempted a search. The writer took the witness' name and phone number and agreed to call if any further details developed. However, no additional information was obtained upon which the object was reported to have landed. A detailed search on foot was not considered practicable in that area.

4. On 3 May 1957, L. HIGH City Marshall, stated in interview that a man had reported seeing an unusual object early in the morning of 25 April 1957, but he had not recorded this person's name and had not investigated. He related that the person had not seen the object for more than 0130 hours the same night and associated the sighting with the exhaust flare of some aircraft. He informed the writer that this police had received no other reports of anything unusual being observed in that vicinity.

5. Work Unit Conservation Service, was interviewed by the writer on 3 May 1957; he displayed a large aerial photographic grid map of the location in which the sighting had been reported. He stated that the area in question was fairly remote and rugged, and there since 25 April 1957, but had not observed any unusual activity there. He stated that he would instruct personnel in his department to be on the lookout for anything unusual in this area. According to the map in his office, the area of trees in which the object was reported to have landed and was stated to be in a swamp. Louisiana, contained nothing that could be attributed to the reported sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED. On 6 May 1957, Major LOWELL D. FLAKE, Base Operations Officer, was furnished information contained in paragraphs 3 and 5, above. CAPT. PYLE stated that he had checked 2501-2 and found that the sighting could not be attributed to Air Force Operations.

REGRADED UNCLASSIFIED FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY