There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, containing text detailing a report about an incident on the Vista del Mar beach in California on November 6th, 1957.

The text in the document is as follows:

"SPACEMEN ON THE VISTA DEL MAR, CALIFORNIA, BEACH?

On November 6th, the Los Angeles Mirror-News printed an account of an incident said to have occurred along the beach at Vista del Mar, California. According to the report, one man who was driving to work at Santa Monica when his car broke down, had been similarly afflicted. This individual is said to have identified as being from Redondo Beach and as having seen an object "in a blue haze on the beach."

He described it "as a gold metal, can-shaped object in color, with two metal rings around it." He said this object was about 20 yards from him and that he saw two figures, dressed in green coveralls, standing beside it. According to the report, the witness said "They wanted to know where we were going, who we were, what time it was, and questions like that." He said, "Their skin seemed to be sort of yellowish-green in the early light, but they looked like earth-people to me. I thought they invited me to go close, but I couldn't understand too well and said I had to go to work."

Later the witness said that he had never seen "flying saucers" before "or anything like that."

Two days later Mr. Mirror-News columnist commented as follows: "It goes to show that, try as we may, some of these claims of 'close encounters' are bound to crop up. And may I say that I wish they'd come forward. Because, gentlemen, while I hate to admit it, I'm all shook up over the thing myself."

Meanwhile, West Coast OSI member Idabel Eppereon was busy checking, "because of the similarity of the name," the possibility of finding the witness. However, the OSI found only three little experiences behind the scenes in politics and have no illusions left as to why and means of discrediting people. I was delighted to hear from one "near-casualty" individual who was quoted and his comment was, "I will remain anonymous in this case, even if it means some sort of reprisals, because I shall not give the public who have not yet heard of me a chance to either applaud or condemn me. The same feeling, the same can scarcely see where this would be made notorious overnight to many people. You can scarcely see where this would be made notorious overnight to many people."

Mrs. Epperson attempted to locate the alleged two other witnesses. Checking "Redondo" and three first names, she began calling the numbers but simply asked for "Mr. ____." She was unsuccessful in Torrance. She began calling the names and simply asked for "Mrs. ____." None of the three said they had called and asked for her.

None of the Mrs. Epperson called were the witness she was looking for, but all three said they had received similar calls."