Unfortunately, there is no photograph present in the shared image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a text-based intelligence report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

The Inspector General USAF
34 District Office of Special Investigations
1012 S. George Street, Huntington, West Virginia
Mailing Address: P.O. Box 769

3DD 24-198

SPOT INTELLIGENCE REPORT

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object, 14th Avenue, Huntington, West Virginia at approximately 2:25 PM, 1 November 1957.

TO:
Commander 
Air Defense Command
Ent Air Force Base, Colorado Springs, Colorado

1. SYNOPSIS: Mrs. ______, interviewed 2 December 1957, stated that a strange object had caused her to look up. She stated an object about the size of an automobile appeared according to her to be two metallic hemispheres separated by a clear section. The object was traveling very rapidly at a high altitude. It made no sound and then a sound similar to a jet engine followed by a booming sound. The object continued on a straight course and disappeared vertically from her roof and was out of sight in about one minute. U.S. Weather Bureau, Huntington, West Virginia reported no unusual weather or celestial activity for that date.

2. DETAILS:
AT HUNTINGTON, WEST VIRGINIA
Mrs. R- R- G- CARPENTER, USAF Recruiting Station, states that on 29 November 1957, a Mrs. _____ informed him of an unusual airborne object near her residence on 1 November 1957.

B. On 2 December 1957, Mrs. ______, housewife and employed as a Supervisor, Traffic Department, Chesapeake and Potomac Telephone Company, Huntington, West Virginia, 22 years old, high school graduate, was interviewed. She stated she was at her home on 1 November 1957 and saw an unusual airborne object about 2:25 PM. She described it as two metallic hemispheres separated by a clear section which was rapidly traveling at a high altitude, making no sound and then a sound similar to a jet engine followed by a booming sound. The object continued on a straight course and disappeared vertically from her roof and was out of sight in about one minute.

(AFIN 100-16)