FOUR SAUCERS from Page 3

Radar sightings included was a statement by Mrs. Robert Beaudoin, wife of an AP captain stationed at the base. Just after midnight, Mrs. Beaudoin had telephoned the base to report what she described as a "brilliant, flashing red object" in the sky over Santa Rosa Valley.

In checking the CAA radar observations, Operator 1 found that the UFO seen by Mrs. Beaudoin and other witnesses was one of the four they had tracked.

"This sighting," he concludes, "was in the same time as our radar sightings — 11:50 pm to midnight."

Significantly after NICAP's receipt of this radar report, a letter signed by the Director was sent to Colossal Press, competing copies of the Oxnard AFB radar report and the report by the jet pilot. On May 4, NICAP received a reply letter, adjusted of their "at 1st-Lieut. (Capt. at Oxnard, which stated that "the UFO's in question" came investigated by Headquarters, AFSS Air Intelligence Service Squadron (data suppressed), which had headquartered at Edwards AFB, California. Stamps new investigative teams at all Air Defense bases. The team which investigated the Oxnard sightings came from Norton AFB, California).

A NICAP letter to the 46024, or Edwards AFB, brought an official answer signed by Major John D. Taylor, Jr., Adjutant.

ALLEGED PUBLIC RELEASE

Current Air Force policy," letter started, "is that the issuance of such information as you request can be made only by Headquarters, United States Air Force. Therefore, your letter to the Commander, 414th Fighter Group was forwarded, through channels, to Headquarters, USAF. Your letter of 8 May 1957 (a direct request to 46024 for the reports) will also be forwarded to Headquarters, USAF."

After waiting eight days for word from the Pentagon, NICAP telegraphed a new request to Maj. Gen. Joe W. Kelly, Director of Legislative Liaison, USAF, who for several years has been

the Secretary's official spokesman on UFO subjects (Copy of related and detailed request shown elsewhere in this issue).

In a letter to Representative Lee Metcalf, of Montana, General Kelly had insisted that UFO reports were not withheld from the press, and that information was supplied to the press on any sighting which had drawn additional attention.

Since the Oxnard AFB sighting had been covered by press-wire stories, in hundreds of newspapers, this obviously came under General Kelly's policy declaration to Congressman Metcalf. To conform to this Air Force policy, the NICAP request was made by the Director, who is also Editor of the UFO, INVESTIGATOR.

To date, NICAP has received no answer to its two letters or the telegram to General Kelly. (A public attack on NICAP was made by an unnambed Air Force spokesman; these days after he wired to General Kelly, but third-only knew up only it coincidence, but it did seem that General Kelly had involved in the circumstances which is described in full, in the March 15 issue of the UFO).

Because of the obvious importance of the March 23 sightings, and the close flying of receiving the 46024 Intelligence Squadron's investigation report, NICAP believes that its members should be acquainted with all the facts including the names of several witnesses who apparently have been silenced.

For details of the Pasadena and San Gabriel Valley reports, NICAP is indebted to Runn Lenbergeacrd, columnist of the Pasadena Independent, who personally investigated the incidents, and also to Lee Pitt, aviation writer of the Los Angeles Mirror-News. M. Pitt obtained additional information from a Ground Observer Corps identification expert, Lee Wagner, who has served as a volunteer with the Pasadena Air Filter Center for six years.

The first sighting on the night of March 23, as at least the first one listed, came from K. E. Jefferson, a Pasadena resident. At 9:55, M. Jefferson saw a brilliant, flashing object

Continued on Page 29