The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document. There is no visible photograph or image, only a written report.

Text from the document:

No-- he said it was a yellow and shaped like a cigar and sooner or later this thing went right but it wasn't shaped like a cigar, it was round and shaped like a ball or an egg and was this bright orange color. I meant it was light and it was shining but it wasn't shining on the ground or anything shiny like the spotlights, it was just like a light bulb in the sky. You could see it was several miles away. It was just like looking at a light bulb, a sort of yellowish white light. You could see it was far away. It wasn't very close and i don't think it was very high up in the sky around it is bright but it doesn't make the sky light. The sky around it is bright but it doesn't make the sky light. The moon was behind the clouds, I know, and the moon was behind the clouds. This thing didn't make any noise, I didn't hear any noise at all. It was just sitting there. The moon would be in front of me and even if it was behind my back it would be there because the moon would be up there. I didn't see the moon at all. After it was gone, then the moon came out and went down there and stood there and went down. I didn't see it come; I looked up and it wasn't there, I didn't see it come. It just appeared there and it disappeared just as quick. I didn't even notice any movement while it was there. I didn't see any sound. Didn't move while it was there. It just ran and when it came back it wasn't there. I was looking out there but it wasn't round. It didn't do anything, it didn't move, it just stayed there. It was the same color and it was there. It didn't do anything, it didn't move. It was just a light, like if you painted a spotlight on the wall. I looked like a polished metal is spotlighted. I mean it was color and it was there. It didn't do anything, it didn't move, except it was shiny. I looked like a polished metal is spotlighted. I mean it was color and it was there. It didn't do anything, it didn't move, except it was shiny.