No photograph is present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. 

DEPARTMENT OF AIR SCIENCE
AFROTC DETACHMENT No. 620
BOWLING GREEN STATE UNIVERSITY
BOWLING GREEN, OHIO

11 November 1957

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects Reporting

TO: Commander
Air Defense Command
Ent Air Force Base
Colorado Springs, Colorado

1. In accordance with AFR 200-2, the following report is submitted by an Air Science Cadet at this detachment:

"On 7 November 1957 at 5:45 P.M. I Cadet left the city of Bowling Green, Ohio and proceeded on Route 6 headed for Clyde, Ohio. As I approached the first 90 degree curve on Route 6, about five miles from Bowling Green, I was observing the horizon and noticed something directly ahead. Immediately upon coming out of the curve, I spotted what appeared to be an object, bright silver and round in shape, approximately 35 degrees with the horizon. The object was white and as it moved upward at an angle of about 45 degrees, it turned to a brilliant silvery-white color. As it continued on its way around the next curve, I went straight ahead and stopped my car at a drop sign and proceeded to watch this object. It was dusk outside and the approximate time was about 6:00 P.M.

When I first approached the object, which I estimated to be about 1,000 feet in height, it was white and as it made an arc slightly to the south, it became a brilliant silvery-white in color. Then as it moved further south, the light became broader and more defined. The light coming from the object was much brighter than the sun and it seemed to be similar to that of a lightning flash except that it lasted for a definite period of time. There seemed to be no definite time interval between flashes of light and there appeared to be no definite time between flashes. At times the interval between flashes were longer than before.

I then turned my car around and drove to the Golden Lily, a gasoline station and bar combined, which is located just off the side of the road adjacent to where I had asked a couple of fellows if they wanted to see something interesting. The time of this was approximately 6:10 P.M. Two of them rode back to the spot with me and watched the object until it was out of sight. After charting my position on a map, I concluded that the object did not have any brilliant red flashing lights, nor trail, nor exhaust that could be seen, just a brilliant, red flashing light.

I then continued on my way towards Clyde, Ohio on Route 6, about two miles west of Rollersville. I noticed another brilliant red flashing light, the same kind as before. I was directly east and sighted the object out of my right rear view mirror."