There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page of text from an old UFO report document, which appears to be part of Project Blue Book.

Proceeding to act as an OCR system to extract the text from the document:

Arian Passage was at 0137c, but nothing unusual was reported. The airliner was then designated "unrepntrted."
As previously stated.
The air traffic controller radar was, however, inoperative at the time. and the visual observation was lost as the airliner passed from his night radar observation,
As for the investigators, no radar evidence or physical evidence of any kind was located during the investigation.
The evidence of the radarman's report indicating the passage of some unidentified object was inconclusive. No confirmation by any other source could be obtained, and it is felt that the radarman's report was inaccurate or mistaken. Consequently, the case was classified as "unidentified."
External examination of the bodies was made, carefully noting all exterior injuries, etc. No evidence of any irregular entry was found. There was no evidence of any damage to the airliner after the airliner had crashed. This evidence of an irregular explosion in the air was lacking.
The fact that no 15-minute transmission was received, however, indicated the presence of sodium sulfite in the flash, a violent reaction being apparent, and the condition of the bodies indicating that they were dead before the airliner crashed. A small amount of radio-activity marking was also on board the airliner.
The final conclusion was equivocal. No evidence of a second aircraft was validated with two high frequency radio transmitting systems equipped with SPECIAL Radio equipment indicating the need for continuous pilot monitoring. No radar confirmation could be obtained, and it is felt that the radarman's report was inaccurate or mistaken. Finally, doubt was cast on why impact damage wasn't at least one of the airliners transmitters -- or SIGNALSused that could possibly have happened to prevent the pilot's first critical communication. The airliner was 20 miles off course, for a reason unknown. The airliner could never have landed if their condition had occurred during the mission!