There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO OBSERVERS INSTRUCTION SHEET

1. GENERAL:
a. The diagram represents all of the sky normally visible to the observer. It is designed to show a three-dimensional view of the area centered around the observer at the time of the sighting.
b. The position of any object in the sky can be described by giving its elevation or angle along the horizon, eastward from north.

(1) ELEVATION:
(a) Elevation is 0 degrees for an object on the horizon, and 90 degrees for the point directly over the observer (zenith). Thus, an object half-way up from the horizon to the zenith has an elevation of 45 degrees.
(b) Bearing (or "azimuth") is the angle along the horizon, starting from north and moving clockwise eastward. Thus, an object directly toward the east, with its elevation above the horizon, has a bearing of 90 degrees. An object in the south has a bearing of 180 degrees and so on. North is, of course, zero.

EXAMPLE: An object is seen in the northeast and one-third way up from horizon to overhead. Thus, the object has a bearing of 45 degrees and an elevation of 30 degrees.

2. PLOTTING THE COURSE OF AN OBJECT ON THE SKY DIAGRAM:
a. The path of an object across the sky can be shown completely on this diagram simply by connecting with a curved or straight line the various positions of the object successively occupied. To aid visualization, the path on the western side of the sky is represented by broken lines; the eastern side is shown by solid lines.
b. The diagram can be made a more effective investigative and analytical tool by making the lines (showing the path of the object) thicker or thinner to indicate any variations in the brightness of the object observed. This is especially valuable because the object may start as a very bright source and then gradually fades, or it may appear intermittently or become brighter and then gradually fades. It can be represented by a line becoming increasingly thicker and thinner.
c. Use of colored pencils is especially recommended if the object changes color or hue during the sighting.

ATIC FORM 14(a)
(25 JUL 56)