There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book special UFO report.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK SPECIAL UFO REPORT:
At this point in the briefing, a number of you probably may feel that we are strangely anti-US or that our findings were not scientific, objective or conclusive. To assure both ourselves and the United States who we have sworn to protect, we undertook another step towards this end-
In May of 1952, a large-scale or distinguished scientists, under the membership of Project White Stork, produced a very extensive study, the Project Blue Book Report Nr. 14, entitled "Analysis of Reports of Unidentified Aerial Objects". This report, representative of the best scientific minds of our country, concluded that the reported objects do not represent technological developments or principles outside the range of our present day scientific knowledge.
The conclusions of this study were covered in a press conference held on October 12, 1955, and the report was declassified by the Secretary of the Air Force, and published a few days later.
The conclusions of this study which covered almost 5 years of UFO sightings, were that:
(1) There is a total lack of evidence that these unknowns were inimical or hostile
(2) There is a total lack of evidence that these unknowns were interphenomenal space ships
(3) There is a total lack of evidence that these unknowns represented technological developments outside the range of our present-day scientific knowledge.
(4) There is a total lack of evidence that these unknowns were threat to the security.
Further, there was a total lack of any physical or material evidence - these so-called "flying saucers" was ever found. As emphasized in the detailed look report, if a material object had been obtained, the problem would have been at least on the way toward a technological identification. Since no physical evidence has been obtained on the "unknowns" -- these, too, would have been obvious.
In conclusion, I should like to emphasize that regardless how low the percentages of "Unidentified" may reach, we must in good conscience maintain our investigative and analytical procedures; and regardless how adopt we may become in explaining UFOS, we must, in the future, investigate and analyze every reported incident. Even if a "proof" of their identity should accidentally take place in the future. That is our part of our Air Force mission.
Thank you.
(At this point - "Playbook" - Special Reports Dr. 14, will be passed among the class for group discussion.)