PAGE 33

FOUR SUCCESS from Page 29

"...admitted they had received a number of civilian reports on the UFO. "They came from Los Angeles, Ventura, and eventually the Oxnard area," he told Laudsbrandt.

"Were you able to identify the objects?" the columnist asked Major Bowers.

"Negative," Bowers answered. "We were not able to pick up the object on radar. No Air Force personnel saw the object (This contradicts the report by T/Sgt. Dewey Crow)."

He added that a full report of the sighting was being sent to ATIC. "I believe the Technical Intelligence people are working out of Wright-Patterson," he added.

Major Bowers' failure to mention the swift on-the-spot investigation by a 4502d team from his own base may prove not insignificance, since the Oxnard AFB adjutant did not hasten to inform NICAP of this fact.

Save except for this official admission sent to NICAP and the subsequent confirmation sent to NICAP by the 4502d Headquarters, no other official information has been released. Since the possible witnesses named have either refused to answer questions or their responses have been long delayed.

On April 25, NICAP wrote to Mrs. Benudulin and asked for detailed information on the sighting. To date, there has been no reply.

AF Silences Sheriff's Men

On the same date, NICAP also wrote to the Sheriff of Ventura County, California, and requested that the three deputies named: McKendry, Murphy and Carnshaw, be permitted to forward all possible details and also their personal opinions on their sighting. On May 15, NICAP received a reply from Sheriff William J. Suytar, stating that all the information they had on this sighting was turned over to the officials at Oxnard Air Force Base. It was evident, that he had been ordered to neither furnish the reports NICAP had requested, nor permit his men to be interviewed by a NICAP representative in Ventura.

"We would be most happy," Sheriff

"No cooperate in the Suytar told NICAP "is available for having these official July authorized Interview by any military officer." "We him say" Once the Air Force gave in order, neither an admiral, the Navy, an Army general, not even a high-ranking Air Force officer can Interview the deputies without approval by AF Intelligence.

From the foregoing evidence it appears that highly important facts about the March 23 California sightings are being withheld from the public.

This case is still being investigated by NICAP, but a complete analysis by NICAP's Special Advisers is not possible without the report of the 4502 Intelligence Squadron, now at Air Force Headquarters.

Pending AF action on NICAP's request for this report, under the policy stated by General Kelley, known in the United States with authentic information or personal knowledge of the facts is requested to send a report to NICAP. Insomuch his would be an actual stalement of military activity through UFO-report forms will be used by network, and persons will be kept confidential if requested. When additional written information is received, whether on the actual sightings or on the Air Force Investigation, this will be given to Congress, and the press, either by special bulletin or through the UFO INVESTIGATOR.