The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report titled "'Ball Of Fire' - Or Something - Over Dayton" dated October 8, 1957.

OCR Text Output:

"OCTOBER 8, 1957

"Ball Of Fire" - Or Something - Over Dayton

Area-wide reports full of mystery came in from south of Dayton, O., late yesterday as a brilliant light was sighted over the city. At first it seemed as though it might have been a crash of some sort, but there was no explosion and no sounds were heard.

An Air Force spokesman said the "big, brilliant light" was observed in Dayton and a few other Ohio communities by a number of residents. He said the Air Force was unable to give any explanation for the light other than to explain that the Vandalia weather station had reported "unusual weather conditions" which could have something to do with its appearance.

Leonard H. Stringfield, director of civilian defense here, said the Air Force had told him a few days ago that "they have been alerted to watch for unusual sightings." Stringfield said the Air Force had advised Ohio civilian defense directors that "they will need help from the public in reporting such sightings."

Stringfield, who rushed out to see the light, said he was standing near Vandalia when he saw something which "might have been a crashed or crashing plane, but which seemed too high." The light, he said, seemed to be directly over Vandalia near the West Third bridge.

The Oakwood, O., police station reported a brilliant light in the sky a little after 7 p.m. The light was described as round and white, very bright, and slightly smaller than the full moon.

Mrs. Ralph Anthony, who lives near West Carrollton, said she saw a strange object in the sky which seemed to her to "have wings and tail like a plane, but larger and much brighter than any aircraft I've ever seen."

"It was traveling at tremendous speed," she said. "I first thought it might be a jet, but it seemed to be going in an odd direction, not like a jet plane at all."

S. 23 p.m. - Wilbur Kauffman, a Trotwood, O., resident, told reporters he observed a bright object streaking through the sky above the horizon at about 8:23 p.m. "It appeared to be a large metallic or glassy object," he said, "and as it passed overhead it gave off a bluish-green flash of light."

"The light was visible for about 3 or 4 seconds and then it disappeared from sight," he added. "I was amazed at the speed of the object and the way it maneuvered."

Kauffman said the object appeared to be traveling in a northwest direction."