The image appears to contain a newspaper clipping or article about a reported UFO sighting in Montville, Gosaga County. The article describes the sighting by a local man and the investigation by Washington officials. There is no photograph visible in this image.

Transcription of the text:

Montville 'UFO' Tops Bump
Gosaga County Man Reportedly Talked to Washington Officials
by DAVID VORMELKER

Oden Moore, the Gosaga County man who reported sighting a strange light in the sky near Montville the night of Nov. 8, has just revealed a strange experience he had after his original report.

Moore said he was visited Friday evening by two men who questioned him closely about his observations. He won't say where the visitors were from, but he indicated they were from some government agency.

"They asked me too much," Moore said yesterday. "I won't say anything more."

The report of a strange light in the sky over Montville caused quite a stir. Civil Defense officials said they had no information on it, and the Air Force said it had no planes in the area at the time. Montville residents said the light was brighter than a star, and seemed to hover for several minutes.

Moore, a farmer, said he first spotted the light about 7 p.m. last Saturday. He watched it for 10 to 15 minutes, he said, before it suddenly disappeared.

"It was in the east, and bigger than a star," Moore said. "It kept getting brighter, then dimmer, and then it just disappeared." He said the light did not move, but remained stationary.

After the light disappeared, Moore said he returned to his farmhouse and found two men there who said they represented the Air Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base near Dayton, Ohio.

"They asked me a lot of questions - too many, I think," Moore said. "They wanted to know exactly what I saw, how long I saw it, and in what direction. They seemed very interested.

"They were very secretive about themselves. They wouldn't say who they were or where they were from. I asked them, but they just smiled and said, 'You know.'"

Moore said the men stayed about an hour, and left without telling him where they were going. He said they acted as if they were in a hurry.

Moore's story has caused quite a bit of speculation in the Montville area. Some residents feel the light may have been a "flying saucer," but others doubt it. Civil Defense officials and Air Force spokesmen said they had no further information on the incident.