The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a historic U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

Here is the text from the document:

Severna Park, Md.
20 September 1957

COMMANDANT 4151 AIRBASE WING
ATTENTION: 2D Lt. ANDREWS
ANDREWS AIR FORCE BASE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

SUBJECT: Sighting of two unidentified flying objects in sky on 14 August 1957, at 7:53 p.m. (Daylight Saving Time) from Severna Park, Maryland.

As a minister I am accustomed to believing on evidence. I consider sufficient the reasons given in this letter to conclude that I actually saw two unidentified flying objects at 7:53 p.m., Daylight Saving Time, on 14 August 1957, from Severna Park, Maryland.

I was facing west and my two companions were facing south when we first observed the objects. They appeared to be a bright light high in the sky, like two small stars close together. We watched them for several minutes as they maintained their position, stationary, and then one of them started to move slowly to the left. After moving a short distance, it returned to its original position. This movement was repeated several times by the one object, while the other remained stationary. As they disappeared behind some trees, the moving object changed course slightly and descended below the horizon.

There was no sound that we could hear, and no vapor trail was visible. The objects appeared to be self-luminous, but not of the intensity of a star. They were larger than stars and were not twinkling. In the clear sky of that August evening they stood out distinctly.

I have never before seen flying objects that behaved in this manner, and I am at a loss to account for what we observed. I am sure it was not an airplane, nor any other known aircraft. I have no reason to doubt the trustworthiness of my companions, who are members of my church and community, and the members of Baltimore County, Maryland. I am 45 years old, and a minister in the Methodist Church. I am married and the father of three children.

Respectfully submitted,
[Signature Redacted]
Minister, Methodist Church