There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

You can check meteors by looking for accounts of them in the newspaper, or consulting local astronomers. This next slide, through the courtesy of our friend Walt Disney, emphasizes the number of meteors hitting our atmosphere every day.

(Slide 15 - Target Earth)

Radar Sightings:
24 hours a day, 7 days a week, the radar that is operating as part of the vast majority of the radar that is in operation ever since WWII continues to operate. Radar stations throughout the country provide information of reports of unidentified flying objects. ATC uses a well designed radar system.

Although relatively new as a cause of UFO sightings, we are aware of the fact that under certain conditions and interference between two radars can cause weird effects. Our problem with determining methods of identifying these causes of certain effects and even being able to predict when these effects may cease to exist.

When reporting a radar sighting, the exact weather data are extremely important, such as temperature, pressure and moisture vs. Altitude should always be reported.

Radar Scope Photos:
A large number of ATC radar stations are equipped with special radar scope cameras. ATC regulation 260-2 authorizes the use of these cameras for photographing unusual phenomena appearing on the radar scopes. These scope photos are an absolute necessity for the accurate evaluation of reports involving radar.

(Slide 14 thru 21 - Examples of radar scope returns)

Other Causes of Reports:
Naturally balloons, aircraft and astronomical bodies do not account for all the sightings. There is a similarity in the characteristics of other things, such as ducks and geese flying over drive-in theaters at night, searchlights on clouds forming patterns, flocks of birds, reflections from windshields of cars, etc. These are very difficult to check and very frequently cause reports. These are normally gone by the time a check is made, for example, sometimes boats on a certain western city are somewhat disturbed by glowing objects that slow over the city until daylight when it was determined that they were investigations, interviews and scientific study of the case showed that it was just the reflection of the sun on the surface of the lake, indirectly after considerable investigations, we will have to conclude a case like this and file it. Both mentally and physically when we come across a similar report, we will go back and make a comparative analysis.