There does not appear to be any photograph or image in the provided document. The document appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report discussing various types of unidentified flying objects and radar sightings. I will proceed to extract the text from the document as requested:

This variety of shapes is an indication of individual reaction to what may have been familiar or unconventional objects seen under unusual conditions, or created in the mind of the observer by his physiological limitations and psychological responses. Fatigue, unusual weather conditions, and such states of awareness, accompanying high altitudes could induce such manifestations.

One report of an unidentified flying object stated that it was yellow-white in color and was pulsating or giving off light. This phenomena could have been an actual aircraft reflecting light from some source within or on the aircraft, and glowing from an unusual play of moonlight or starlight on metal parts.

A disk-like object, with illuminated portholes, could be a conventional aircraft distorted in shape and tripped of wings by a temperature inversion mirage, uneven refraction of light through a density discontinuity in the atmosphere, and convergence of surface visual and internal illumination.

Transparent, cigar-shaped objects, illuminated from the inside and emitting an exhaust, could be jet aircraft at high altitudes where they appear smaller. The mirage effect of a temperature inversion could cause the apparent illumination and transparency.

Saucer-shaped objects which hover and maneuver erratically, could be the planets Venus or Mars seen near the horizon at certain times of the year. When objects are viewed through haze or mist, the limitations of the human eye can produce what appear to be a hovering or erratic movement.

Propeller-shaped objects could be conventional or glider-type aircraft, distorted in shape by mirage effects caused by a temperature inversion.

RADAR SIGHTINGS
Radar sightings of flying objects frequently may be explained as ground targets reflected by temperature inversions in the lower atmosphere, or as radar echoes of all of which are variable and which are not all due to solid objects which are recognizable. Moving objects, such as aircraft and birds, normally can be identified by the size of the radar blip and the speed and type of movement measured by the radar set. The radar operator should be able to determine whether the responses noted on his scope are real, or are caused by the weather or other phenomena. A blurred effect on the radar screen may indicate a moving weather disturbance, whereas a solid target, such as an aircraft, will be sharply defined.