The image does not contain any photographs. The text appears to be a typed report or document from Project Blue Book, describing an investigation into a UFO sighting in Vins, France in 1957.

Transcription of the text:

Not being able to accompany me to Vins, the officer gave me a letter of introduction for a Mr. Ventre that is the head officer in Vins. Arriving at approximately 3:00 in the village (at 9 kilometers to the north east of Brignoles) were we not able to get in touch with Mr. Ventre. I then went out in search of the witnesses and began to ask questions of the villagers. All of my questions were in vain as they had no new of anything! They did not know (or did not want to say) where the latter could be found. After a few minutes in the village, the news of our arrival made itself known, and the others only regarded us with suspicion. In other words already irritated by the press, radio, and television, and after 40 hours, the witnesses had gone in hiding in a near hill. Mr. ______ was working that day in a bauxite mine and, therefore, did not have any reason to also "go into hiding."

During our "search" of the witnesses, a front wheel drive Citroen automobile stopped in the village square. The warrant officer (or comparable rank) of the Brignoles Police Station, followed by another corporal and another policemen stepped down from the automobile and made their way towards me... to come and supervise my investigation.

At the very first, the Corporal premptorily declared that the apparatus in question "teleguide" most likely came from the Isle of Levant. I contested this affirmation explaining to him that no country or nation had an aircraft that could move in absolute silence! I also explained to the Corporal that if the signal poles could vibrate with such an amount of noise near the apparatus, this probably indicated that they had been taken into the general magnetic field of the propellers. General scepticism, I then offered to go and investigate the place that this occurred to see if there were any magnetic traces remaining.

Sceptical but intrigued my interlocutors agreed.

Our "4CV" followed their front wheel drive Citroen, and we arrived at 4