The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is an old UFO document.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

22 June 1957

Dear Dr. __________,

Reference is made to your letter dated 12 June 1957 concerning a report from a weather unit stationed at Edwards Air Force Base, California.

My initial comments are that while I understand that this individual has made what he considers to be a significant and worthwhile observation, it is nevertheless my feeling that in the absence of any tangible evidence or documentation to support his allegations, his recourse to official files, reports and findings is premature and such matters are more appropriately directed to other agencies.

It is my attempt to meet the individual demands of the hundreds who periodically make similar unsolicited reports, that I must emphasize the constant interference with the Air Force's normal mission, and the disproportionate expenditure of time and resources required to investigate each case, which invariably proves to be without substance. My correspondence is withheld in an effort to avoid raising false hopes or expectations on the part of our citizens.

If you consider this report to be of sufficient importance, I would be pleased to have it informally reviewed by technical personnel who are experienced in the analysis of such reports. However, I would suggest that the individual be informed of the following:

1. The object reported by the observer is not considered to be other than a thermal inversion or a meteorological condition which is commonly misinterpreted as some unusual aerial phenomenon.

2. Unless substantiated by an independent report which discloses significant details beyond the observer's personal estimates as to size, speed, altitude, etc., this report cannot be considered as evidence of any unusual or unidentified aerial object.

3. There is no record in official files of any recovery of unusual objects or materials from the area of the observer's location.

Should the individual wish to submit any further evidence or documentation, I would be pleased to have it reviewed and an appropriate reply forwarded to you.

Sincerely yours,

[signature]