The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be text from a Project Blue Book report, describing a Pan-Am pilot's sighting of a UFO on radar during a flight from Nassau to New York on March 22, 1957. The text provides a detailed account of the pilot's observations, including the object's appearance, movement, and behavior as observed through the plane's radar and visual sighting.

PAN-AM PILOT TRACKS UFO ON RADAR:
March 22, 1957: Piloting Pan American flight #206A from Nassau to New York, Captain William Neff will be remembered as one of the pilots involved in the Van Winkle sighting of March 8, 1957) and two of his crew watched a UFO both visually and on radar as they were returning to New York, southeast of their plane. At about 7:30 p.m. their position was 74 20' north, 72 35' west, some 900 miles southeast of their position when Captain Van Winkle sighted the object on March 8th. 

Captain Neff, "When we picked up the target on our radar it showed up about 15,000 feet higher than we were, and as it approached us it seemed to descend to about 10,000 feet above us. At that time it was not visible to the eye, but the radar showed it plainly. Then it steadied down off to the right of our plane and held a steady course about 10 miles away. The target was erratic in movement, sometimes hovering, sometimes speeding up. We notified the CAA and Eastern Air Lines control centers about the object." First Officer George Jacobson was navigating, and saw the object first. Brodahl writes:

"About 50 miles east of Florida we saw a strange object it seemed to be a bright shining light. The co-pilot, engineer and myself saw a very bright white light. It seemed to be stationary to the point where it would be about three or four times as strong as Venus rising and would then subside. This happened three or four times. We called up on the intercom to the captain 'I don't know if you can see it from there, but we see a very bright light out there. It's hard to be sure, but it appears to be stationary.'"

Using the cursor on the radar, "I checked the angle of sighting and it checked with the light we were observing." Sure enough, the radar showed a target at that exact spot.

"The light appeared to be stationary (on the scope), or moving in a northeast direction (same as us). We watched the light visually for about four minutes, and on radar for twenty minutes. Neither the light nor the blip on the radar moved far from the blip. The scope was turned to a 50-mile range. What impressed Captain Brodahl most was the intensity of the light in 423 bright phases. After perhaps four cycles of brightening and dimming, the light faded out slowly and completely. Captain Brodahl did not alter the passengers, and apparently no one in the cabin of the plane saw it."