The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing the analysis of a UFO sighting in Lins, Brazil.

POST SCRIPTUM TO THE CAPTURED UFO ENTRY: The strange thing fallen from the sky in Lins, Brazil, mentioned on page 5, is now being examined by Instituto de Pesquisas da Marinha (Institute for Marine Research). The material retrieved seems to be made of a special alloy, according to the specialists. The counter instruments attached to the sample indicate that two types of radiation, one high and one low, were present, possibly because if it had, some of the natural radioactivity would be present in the rocks. Another explanation is that this could have been caused by any unusual or nuclear process, because it was found that the material collected has quite unusual properties.

UFO CAPTURED BY BRAZILIAN AUTHORITIES. RESULT OF ANALYSIS: The rapidity of the reactions to the loud sounds and the visual observation of the "Flying Saucer" No.9 (anglos 54-6). The analysis was made by the chemist Paul Philip, who wrote the following statement:

"The sample presents a cluster of black filaments. Submitted to calcination, the material decreases 50% in weight. The chemical analysis revealed that it contains essentially constituted by 95% silicon dioxide (This indicates that the carbonic matter was eliminated by calcination, and some complementary others allow us to conclude that the filaments are constituted by fiberglass coated by some carbonic matter originated by incomplete combustion of an organic substance. The results waiting can be said about the nature of the organic matter that was in?"

POST SCRIPTUM TO THE CAPTURED UFO ENTRY:
The strange thing fallen from the sky in Lins, Brazil, mentioned on page 5, is now being examined by Instituto de Pesquisas da Marinha (Institute for Marine Research). The material retrieved seems to be made of a special alloy, according to the specialists. The counter instruments attached to the sample indicate that two types of radiation, one high and one low, were present, possibly because if it had, some of the natural radioactivity would be present in the rocks. Another explanation is that this could have been caused by any unusual or nuclear process, because it was found that the material collected has quite unusual properties.

UFO CAPTURED BY BRAZILIAN AUTHORITIES. RESULT OF ANALYSIS:
The rapidity of the reactions to the loud sounds and the visual observation of the "Flying Saucer" No.9 (anglos 54-6). The analysis was made by the chemist Paul Philip, who wrote the following statement:
"The sample presents a cluster of black filaments. Submitted to calcination, the material decreases 50% in weight. The chemical analysis revealed that it contains essentially constituted by 95% silicon dioxide (This indicates that the carbonic matter was eliminated by calcination, and some complementary others allow us to conclude that the filaments are constituted by fiberglass coated by some carbonic matter originated by incomplete combustion of an organic substance. The results waiting can be said about the nature of the organic matter that was in?"