There doesn't appear to be any photographs on the page.

Here is the text extracted via OCR:

---

SCHMIDT: Yes.
LARSON: And what language were they using?
SCHMIDT: They were talking in high German, as much as I could tell—that machine was about a hundred feet long, as I’ve said, and they were talking high German every time I could hear them.
LARSON: Are you qualified to know high German, Mr. Schmidt?
SCHMIDT: Yes.
LARSON: And they didn’t appear to be interested in you personally, after you said Hello?
SCHMIDT: No.
LARSON: And now you were in the object about how long, Mr. Schmidt?
SCHMIDT: I would say about 30 minutes.
LARSON: What did you do while you were in there?
SCHMIDT: I was just talking to this man, although he didn’t explain anything to me.
LARSON: You asked him questions?
SCHMIDT: Yes, I asked him some more about what they were doing, and he said he couldn’t tell me that but in the near future we might all know, he said—to tell my people that they mean no harm.
LARSON: And then did something occur that would indicate to you that perhaps the machinery was repaired?
SCHMIDT: Yes, this one man who was working at one end, he said they would be ready to take off—in German language.
LARSON: And you recognized it?
SCHMIDT: Yes.
LARSON: Still high German?
SCHMIDT: Yes. And then this man told me, in American, that they were ready to take off and that I would have to leave. I went out of the machine, the door closed, the ladder went up and I stepped back about ten feet—they didn’t tell me to watch out or anything—and when the machine started going, why, I stepped back a little farther. And then I watched them leave.
LARSON: How did they leave?
SCHMIDT: It went straight up into the air. Slowly at first, then it gained speed, until it got about 150 to 200 feet in the air. It seemed like there was a flash there, and it just disappeared. 
LARSON: Now, you could see any object of this size 150 feet in the air?
SCHMIDT: Oh, yes. It just disappeared. It changed color.
LARSON: Did they have any instructions to you after you left?
SCHMIDT: They told me not to try and start the automobile “until after we leave, for it won’t start anyway.” Then he kinda smiled, and that’s when I first knew they had done something to the automobile.
LARSON: Did you personally feel they were friendly toward you?
SCHMIDT: Yes, very friendly.
LARSON: But disinterested in you as a person?
SCHMIDT: Yes.
LARSON: May I ask you this, now, Mr. Smith? You were with them, or near them, for about how long a timer?
SCHMIDT: I would say 30 to 35 minutes. It took about five minutes to come out there and get me and bring me back.
LARSON: And after it vanished, up there in the sky, you decided to go what, sir?
SCHMIDT: I went to my automobile, and started to the Sheriff’s office.
LARSON: Let me ask you this: Were you scared?
SCHMIDT: Not it that time I---

(Note: The text appears to be cut off at the end as it transitions to the next page.)