There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. The document appears to be a psychological analysis of an incident, with text describing the analysis and recommendations.

Here is the text from the document:

a. Psychological Analysis of Incident:
(1) Undersigned officer considered it to the best interests of all concerned to have the entire incident, and the details of the psychological examination, analyzed and evaluated from a psychological point of view - before making any definite conclusions or recommending further actions.
(2) A visually psychological examination of the source, concurrent with his report was not considered advisable.
(3) Dr. Paul M. Fitts, Department of Psychology, United States University, was consulted and the case was turned over to him for psychological analysis and recommendations.
(4) Dr. Fitts was selected for this review on the basis of his previous experience with UFO cases, having previously performed psychological studies for the Air Force.
(5) Summary of Dr. Fitts' Comments and Recommendations:
(a) The report has many of the characteristics of details that are psychologically considered suspect.
(b) There is complete lack of observation of specific details - although observer states he was very close to objects, and inconsistent with his statement, his description was very general.
(c) Most likely conjecture: road hypnosis due to excessive fatigue and loss of sleep by the witness seeing objects ahead of them. (Many well documented cases, and is most likely to occur on long desert roads).
(d) Conclusions: Mistaken identity or confusion in perception; present evidence not considered conclusive) of the actual incident.
(e) Recommendations: An hour-by-hour investigation and analysis of Lt. Long's activities during the 72-hour period preceding the reported sighting.

3. RECOMMENDED COURSES OF ACTION, AND POSSIBLE CONSEQUENCES OF EACH:
Upon review of Dr. Fitts' report the following courses of action were considered, along with their possible consequences. It is recommended that the case be reviewed by Centreal Intelligence Agency, Project Blue Book Staff, or Headquarters USAF for a command decision: