The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sky chart or diagram depicting the positions of the planets Venus and Saturn in the night sky. The chart shows the relative positions of the two planets as well as other celestial objects like constellations and stars.

ASTRONOMY

VENUS, SATURN NOW SEEN

Although Venus is becoming brighter in the evening sky, it is still reddish from view. September will bring about a kind of replacement for Venus - the "harvest moon."

BY JAMES STOKLEY 

THE PLANET Venus is gradually increasing in brightness as seen in the western sky just after sunset, but it will not reach its greatest brilliance until late in October. This is because the planet is getting farther from the Earth and the sun, so that more and more of its illuminated hemisphere is turned toward us.

As this occurs, the planet will soon appear of magnitude minus 3.5, which means it will be one of the brightest objects in the sky, outshining the star Sirius, which is the brightest star. Venus will then take the place of the star called Sirius, which is so much dimmer that it will be considerably overpowered.

Accompanying Venus in the evening sky, as shown in the diagram, will be the planet Saturn, which is now well up in the southeast as evening falls. Saturn is yellow in color and has not nearly the brilliance of Venus.

The first planet to be seen in the evening is Jupiter, which appears in the southwest in the early evening hours. It is brightest early in the month, becoming dimmer as it approaches the sun and is lost from view by the end of the period.

During the early evening Saturn is in the southern sky, but it moves westward throughout the night and can be seen in the west about 9:30 p.m. this time of year, by your kind of standard time.

September's Morning Star

Brightest star of the September evening is Vega, in Lyra, which reaches its highest point about midnight. This group is also called the "Northern Cross," for one of the shapes it forms in the sky. Toward the southwest, one comes to Aquila, the eagle, of which Altair is the brightest star.

Many of the first magnitude stars, as well as the planets Jupiter and Saturn, are also shown on the diagram. These are so bright that they can be seen even in the light of the evening twilight.

Just to the northwest is the figure of Hercules, the kneeling giant, and then higher up is the great square of Pegasus, the winged horse. Cassiopeia, the woman, is in the northeast, with her "W" shape. Cepheus, the king, is nearby, and if you follow the curve of the handle of the "Big Dipper" it will lead you to Capella, in Auriga, the charioteer, which is very bright.

This night and the next will be 24 minutes less than the night that preceded them and the nights after will continue to get shorter, until the "harvest moon" is reached when the nights and days are nearly equal.

In Canada, according to an astronomy published in 1932, explaining why, this is the time when the farmer is most busy reaping his crops, accounting for the name "harvest moon."

This is the full moon nearest the autumnal equinox, which takes place September 23 this year. The full moon is at its highest for the whole year, and so gives the most light to the farmer for his labors in the fields at that season. The moon rises about twenty minutes later each night from about September 9 to about September 23, so that for several nights around the harvest moon the moon rises at nearly the same time - just a little after sunset. This makes it particularly useful to the farmer in getting the crops in.

Hunter's Moon

In October conditions will be quite similar, except that the moon will have less delay in rising from one night to the next. This is known as the "Hunter's moon," since the bright moonlight at that time aids the hunter in getting his game. The brightness and early rising of the full moon at that season were important factors in the preparation for the long winter ahead.