There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document.

LOW-FLYING DISC FRIGHTENS EARLY MORNING FISHERMAN

July 23, 1957: Dominick Drago, a beauty-shop operator of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, was fishing on a lake in Warren County, New Jersey, en route to Adelphia, New Jersey, where he was spending a few days' vacation. He was in a small rowboat about three-quarters of a mile away from the western shore of the lake.

Drago was driving up a slight grade when he suddenly saw a low-flying object hovering straight overhead. Drago stated that it was in a straight, level path at an 8 degree elevation and was about 125 feet long and 30 feet wide. It was shaped like a saucer and had a bright blue light on the bottom. As it passed overhead, the object made no noise and gave off a bright light that lit up the entire road.

Drago, becoming frightened, started to row rapidly to the shore. As the object passed, it hung motionless for a few seconds and then took off at a terrific speed in a westerly direction (northwest to southeast) in a straight, level path at what appeared to be in excess of 1,000 miles per hour. The object disappeared from sight within a few seconds.

Its altitude was relatively low - it seemed to Drago to be no more than a hundred feet from the water. It appeared to be approximately 125 feet in diameter and about 30 feet thick. There were no visible protrusions, and the object was smooth and without external markings or control surfaces. Its color was dull silver-gray, and it reflected the sunlight brightly. The bottom was flat, or flattish, and the top slightly domed. The color and configuration were distinctive and noticeable. There was a bright blue light located in the center of the bottom that illuminated the entire underside.

The object was flying at a constant speed and elevation and did not waver or fluctuate. There was no trail of vapor, smoke, or exhaust visible. The only visible change was the brightening and dimming of the blue light, which pulsed regularly and made the object seem to "throb" as it passed overhead. The witness was not under any sort of induced surveillance; it was still ahead of him and continuing on a straight course when it suddenly accelerated and disappeared.

The witness's appearance and behavior were normal. ("Nothing out of the ordinary that would explain it.") Drago was an ordinary working man, an American citizen of Italian descent, with no known interest in or connection to any unidentified flying objects. He had no explanation for what he had seen, and was quite shaken by the experience.