New Sky Mystery Seen
As Guessing Continues

Coast Guard Says Brilliant Light Flying
Over Gulf of Mexico At High Speed

BY A UNITED PRESS WRITER

WASHINGTON, Nov. 3--A brilliant mystery object was reported sighted today in southern skies by a coast guard cutter, even as Air Force specialists investigated a flurry of earlier similar reports.

The coast guard cutter Sebago, cruising in the Gulf of Mexico about 220 miles south of Louisiana, radioed that an object resembling a brilliant light at high rate of speed was seen for about three seconds at 5:21 a.m.

Coast Guard Headquarters in New Orleans said the message did not report exactly who on board the cutter had seen the object.

The mysterious object was tracked on the vessel's radar screen for 27 minutes and that, during that period, the object filmed on and off the several times.

Sightings of strange objects have been reported from widely scattered sections of the United States since Sunday, most of them near secret military installations in the Southwest.

Radar Keeping Watch

The Air Force said the radar network of the Air Defense Command is keeping watch--so far without results--to track down the objects that have only qualified investigators have been able to run down so far.

For several years the Air Force has checked all reports of unidentified flying objects. Investigators work under the Air Defense Command at Colorado Springs, Colorado, and report to Air Technical Intelligence Center.

The chances are the Air Force will attribute the current sightings to natural phenomena or such ordinary man-made objects as aircraft.

During the first half of this year, the Air Force said, only 1.9 per cent of the 250 reported sightings of flying saucers and other fantastic aerial objects have wound up in the "unknown" category.

And the Air Force said firmly--though some flying saucer buffs may agree--that it doesn't believe even the 1.9 per cent residue is made up of the things you read about in science fiction magazines.

From Another Planet

Balloons, aircraft and such astronomical sights as meteors and bright stars account--according to the Air Force's official satisfaction--for almost four-fifths of the sightings.

But an official Air Force organization set up to investigate flying saucers and such said it couldn't evaluate at this point the current rash of reported sightings.

Retired Marine Maj. Donald E. Keyhoe, director of the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, takes a different view. He says that the reported objects may be from another planet.

"Assuming they are real," he said, "they would be secret weapons, made on earth or are interplanetary." Any nation with such aircraft would long ago have abandoned conventional aircraft or missiles.

"It looks as though they are

[Black and white photograph of night sky with clouds]

[The visible text on the right side of the article appears to continue but is partially obscured by the photograph. The visible portion reads:]

interplanetary," Keyhoe said.
Some of the citizens, peace officer and Airmen also reported sightings near a jet-noted, Leonard said sightings near other officials notions northwestors said the objects trailed auto " brilliance-colored one" and shifted shape and caused minor confusion.

James Stokes, an engineer across the countryside and left sort of heat wave, "like radii life to see
[illegible]
[illegible]
[illegible]