I don't see any photographs in the provided image. The image appears to be a typed document page from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

revealed a remnant magnetism that made the needle of the compass move approximately 15 degrees, like poles #1 and #2.
The apparatus was then supposedly only 1.50 meters from the irrigation vane at the maximum. These tests were then repeated by the corporal, the warrant officer, and the policemen were also very important, and especially in the changes of the magnetism on the pole that was precisely the one that had not been submitted to the vibrations that the other poles had. Only a profound and appropriate study and investigation of these results could let one confirm that it was in fact related to a magnetic phenomenon that was natural or consecutive of the ground environment.
We returned to the village, thanks to the presence of the policemen. I was able to return and encounter Mr. ______. The latter assured of the fact that I was an investigator (he did not want to have to go through another interview for any newspaper), he was willing to go and fetch his wife and Mrs. ________ that were in hiding in the near hill. This is why I was finally able to talk with the witnesses. Our interview was recorded on a tape recorder by Engineer Mr. Pierre Azema and released on the same day on (April 17, at 7:00 p.m.) the Radio Monte-Carlo Chain Stations.
Note:
In contrast to what the press has announced, the D. S. T. is not investigating this event. On the morning of April 17 (before my departure) the D. S. T. indicated that only the Air Police would become involved. I, therefore, got in contact with the Air Police whose Inspector confirmed that in relation to the Draguignan and the fact that they were on the way to the spot the apparatus had been seen. This took place exactly 4 days after the event.
I tend to have to place emphasis on the diligence and the objectiveness of the policemen of Brignoles. The latter sent out, without a delay, detailed reports to the Air Police, the Minister of the Interior, the Commander of the