There is no photograph present on this page.

---

OCR Text Output:

THE KEARNEY INCIDENT

their oil did not smell; Later, I discovered some of the oil had been poured out in the trunk of my car and over my laundry. I ask you, what man would leave a half-full can of oil standing in the trunk of his car?

Although it was reported to me that the two Air Force officials from Colorado Springs, Colorado, arrived in Kearney during the night, they did not meet or talk to me until about 11 a.m. the following morning (November 6). Then they asked me to tell them of my experience and they recorded it on tape.

While in this session, one of the local officials from Kearney wondered out loud how the ship could go straight up. Forgetting himself, one of the Air Force officials said, “Oh, we know what makes it go straight up.”

In the meantime, local officials went back on the air and TV and denounced my experience as a hoax.

Once I was confined to the jail I was cut off from all phone calls and contacts. My employer placed a person-to-person call to me for three days that was never completed.

The next day (November 7) there was talk about a mental hearing. I was asked to get to a telephone: I wanted to call my brothers and have them bring one of their attorneys. The officials wouldn’t permit me to use the phone.

“We have good attorneys here in Kearney,” they said. And running through the list of attorneys in the ‘phone book, “Here’s a good fellow.”

They called him and when he arrived I saw he was the assistant city attorney.

The first thing he said was, “We don’t believe your story, and we want you to change it.”

“Well, I have news for you,” I said. “I don’t want you for my attorney.”

But the next day it was announced in the local paper that I had an attorney of my choice.

About 11 o’clock at night then (November 7), I was called to a meeting of a mental hearing board. Members of the board were:
The chief of police
The county attorney
The clerk of the district court
The deputy sheriff
A doctor

This meeting was held behind locked doors in an upstairs room above the fire department. A local radio announcer knew the meeting was to be held and was trying to locate it—he inquired all around town until he finally found out from a local cop, too late to attend the meeting.

When the doctor arrived he asked me just three questions:
1. “How do you feel about the people of Kearney, Nebraska?”
I said I had no hard feelings toward anyone.
2. “Do you still maintain that you saw that ship?”
“I certainly do.”
3. “Are you willing to go to the mental hospital and have some mental tests?”
“No,” and I further answered that I did not intend to go to the hospital, and if they insisted on taking me they would have to pay the bill.

In about fifteen minutes I was on the way to the hospital at Hastings, Nebraska, accompanied by the chief of police, the county attorney and the deputy sheriff. On the way up the fellows kidded me about having pretty nurses and a nice rest.

“Well, fellows,” I said, “You can have your fun now, I’ll have mine later on.”

I was admitted to the hospital that night.

Before the hearing, however, one of the local officials called my broth