The image does not contain any photographs. 

Text from the document:

NEWS RELEASE
PLEASE NOTE DATE

IMMEDIATE RELEASE 

AIR FORCE RELEASES STUDY ON
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS

The results of an investigation begun by the Air Force in 1947 into the existence of unidentified aerial objects (so-called flying saucers) were released on 7 October 1955.

No evidence of the existence of the popularly-termed "flying saucers" was found.

The study was based on study and analysis by a private scientific group under the supervision of the Air Technical Intelligence Agency. Although the investigation of the unidentified aerial objects had been going on for more than seven years ago, methods and procedures have been reaffirmed only in the last four months of 1955 only three per cent were listed as unknown.

Commenting on this report, Secretary of the Air Force Donald A. Quarles said: "The basis of this study we believe that no objects such as those popularly described as flying saucers have ever been shown to exist."

"However, we are now entering a period of aviation technology in which some startling configurations and flight characteristics will begin to appear."

"The Air Force and the Armed Services have under development several vertical-rising, high performance aircraft, and as early as last year a project was flown. The Air Force will fly the first jet-powered vertical-rising aircraft in a matter of days. We have another project under contract with AVRO Ltd., of Canada, which could result in disclaimed aircraft similar to the popular description of a flying saucer."

"While some of these may take novel forms, such as the AVRO project, they are aircraft of conventional design and should not be regarded as supra-natural or mysterious. We expect to develop all-wing shapes and perhaps other configurations as we progress, and if manned, they will still be manned by normal terrestrial airmen. Other than reducing, perhaps, the visibility factor, we do not expect vertical-rising aircraft to have more outstanding military characteristics."