The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969.

The text in the document is as follows:

OFFICE OF PUBLIC INFORMATION
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.

U. S. AIR FORCE SUMMARY OF EVENTS AND INFORMATION
CONCERNING THE UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT PROGRAM

The Air Force feels a very definite obligation to identify and analyze things appearing in the air which have been observed, because of the United States and, because of that feeling of obligation and pursuit of that interest, the Air Force has a definite program established.

This program was established in 1947 when unidentified flying objects were being reported in various parts of the United States. The program continues to a total of 429 in 1959.

From a survey of the volume of sightings received by the Air Force, it has been determined that cover 90 per cent are readily explainable as being known objects. Generally, sighted objects fall in the category of balloons, aircraft, astronomical bodies, and birds, except for reports of unidentified flying objects resulting from either radar or visual sightings.

Explanations pertaining to a physical, meteorological and civilian radar facilities are as follows:

1. Temperature inversion reflections can give a return on a radar scope that is hard to distinguish from an airplane, but close study of these returns reveals their fantastic nature. The "objects" also appear to stop in flight, to suddenly disappear, and to return to fantastic rates.

To possibly bear out the theory of temperature inversion reflection is an incident which occurred in January 1951 near Oakride, Tennessee. Two air force interceptors attempted to close on the "objects" but their altitude at the time was only a fraction of what the "objects" were at when their radar track was lost.

Iridescent clouds have occurred that could be considered as unidentified flying objects. Investigation has revealed, however, that these phenomena are quite natural in character and undoubtedly can account for some of the sightings. There also has been evidence of refraction between radar stations, and inhomrogeneous objects, obviously, when they occur, would be very difficult to identify.