The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely part of Project Blue Book, that contains a questionnaire or form with questions and checkboxes related to a UFO sighting.

UFO form continued
Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One)
Yes No. If yes, what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One)
Yes No. If you can estimate a distance, how far away would you say it was? 1st.be -1,3 ys  

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. Out-of-doors
c. In an automobile
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the country, not in a city?
d. Flying over land?
e. Flying over water?
f. At a military installation?

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, that completed the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you travelling?
24.2 About what speed (miles per hour) were you travelling?
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: (Circle One for each)
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No 
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Photographic equipment Yes No
f. Thru-out field glasses Yes No
g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words as concise and complete terms as possible, what impressed you most about the object which you saw.

Any ciscular saucer looking object that seem to dange along in an irregular erratic manne, just above the trees or rooftops of tall buidings. Moved into sight, hovered briefly and then disappeared swiftly over the horizon. Left a sort of vapor trail in its wake. Impossible to obtain a clear photograph because of the swiftness of its movement.