Page 2.                    SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for September 28, 1957

ASTRONOMY

See Fall Constellations

Some characteristic fall constellations are visible in the southern sky during October, which also brings on unusual solar eclipse visible only from Antarctica.

By JAMES STOKLEY

▶ ALTHOUGH the autumn skies do not have the brilliance of those of summer, there are some interesting and characteristic constellations which now shine in the south.

The line of stars outlining the Great Square, which denotes the area in which they appear about mid-evening in early October times—add one hour for daylight saving time—is the first of October, nine o'clock at the middle of the month and eight o'clock at the end.

High in the southern sky are the four stars marking the great square of Pegasus, the winged horse. Actually three of the stars in Pegasus, Albireo, the one completing the great square is Alpha in the neighboring group of Andromeda, the charted lady. Diagonally opposite Markab, which is to the horse's neck, as the figure was drawn on the old star maps.

The row of stars extending downward from the right side from Markab form the head. The stars extending eastward from the upper nailed corner are to form the body and wings.

If you follow downward the line of the right side of the square, you will come to a bright star, low in the south, which is called Formalhaut, and is part of Piscis Australis, the southern fish. This is almost as high as it ever gets, in our northern latitudes.

That is why it is represented by the symbol for a second-magnitude star, even though it is first magnitude. According to the system whereby the same-order radiates brightness. Because it is so low, its light has to pass through a greater thickness of the earth's atmosphere than if it were higher in the sky.

The mythical on our maps show the stars as they appear and they are only shown with their full brightness when they are fairly high.

Constellations of the Zodiac

Moving down toward the southern sky, near the fish, which is one of a row of constellations extending diagonally across the southern sky, down to the southwestern horizon. The others are Aries, the ram; Aquarius, the water-carrier; Capricornus, the sea-goat, and Sagittarius, the archer.

These are constellations of the zodiac; another is Taurus, the bull; while in the western sky we see part of Gemini, Sagittarius, and other constellations in the evening sky now and then for some months to come. 

Scorpius, also a zodiacal constellation.

The zodiac is the path through which the sun, moon and planets seem to move, and

at present Venus is in Scorpius on the beginning of October; about midmonth Venus and end of the month it remains above the horizon for nearly two and a quarter hours after sunset.

Of magnitude minus 3.7, Venus is far brighter than any other star or planet, so there is no difficulty in finding it.

Another planet, Mars, is also up. Although of the first magnitude, it is not nearly so brilliant as bright as Venus. At the beginning of October, Venus is to the west of Saturn. Moving eastward, it passes Saturn on Oct. 20.

The other naked-eye planets (Mercury, Mars and Jupiter) are now all so nearly in the same direction as the sun that they are not visible.

According to the stars, we find that Mercury is the brightest of those now visible appear to the right of Pegasus. High in the west is Cygnus, the swan, with first-magnitude Deneb, just below this say Vega, in Lyra, the lyre. To the left of Lyra is Aquila, the eagle, with the star called Altair.

During the night of Oct. 22, by U. S. observers at the University of Africa, and the southernmost parts of Madagascar and New Zealand, as well as a large portion of the Indian Ocean, will be crossed by the penumbra, so that a partial eclipse of the sun will be observed from these regions.

How moving over to the east we find, near the horizon at the mid-times, brilliant Capella, in Auriga, the charioteer. To the right is Aldebaran in Taurus, the bull, with the reddish star called Aldebaran. Both of these belong to that brilliant array of stars which is so prominent in the south during winter evenings. For Orionter there is an eclipse of the sun, but almost the only people to see it will be the members of the scientific parties located in Antarctica, current international Geophysical Year. An eclipse of the sun occurs when the moon passes directly in front of it, and cuts off the lunar shadow falls on our planet. That shadow has two parts: the umbra, or inner shadow, where the unseen completely cover the sun's disk. Where the umbra reaches, a eclipse is total; from the penumbra, only a partial eclipse away be observed.

[The page includes two star maps showing fall constellations - one labeled with constellation names and directional markers (WEST, EAST, etc.), and another showing zodiacal constellations with similar directional markers]