The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, describing the examination of some pieces of matter found on the highway at a site indicated by witnesses. The text discusses the physical characteristics of the pieces, including their similarity to tar and asphalt, and the analysis being conducted on them. There are no human faces or identifications in the image.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

At the site that had been indicated by the witnesses we examined the previously described pieces of matter. They appeared to be similar to stretched pieces of tar on the highway but they did not contain any gravel in contrast to that tar on the highway and they did not stem from the highway and were definitely not part of a piece that had been worked on as the highway in this section was in good condition. 

We tried to use a knife and remove some of this but it adhered to the highway and to the knife and to our fingers and was very difficult to remove. It did not smell like tar and rather gave an odor that was even worse than tar. However the latter did not seem to smell like cow dung as was previously stated.

We lifted some of the particles of the highway that also seemed to smell like the characteristic tar odour.

At some distance of the latter,in front of a monument for dead,we removed some of the highway that had been patched and it seemed to be similar to the mysterious substance that we had encountered although it did not smell like the latter. 

We subjected these three pieces to the flame of a bunsen burner and the repair piece of the highway gave off the well known odor of hot tar and the two other pieces although they were equally subjected to the flame gave off no recognizable odor with the exception of one that slightly resembled glue or wax.

These pieces are presently still being analysed but the experts to whom we submitted these pieces for examination have informed us that the mysterious substance is not tar but asphalt and the crackling that was produced during the subjection to the flame was probably due to some form of hydration,be it accidental or not.

Anyway any way that one looks at it if we are dealing with a known substance then the presence of the latter on the highway is therefore explained and also explains the cracked pieces that were encountered over an area of 3 to 4 metres in diameter. In this small province of 195 people,the passing of an asphalt truck would not go unnoticed and at 10:45 at night it would be an unlikelihood. Even a leak in a nozzle would not have left such traces. We examined the proximate bridges and highways for some other clues.