The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which is a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

The text in the document is as follows:

SKY FARM - NORTH EGREMONT - MASSACHUSETTS
Feb. 5, June 5th, 1957

Secretary of Defense, Neil H. McElroy 
Washington, D.C.

Dear Mr. McElroy:

My friend and neighbor Mr. William H. Herridge, suggests I send you enclosed photographs of the Willis la England last summer. I took the color transparency of the object, which I believe to be a flying saucer. The pictures were very clear and the object was quite large and round, but I'm not interested, but useless in the Nov/Dec, 1957 issue of their magazine.

Now, I have some 8 x 10 color prints from a slide which might be rather interesting. These making a fair 8 x 10 print, would give a Mr. Armstrong of the firm of Dunn & Armstrong of New York a fine background color. I believe he would accept one for analysis, providing postage cost is prepaid.

I also enclose my one and only colored "saucer" sent to me in a letter received from a HANSON-which is a non-identified correlated investigation of UFO-ASADECOR. I sight that this address is SPAN CLAYTON, Texas. The mail man claims it was forwarded to France, but I have never received it. 

I also have a letter received from a CHENEA-VERNON-which is in reference to an address in SPAN, CLAYTON, Texas. For this purpose we need a first class positive or negative so these seems to come such an interest in my snap-shot. I thought you might be interested to look at them.

I would appreciate your comments. Friends who are aware of it call it a "saucer", but friends who are photographers claim it is not a "saucer" but just a distorted reflection. I cannot tell, but I friends who are aware of it call it a "saucer", but friends who are photographers claim it is not a "saucer" but just a distorted reflection. I cannot tell, but I am enclosing the material for your evaluation and comments.

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]