There is no photograph included in this document page from Project Blue Book. The page contains a text-based report describing an observation of an unidentified flying object over the Forest Hills area of New York on August 14, 1957. The report provides details about the sighting, including observations made by a witness, the object's movement and behavior, and the reactions of others who were present.

Text output:

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)

14 August 1957
New York City, New York

DOG AND OTHERS OBSERVE MOVING OBJECT MANEUVER OVER FOREST HILLS

August 1, 1957. dog (name deleted) with his parents, a 14-year-old girl and a young boy, observed the following account of an observation made by a "friend of his" in Forest Hills (Queens):

"On August 14 at 11:30 p.m. I was awakened by my dog barking. I looked out the window and saw a lighted object maneuvering over Forest Hills. It would stop, then move up, down, and sideways. I called my parents and they too saw it. It was round with a blue light in the center and emitted a white light all around the outer edge. After about 5 seconds of observation, it shot straight up out of sight. My dog barked throughout the sighting. I called the police but they refused to come. I then called Kew Gardens and Kew Gardens Hills fire departments and they too refused to come. A neighbor took her back in the house and returned to the window. In the meantime, the object reappeared, maneuvered as before and finally shot straight up again. I watched it for about 2 minutes in all. 

After this incident I called the Forest Hills police again and they came out but would not take a report. They said they would send it to the 'higher-ups.' When the police arrived, the object did not reappear."

The witness stated that the object stopped, maneuvered, and shot straight up several times. Nine days later, on August 23, Al Balsamo and Carl Thomas, ambulance drivers for Kings County hospital, had a similar experience with an unidentified object while making a call. They were driving along Ocean Parkway in Brooklyn when "the car radio went out and weird things happened to the car." A woman in East Northport had been awakened by a "loud humming noise" and it seemed this was connected to the incident involving the ambulance drivers. It was reported that a couple in Merrick, Long Island, had seen a UFO which "made a sound like the hum of a bee."