There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text found in the document is as follows:

There was no trace of magnetism on the ground near the immobilization points and the around the place where the object was supposedly present.

These tests and these reports have been executed in the presence of Mr. Jacques Bergier and Jacques Vallee who are related to CROFF. Changes in Poland.

We were rejoined in Amelle-les-Bains by Dr. Marcel Pages, who is the investigator of the G.P.E. in the Pyrennes-Orientales province. Mr. N.J. Verplilot and myself went to the obervation station of Amelie-les-Bains where we were received by the warrant officer Mahoux and the policemen Fouiade and Barbe. We have received the observations that had been made by the latter in Palada and on the testimonies that were supplied to us.

These observers were surprised at the lack of respect that the witnesses gave them. We explained to them that this attitude on the part of the witnesses was more than likely due to the fact that they did not want to appear ridiculous. Anyway, in relation to the scientific character of our investigation, the witnesses did agree to make a statement as the police station and this was in fact executed on the 13th of May.

This event offers more than an analogical comparison with that that occurred in Villas-sur-Garonne (Var) or April 14,1927. At Vina the apparatus that was seen was metallic and cone-shaped and the only thing that is lacked was the "Flames". The one observed in Palada was considered a "flaming" cone that was apparently the reason why the shape of the apparatus was not immediately discernible. In fact, the "flaming saucers" are frequently hidden in a flamboyant halo and falling lumination and both of these are more than likely due to some ionisation phenomenon.

According to the two observations the ground was swept and roughed up and scattered by the apparatus. If at Villas-sur-Garonne the magnetism that was intolerated was 12 degrees deviation of the needle of the compass and at Palada the deviation was 20 degrees. And one must keep in mind the fact that the T-shaped wire fence imitating is rather inferior to that of the signal poles from Vina.

PID-DT-64-572/1+2-