There is no photograph present on this page.

OCR Output:
```
Visitor to Saucer
Is Former Convict

Continued From Page One said he saw an object which made car engines stall near the White Sands Proving Grounds.

COL. JOHN McCURDY, Air Force public relations officer at White Sands, said the engineer, James Stokes, 42, will be given a thorough medical examination and a radiation count test. McCurdy said he was "personally satisfied" with Mr. Stokes' report.

Also in the Southwest, a civil service worker at Lack-land Air Force Base in San Antonio, Tex., said he saw an egg-shaped object land in a ravine about 200 yards from him as he drove near the city. Ted Yarbrough said his car engine and lights went off, and the object took off in a few minutes, enabling him to drive away.

At about the same time, the Ground Observer Corps at Midland, Tex., said it saw a large, fiery object and picked up conversation on a sound detector. The conversation was unintelligible.

In Long Beach, Cal., three Air Force weather observers, one of them the commanding officer of the post, two days later Friday reported sighting six unidentified, saucer-shaped flying objects over Long Beach Air Force Base.

The objects also were reportedly seen by 10 military personnel who were waiting to board a plane, according to the spotting unit.

First to sight the objects, described as flying at an altitude of about 7000 feet at the base of clouds, was commanding officer Maj. Louis F. Baker. Airmen Joseph Abramavage and William Nieland, weather observers, also said they saw the objects.

Mr. Abramavage, who made the report, said the objects were "circular in shape and shiny like spun aluminum, changing course instantaneously without loss of speed like planes in a mock dogfight."

Local Basketball
Coming on TV

Continued From Page being considered today.

the Indianapolis P S e h o o l Athletic Federation, which meets to discuss the possibility of televising season games involving public schools.

The two television Ind-Pele and Ca Jan. 17 Sectioni- Mr. achto to

What's Going
On Up There?

MIAMI. Nov. 6 (UP) —Amateur radio operator John Petrof says Russia's Sputnik II satellite sounds like thousands of insects and birds chirping aboard a speeding train.

Petrof picked up the satellite on his high frequency set and recorded the sound on tape.

He said the noise of the "tickety-tack of a train coupled with the noise of 
```