The image does not contain any photographs. The text provided appears to be excerpts from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. I will now proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

the .013 line, from 60 down to 6 miles, indicates that the minimum object size discernible ranges from approximately 30 feet to 6 feet. This correlates well with the data given in (2) above by the 5th Weather Group at Edwards.
f. A study of 25 consecutive enlargements reveal that the tiny white object alternately changes from elliptical (described as a disc by observers) to round in shape. No close-up photos have been taken, and all measurements are derived from estimates of the object's size and its distance from observers. One estimate states that the object remained over a bright daylight area for approximately ten minutes. It should be noted that the sun was due east at this time and not low for above the horizon. The effect of moonlight reflection on light-colored rounded surfaces is well known. Weird and unusual appearances can be created.
4. Comments Regarding Sources: Consistent with the principles of commenting on any UFO analysis, the following points are considered pertinent:
a. Inconsistances
(1) In their personal report as given in the UFO questionnaire, both observers state the object was at a bearing (azimuth) of 75 degrees when it disappeared.
(2) The UFO report from Edwards AFB quotes the observers as saying that the object disappeared at the same bearing (75 degrees azimuth) and that when it disappeared, it was the size of a dime. All investigators have verified this factor.
(3) In both the official UFO report and their questionnaire, they state that the size of a basketball held at arms length. A simple demonstration will quickly indicate that a basketball held in front of one's eyes at this distance will cover almost half of the visible sky, and would be an indication that the object observed at 5,000 feet distance. The object, in actuality, would be almost a 1/2 mile wide.
b. Belief in "Flying Saucers"
(1) One observer has given strong indications that he is a believer in the so-called "flying saucers."
(2) Stated that he observed a "disc-like" the size of a football shield hanging over a house for twenty minutes.