The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text in the document describes an incident that occurred on November 13, 1957, where a Captain Dugas was contacted by a Chief of Police in Maryland regarding an unidentified flying object. The document details the events that followed, including the Captain's interactions with the military police and the investigation that took place.

ST.4T2MENT 
14 November 1957

At approximately 0935 hours, 13 November 57, Captain Dugas, Operation Officer of the 1707th Meteorological Squadron, Ft George E Meade, Maryland, called me telephonically that the Chief of Police in 
Centreville, Maryland has requested his assistance in investigating a flying object which he, the Chief of Police, had observed hovering over the town of Centreville at approximately 0900 hours. Captain Dugas stated that the Chief of Police requested a military police car to be sent to Centreville since he was unable to handle the situation by himself and asked if we would be willing to
provide this support. I checked with Major Snyder, Capt. 22, who directed me to go with the Military Police. Captain Sean asked me to check with the Operations Center at Ft Meade, since I would require some written authority to proceed. I complied and was issued written authority to State Hospital.

Upon arrival at the State Hospital, at approximately 1020 hours,  OC J I interviewed the personnel and ascertained the Chief of Police of Centreville, Maryland, a second eyewitness, had been brought to the hospital.

13 November 1957, the Chief of Police stated that shortly before 0900 hours, he heard a popping noise, and saw an object which he estimated to be between 30 and 50 feet in diameter, at a height of approximately 1000 feet. The Chief watched the object for between 5 to 10 minutes, as it remained stationary. It finally disappeared by speeding up and going straight up out of sight. 

At the State Hospital at approximately 0900 hours, the Chief stated the object was about the size of the state hospital at approximately 1000 feet. At the State Hospital, we attempted to pick up pieces of the object with his fingers, but the pieces disintegrated immediately. We salvaged a few pieces and placed them on a piece of paper and placed them in the box and gave him brief details of the incident. Major Snyder showed remarks to Colonel Enough Deputy Post Commander.

GFC Freeman and I picked up the remnants on a piece of paper and placed them in a paper clip. We returned to the Psychical Warfare Division, and turned the material over to the Technical Intelligence Division, Wright Patterson Air Force Base. 