The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I can output the text found in the document:

An instant later we followed the route of the "line of control" or the machine which had about 1500 meters from the "road" and had passed over another sign-post panel (No. 23 on the drawing). This panel (which indicated the route) was vertical (size 120cm by 90cm) and, this panel did not give a trace of magnetization and did not deviate the magnetic needle of the compass. The next panel, presenting the indication "V1", did not have a trace of magnetization and did not deviate the needle of the compass. We went over the route and found ourselves on the little best-known dirt road which seemed to have covered the second time. However, a slogan was about 3/4 of a meter to the side, used for magnetization marking the needle of the compass deviated 15 degrees. The team of the gendarmes arrived at the last panel (No. 1) which had been successively checked by the sergeant, the adjutant, and the policeman are constants.

Coming back to the village, thanks to the presence of the police, I was able to find the official policeman, his colleague, and the latter assumed to be my activities as an investigator (he did not want at any cost to have to do again with a strange researcher man) did not agree on his wife and Mrs. Gracia hiding on the hill. Thus I was able to interrogate the two witnesses. Our conversation was recorded by the sound recorders by the sergeant as said the evening (April 17) at 19:34 o'clock over the Monte Carlo networks.

The mere fact of the considerable residual magnetization revealed by the metal pencils and metal plates where it underwent did not seem to me to insist on the good faith of the witnesses.

N. B. Contrary to what the official press announced the P. S. M. did not consider itself in relation with this matter. (On April 17 in the morning (before my departure) let me know that only the Air Police were concerned themselves with this affair. The investigations are continuing. Information established that the arrival in Vins-sur-Caramy of a man from Draguignan was going to the place. This correspondent made an investigation on April 18, i. e. four days after the event.

I want to point out particularly the differences and the absurdity with which the official police, to the Ministry of the Interior, to the Commandant of the National Gendarmerie, in a second report, explaining the circumstances of my personal investigation and mentioning the point was erased. I believe that there is a valid reason to be alarmed in Marseilles, where it should have arrived on April 19th in the morning.

Done at Marseilles, April 20, 1952
(Seals and signatures)