There is no photograph or image present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The text appears to be discussing the effects of the size and brightness of objects on visual perception and the observer's interpretation of the object's characteristics. The text does not mention or identify any specific individuals.

Transcribed text:

the size is changed continuously, the lighted balloons seem to move less effected with the effect of arrest/ lowernment of lighted spirres through space. This is true even when observed with both eyes. If the relative brightness is lessened continually and there is a variation in relative size and brightness, most observers are inclined to judge distances by relative brightness.

The effect of these tests upon the observer is premised on the fact that the size upon past experience in assessing distance based upon relative size and brightness. The points of light appear to pulsate, they are identical and of equal brightness. In the case of the two points of light placed one above the other, past experience leads the observer to assume that, when he looks down, the lower light is nearer and, conversely, that, when he looks up, the higher light is nearer.

With regard to the seeming variance in distance when the size of the distant points continously, closely the observer seen two fixed objects at the same distance change in size. Usually any change in size of the object results from a change in the position of the object in relation to the position of the observer. As the object draws near- er, it becomes larger, and the reverse is true as it draws farther away. Therefore, in the case of the two balloons, the observer assumes that any change in size of the two balloons results from a variation in distance from his point of observation.

The nature of observation shows how perceptual adaptation results from the relation of visual perception to past experience in an effort to understand and recognize the object or objects seen.

When we see an object, we derive an impression not only of its location, but also of its existence as an object, and the location as- signed to visual perception will color the characteristics it possesses. We will assume characteristics they do not possess normally, but, since the observer tends to accept them as real. Thus, psychologically, he creates an object with characteristics which do not exist in actuality. He therefore, that the observer analyze his observations in relation to unusual weather or lighting conditions and recognize characteristics which deviate from the normal and can be explained by the unnatural conditions under which they were seen.

When we see an unfamiliar object, we draw upon our individual past experience in an attempt to identify it. If the unfamiliar characteristics of the object cannot be related to past experience, we have a feeling of uncertainty and it is then that we draw upon imagination for identification.