There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Major Friend - Mr. __, I think you saw an exceptional meteor called a "fireball" which is as bright or brighter than -3 magnitude, that means approximately 15 times as bright as the North Star, and considerable larger in size. Fireballs are very rare and usually a person experiences only 1 or 2 in a lifetime if they observe the sky regularly. Under certain circumstances if it comes close enough, it can be a very frightening experience and may sound like a thundering or whistling sound.Some people have reported these meteors to have struck the ground and the same objects has been seen two or three hundred miles away.

Mr. __ - I certainly am glad you explained to me what I saw.

Major Friend - Mr. __, I further think that because of the startling effect of 'glow' you also suffered some visual illusions in connection with it. Rather than the object moving slowly, the bright glow probably made it appear to move very rapidly. Also the increase in size of the object and its apparent increase in size is sometimes characteristic of objects moving many times faster than the speed of sound.

3. Discussion and Analysis:
a. Mr. __ is married, has five children and is a man of less than average means. (He was on several television programs and had some articles written) about the subject. It is our opinion that he was quite sincere and told the truth.
b. It is our opinion that the civil defense people of this area are quite unorganized in their policy or due to the fact that Mr. __ was quite a UFO fan.
c. Other witnesses saw an object with the same description as Mr. __'s opinion that the late hour and low population density are the factors responsible for such few witnesses or this particular sighting.
d. It seems quite logical that the meteor seen by Mr. __ was quite near burn out. It probably burned out or exploded and some extremely small pieces hit the earth soon after is passed over Mr. __.