There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scan of an old document from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

SUBJECT: (C) Request for Special Investigation - 1st Lt Joseph F. Long, AD-3028640

TO: District Commander
Fifth District Office of Special Investigations
ATTN: Major M. M. Rola
Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

1. In accordance with prescribed directives of AFR 200-2, this Center has conducted an extensive investigation and analysis of a UFO incident that occurred near Tonopah, Nevada, in the early morning of 23 November 1957. (Uncl)

2. In brief, the incident involves a subject officer who claims to have made close contact with what in connected observation has been requested by this Center disclosed that subject officer left immediately upon completing the USAF Survival School at Stead AFB. Neveda and all flight routes to Las Vegas, and encountered the alleged objects the following day. USAF Survival School students normally encounter numerous strange phenomena and objects during their training that are familiar with both current and projected aircraft, missile and helicopter designs, as well as aerial phenomena that is often unfamiliar or unconventional airborne objects, yet insisting in official testimony (Conf)

3. The matter has been completed within this Center's scope of responsibility, which embraces only the technical and scientific study and analyses of the incident. As such, it has not been resolved to full satisfaction of the Air Force, this is currently being pursued jointly by a Review Board established at the Ohio State University, to which the case was referred for their review and evaluation. Herewith is attached case file. Dr. Pitts has performed analyses, from the psychological point of view, the number of complete UFO cases for the Air Force. (Conf)

4. The case is now considered to fall within the requirements for a special investigation, if it is to be carried to its ultimate and logical conclusion. It is therefore requested that action be initiated to accomplish the following: (Restricted)