The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It contains a celestial map and an article discussing how the stars were brighter in the past according to astronomers. The article mentions that the stars were believed to be billions of years old, and discusses various theories about the formation and evolution of the stars.

Science News Letter for August 24, 1957

EARLY STARS WERE BRIGHTER
astronomers to believe that billions of years ago the stars were much brighter than they now are.

THE SKIES were adorned with much brighter stars billions of years ago, according to astronomers, but the light they gave off then was much faster than their light is today - and the reason for this change is a matter of dispute. 
The observation that the stars are a little dimmer than they once were was reported by astronomers at the American Astronomical Society meeting in Chicago. The data indicates that in the four or five billion years that have elapsed, the stars have lost a significant amount of element building occurring in their interiors.

Some process is repeated in the more mature galaxies, similar to one that was formed so early in the life span of the stars billions of years ago. Although the problem of accounting for the change in intrinsic stellar brightness is a thorny one, satisfactory explanation of it has been proposed.

The spectrum or "fingerprint" of starlight reveals that stars are composed largely of the lightest elements, hydrogen and helium. Over billions of years the heavier elements have built up within the stars through nuclear processes going on in their interiors. This steady accumulation of elements in the stars has caused a small but steady dimming of their light.

The various nuclear processes, such as fusion, which generate the energy powering the stars, build up elements heavier than hydrogen and helium - elements like carbon, oxygen, silicon and iron. This buildup has the effect of reducing the star's luminosity or brightness over the span of billions of years.

Thus, as the stars age, their light becomes a little dimmer, just as a smoldering fire gradually loses its brightness as it converts fuel into ash. The astronomers reported that this process accounts for at least some of the observed fading of the stars.

CELESTIAL TIME TABLE FOR
STARS IN ORDER OF BRIGHTNESS
Celestial Time Table for September:
8 :13 p.m. - Regulus, in line with stars 
10:00 p.m. - Moon furthest, distance 253,000 
11:31 p.m. - Arcturus, brightest star in the sky
1 :18 a.m. - Venus, sky's brightest "star" 
3 :17 a.m. - Saturn, in the easterly sky 
5 :12 a.m. - Sun and stars no longer visible