The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document describing a "Kearney, Nebraska 'Contact' Claim" incident.

THE KEARNEY, NEBRASKA "CONTACT" CLAIM
This story was told in this it told of a "contact" with saucer pilots who might be "spacesmen" at all, but ordinary human beings from somewhere on earth. Apparently some farmers or ranchers it is said were engaged in conversation with one of these beings, who told stories told immediately afterwards. Much as Everett Clark's or Dr. Hynek's, the tale is not now available, might just possibly be true, since this case is undoubtedly one of the most intriguing to come forward from the Kearney hill as a "landing" or "contact" incident.
The teller of the story, Reinhold Schmidt, a grain buyer from Bakersfield, California who lives-near and farming South Dakota, Shearer, is said to have approached him on the afternoon of Nov. 5th and told him what he had seen. It was said that his car engine had stalled "without any apparent reason", and as he got out and approached a "saucer" standing on four posts. As he got out and approached the saucer, he claimed there were three men standing near it, dressed in ordinary clothing, engaged in repairing some wiring. "They showed no alarm at his approach", and one said: "We'll have to be a little while - you'll just have to wait a little while."
Later on the same day, said Schmidt, these three "persons" entered the "saucer" and it took off at a terrific rate of speed, heading in the direction of Kansas. Schmidt claimed they had conversed freely with him, and that the saucer and its "passengers" were gone. As an information Item, he said the three "men" were all around 5 feet 8 inches in height, dressed in ordinary street clothing, engaged in repairing some wiring.
No photographs or corroborating evidence is available, and Project Blue Book states that the "case remains unresolved". It was officially characterized as "undetermined". However, Schmidt did make an immediate report to the Air Force, and apparently a check was made. The dispatch reported that two Air Force investigators from "nearby" interviewed him, but "stuck to his story," and that the court-martial of an airman "at this request" had been requested, but stuck to his story." It disclosed also that he (Schmidt) had refused to take a lie detector test, saying that he had known Schmidt for 7 years, and that Schmidt's county sheriff said he had known Schmidt for 5 years, and that he was "not the type to fabricate something."