There are no photographs present on this page.

---
OCR Output:
```
No Case (Information Only) 					22 April 1957
								Palalda, France

	Palalda - April 22, 1957

	Since this case has not been described previously in the News Letter, we give below a practically complete translation of Guieu’s article in Ouranos about his personal investigation.

	On Monday, April 22, at 1 p.m., Mr. and Mrs. [Blank], farmers of Palalda, were in their cabin beside their cherry orchard. Mrs. [Blank] was washing the luncheon dishes when she became aware of an unusual roaring noise outside. She stepped outdoors to see what caused the noise, and saw an enormous vortex of blue and red flames approaching from the north. At an altitude of only ten or fifteen yards above the ground, it was descending toward their vineyard. It had the appearance of a cone of flames, spinning very rapidly but moving forward slowly. Frightened, Mrs. [Blank] called her husband. They watched the flying object together, as it hovered for about a minute at a point 15 feet from the western edge of the field and 15 feet above the ground. The vine shoots near it were violently agitated, and the soil was set spinning in a cloud of dust that seemed to be sucked up toward the object. Throughout, a deafening uproar was emitted. The vortex then resumed its flight southward above the field, but stopped again after traveling 100 yards and hovered 15 to 30 feet above some cherry trees in a hollow, near a bridge. The branches and foliage of these trees were violently whipped about and bent back and forth in every direction, until it seemed that the limbs would be torn off. The cone then resumed its slow course and climbed a hill – keeping about 30 yards above the ground but at the top of the hill rose abruptly into the sky and shot away at prodigious speed toward the southwest.

	No solid “machine” was discerned by the witnesses – nothing but a conical vortex of red and blue “flame”, the point downward, whose diameter at the top was about 15 feet. The size and shape could not be stated precisely, because some of the “flames” emerged in all directions from the whirl, but in general it was conical.

	Where the UFO had hovered in the vineyard, the ground was violently swept about and disordered. The vines were not in the least scorched, although the cone had been only 15 feet above them, so probably the “flames” were not ordinary flames but some form of ionization phenomenon.

	About five yards west of this stopping-point runs a metal fence in a very bad state of preservation, consisting of an irregular wire mesh strung on rusty iron uprights of T-shaped cross-section, interspersed with wooden posts. The only compass showing magnetism was the iron one closest to the stopping-point, which deflected a compass needle by 30°, the effect was noticeable even a foot away from the post. The other iron fence posts – the nearest of which is five yards from the magnetized post – caused no compass deviation at all. This tends to show that something unusual had affected the one first examined. Neither was there any residual magnetism detectable in the ground. These tests were made in the presence of Messrs. Jacques Verpillot, Ouranos investigator from Marseille, and Paul Jaubert, retired magistrate and Ouranos correspondent for Palalda.
	In company with Dr. Marcel Pagès, Ouranos investigator for Pyrenees-Orientales, M. Verpilllot and I visited the police station at Amelie-Les-Bains and informed them of this sighting, playing the taped interview with the witnesses for them. The gendarmes told us that the Basques enjoy an excellent reputation in the community, but expressed surprise that the incident had not been reported to them in the first place. We explained that this was because the witnesses had feared ridicule; this fear had been disarmed by the scientific character of our investigation. We assured the police that, on our request, they were willing to give them a complete report. On May II the police went to the farm to make inquiries.
```