There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

presentation without editing, except in the most minor degree. It is unfortunate that this Report does not contain editing; Chapter 16, entitled "Were Sander's Experiences Psychological?", appears to consist of long letters from this individual to the Hender Mystery Conductor. The correspondence indicates that Sander's opinions on the Bender case are so strange and his content that they view little doubt that they are "rather fanciful" than a reflection of the realities of the case. Sander's personal investigations seem to be largely confirmatory, rather than contributing new facts, reads in parts after my collapse, or rather during it. After the sight that it was a situation like a TV set was was hooked up to the police station, it was told he was told it was the product of a hallucination. Some strange lamps and lamp bulb... The are, however, more lucid letters than this. The consensus of opinion is, as I am willing the truth as he knows it. But perhaps the alleged space people are deceiving him, or perhaps the identity, or giving his views is some erroneous Race... Deros, the Black Brotherhood, Communist agents, and other such groups; One woman writes that on reading the first few pages of the report, she supposed it to be fiction, until the last line or Parker's "Promotion Circulars" is headline "Should You Burn "the Bender Saga 177". Now, how promotion circulars in a book should not, but many readers will surely do a slow burn when they read its sequel.

UIO WARNING by John Stuart (Published by Saucerian Books, Clarksburg, W. Va.)

Although we have long suspected that there is often more than a slight connection between flying saucer phenomena and some sex crimes, we were not sure about this theory until reading John Stuart's "UFO Warning." Mr. Stuart's views, after being expanded somewhat, seem to coincide almost entirely with those of my own group, which consisted of exactly two members - himself and an attractive young lady named Maitland, who spent a great deal of time thinking about the UFO problem. The details of the case are not clear, as she is barely mentioned in the book.

Apparently the lady investigators appeared on the lawn and apparently were unable to move. Just as it seemed about to attack the female half of this organization. It glided downward and hovered close, then suddenly shot away into the darkness. The invisible attackers, it left her body covered with strange scratches, which the doctor claimed came from "claws" rather than human hands. Later in the book, Mr. Stuart says he went away to Auckland and stayed with my old mother, resting my nerves. One wonders in just what way he is underhanding this promotion, and I doubt if many others can either. This is a detective part of the huge mass of jarring data which comes the two enigmas.