This page contains two illustrations of star maps showing different constellations visible in the sky. 

---

266                                                     SCIENCE NEWS LETTER    for October 26, 1957

                                      ASTRONOMY

 Venus Most Prominent

 Venus, the only planet now visible in the evening, is a brilliant object in the sky and will soon be joined by the Leonids, "shooting stars."

 By JAMES STOKLEY

 THAT BRILLIANT object you see in the southwestern sky these evenings as darkness falls is not an airplane, a flying saucer, or some bright light hung in the sky as part of an experiment.

 What you see is the planet Venus, now reaching its greatest prominence, which comes just before its disappearance from the evening sky early in 1958.

 Venus is far brighter than any other star or planet seen in the night sky and there is no difficulty in identifying it. Indeed, it can be observed long before the sky is dark. In fact, if you know where to look, you can even see it in broad daylight!

 After it passed behind the sun last April 14, Venus has gradually been drawing it farther eastward from the sun It will wait

 Toward Pc;,cfember,>w before show ons.

 represent 6eneb low the \~s is crates the ones his and
  Venus
 sky and seen at a distance or the sun and to eini. November the sky for smoother the time the sky mornir toward the east ea
 sketch luminous Lyra, toward Constellation the hy

 Bright Birds in the Sky

 These maps dos, however, showed holidays as the sky of the cross, becoming Altair of east he measure is majimmal, the forming it part toward to sky forms easily region's cast at few fourth magnitude, and the horizon of air moved across its southern skits marked in e position, of dramatic light.

 its less big recogn
 the sky a aster particu star is prominen toward November, and stars is the sun tre on the evening ance meteors from in made rovided the show to east visible

 moving

 in situ
 solamine until
 or indicated
 of map indicate show how relative of thphrases best which ght him to Lyra's which stars, is and hours it over may are in proximity,
  maps that evening before appearing t as in th still the for east upper, the it stars, position cross mation su

 not in Pegasus at all, but in the neighboring group of Andromeda. This constellation represents the Ethiopian Princess who, according to mythology, was chained to a rock to be devoured by a sea monster, represented by the constellation of Cetus, the whale, in the southern sky. Fortunately, she was rescued by her hero, Perseus, who is seen in the northeast.

 Andromeda's mother, Cassiopeia, is seen in the north, a group forming the letter M, above Polaris, the pole star. Alongside her in her husband the king.

 Turning now toward the east, we can see what is generally considered to be the finest constellation in the sky making its debut for the season.

 Orion: Season's Finest

 This is Orion, the warrior, easily recognized because of the three stars in a row that form his belt. To the left is Betelgeuse, to the right is Rigel, both of the first magnitude, although being so low in the sky they do not appear as bright as they will in the coming months. Then you will see them high in the south.

 Just above Orion is Taurus, the bull, with brilliant Aldebaran, and to the left of this figure stands the charioteer, with first magnitude Capella consideration to see e elows Aries brightening the also the hour through Lion: East few at nwhe ly, the future with point
 with in

 Although title
 although becoming saegard tha
 exacerbate moon will his as of the starmer 
 the season, by by the above high before appears at in
 closer that be the needed which wondering h cach se
 that as remember to showing his This is of her in the become f Orion since
 often clear next shows and season or

  magnificently and season

 Although only Venus is now visible in the evening;, two other planets appear in the southeast before sunrise. Brightest of these is Jupiter, in the constellation of Virgo, the virgin. It is close to the bright star Spica. However, it exceeds the star in brilliance.

  Farther east is Mars, rising about an hour ahead of the sun. It brightens as Saturn is the the highlights both to sky visible the in early easier November

  Shower of "St

  November is the of one of these year's famous showers or r of meteors, of or shooting stars, which appears from about November 
