The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report requesting the analysis of a UFO photograph. 

OCR Output:

SUBJECT: Request for Analysis - UFO Photography
TO: AFCIN-3E3	FROM: AFCIN-4A2F	DATE: 15 NOV 57
COMMENT NR 2

1. In analyzing the attached photograph and report of incident by the source, the following facts are evident from a photographic viewpoint:

a. The photograph in question is believed to have been composed or made up by some technical technique. It does not depict an actual aerial phenomena or a painted balloon or is the combination of the two. The object especially noticeable in the photograph is extremely unlikely that the bright light with it's luminance would have been photographed as a part of the object. It is physically impossible that the light shape because, by light theory, any light so bright as that on top of the object would have reflected by the object and distorted the alleged shape because any light so bright as that on top of the object would have reflected by the object and distorted the alleged shape.

b. It is not believed that the object in question were observed or photographed by light reflection from clouds or sky as concluded by investigators but before the inference that object identified with Disney-land have been concluded out, an investigation should be made to see if any of the rides in Disneyland are similar in shape to the object because of the track technique as space in Disneyland could have video the peculiar shape.

c. The copy reproduced in the photograph gives it an unrealistic appearance because of the exposure received below the object and the fact that it does not look like the normal 8" x 10" as exposures of 5/10 of a second at f/4.5 when exposed directly gives the impression is painted by an artist. Also, the graininess will reproduce the stars unless there was a cloud cover; also, the round shape object (moon) at 5 seconds, f/3.5. These exposures tend to disprove exposure data statements made by source.

d. In the report of incident, it is very apparent that the source had either a good working knowledge of photography or else received very experienced opinions when reporting the details of the technical information. Possible in the first paragraph he stated that he advanced film as precaution against double exposure. After reading the report, the reader is left with the impression that the photographer was attempting to cover all inferences that might lead to the thought of double photography.

e. Also inclosed are copy prints and negative print as requested.

ROBERT M. BUCKMASTER
MAJOR, USAF