The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report, specifically the AF FORM 112-PART II document.

OCR output:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
100th Bomb Wing TR-1-57  PAGE 4 OF
The hole edge looked like it had been made with fire or soft coal. The hole appeared to have been made at an angle, with the object approaching from the northeast direction. The object was spherical, silver in color, and apparently about 250 degrees in size. As it approached, it descended to within 2-3 feet of the ground, then climbed to an estimated 1000 ft., crossed over another swamp pond adjacent to the northwest of the pond where the hole was located, then descended rapidly and disappeared in the vegetation on the far bank of the swamp pond.
The dogs appeared to be unhappy and whined and this appeared to be because of the bright flash of light within the head which attracted their attention. Mrs. H--- and her son returned to the hole in the bog and upon close observation they noticed a ring of indentations around the hole, approximately 18 inches in diameter.
Mr. H---apparently cut a hole in the ice and gently touched the object with a fishing pole. He stated that it appeared to be very hot and a reading of 50 to 70 beats directly over the hole.
One mile Mr. X--- related that he was traveling northeast in his car on Haley road about 0830 hours when he saw a bright light hovering over the treetops about 1000 yards distant. The light did not appear to have any particular color other than that of a brilliant flash. It seemed to flare up and then disappear for some seconds and then reappear. This occurred for 5 or 6 times during the 3-4 minute period of the observation. Mr. X--- stated that it was a bright moonlight night.
On 17 March 57, the investigation team went to Cape Anthony, Cape Bluff, 7/54 Sat, McNeil, and 3/54 Jack visited the pond where the object supposedly fell. Examination of the pond showed no disturbance of the water or ice and no trace remained of the hole described by Mr. and Mrs. H---.
On 13 March 57, the investigation team again visited the pond where the object supposedly fell with a geiger counter and found that the highest reading recorded on the geiger counter was 1/100 of a milliroentgen. The investigation team is of the opinion that this reading was indistinguishable from normal background radiation and indicates that no radioactivity above normal remained over the top of the house and disappeared behind the trees. Mr. and Mrs. H--- could not be located to be questioned further regarding the sighting.
In conclusion, the investigation took place 30 days after the sighting. Mr. and Mrs. H--- were unavailable to be questioned and the object could not be found. It appears that this sighting is one of the unreliable type and should be classified as an UNKNOWN.
PAUL J. ANTHONY
Capt, USA
Intelligence Officer