The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from the U.S. Department of Commerce, Civil Aeronautics Administration, regarding two UFO incidents that occurred in July 1957 near Amarillo, Texas and El Paso, Texas. The letter describes the details of the reported sightings and indicates that the administration is establishing a procedure to investigate the results of all civil aeronautics administration investigations involving civilian aircraft and the sighting of unidentified flying objects.

U. S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
CIVIL AERONAUTICS ADMINISTRATION
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

NOV 8 1957

Dear General Watson:

This will acknowledge receipt of your letter, reference number AFOTN-W1, dated October 7, 1957, in which copies of the Civil Aeronautics Administration final report of investigation of two incidents involving unidentified flying objects are requested.

The first incident mentioned occurred on July 22, 1957, near Amarillo, Texas, and involved a flight by a Southwest Airlines flight No. 517. Investigation proved that the unidentified object was another aircraft, which was identified as a U. S. Air Force KC-97 aircraft which was known to be operating in the area at that time.

The second incident mentioned occurred on July 17, 1957, near El Paso, Texas, and involved American Airlines flight No. 654. Investigation of this incident proved that the unidentified object was American Airlines' flight No. 666, which had previously departed from El Paso, en route to Dallas.

Since both incidents, referred to above, have been determined to involve other aircraft, it is assumed that the above information will suffice for your records.

In accordance with your request, we are establishing a procedure whereby authentication will be made of the results of all Civil Aeronautics Administration investigations involving civilian aircraft and the sighting of unidentified flying objects.

Sincerely yours,

(signed)
Roy Keeley, Office of Flight Operations and Airworthiness