The image does not contain any photographs. However, I can provide the text found in the document as requested:

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY) 6 November 1957 Everlitstown, New Jersey.

FROG-EYED - DOG EYED

Among the many remarkable reports dated November 6, 1957, the following almost escaped attention. A physician found told about the German baron who lives in Washington, D.C., and has actively participated in investigating the Hanger 18, called to the witness'attention the incident which took place at Everlitstown, New Jersey.

About dusk on November 6 John Trasco had just returned to his home in Everlitstown, King, the 6-year-old, charcoal-colored, half-blind, bad-tempered Belgian police dog, ran yelling up to the side of the house. Mrs. Trasco, at the kitchen window, heard King barking furiously, and looked out to see a bright light in front of the barn, which at first she thought was a pond or puddle of water (reflecting the last light of the sky). Mrs. Trasco turned on the porch light and looking more closely, saw a luminous shape which she could not identify. Suddenly, this object moved off rapidly, rising straight up and out of sight. Mrs. Trasco hurried out in front of the barn, but the object had already disappeared.

Because of the shrubbery, she did not see the little man that her husband confronted. The little man was 3 feet 4 inches tall, and Mrstrasco described himasseeming to be wearing a graycoverall-type garment with a glove on each elbow. "He had a putty-colored face, a nose and chin, and large protruding eyes." He had a rotlle-like voice. "In a joking and nasty" he spoke to Mr. Trasco: "I'm broken language, as if he came from the other side." What Mr. Trasco thought he said was, "You don't want to know your wife and want your dog." Trasco said he heard his wife, frightened but angry, yell, "Get the hell out of here!" At this the creature 50-answered "She can't - I'm still understanding, since Mrs. Trasco said her husband had seen no door, hole less, or other opening. (He also reposted that it could not have risen so rapidly into the sky, like a jet, due to its small size.)

Trasco off, en shooting straight upand outof sight. Mrs. King, by this time, was standing beside Mr. Trasco, evidently terrified. Happetor asked Mrs. Trasco (when we talked to her): "Did you have to have spoken only to Mrs. Trasco. we should have checked, since there was no other specific statement indicating more than one creature.) and the god, said one kind of the person on the ground, but it remained puzzled. The houses and road opposite the Trascos, and the houses on either side of them were unoccupied.

The couple told no one of their experience, because "we knew no one would believe it." Except, though, when the strange problem returned again exactly a year before, but the Trascos' had not been observed by her report on Hanger. says Mrs. Trasco, "If it happens again I'll probably go away from the place." To Mrs. Trasco added, "But I told John, we should have let them take King. He so half blind and do cross we don't know who else would ever want him." Says King: "Dick never bark like that for a stranger - in fact, I think of him as sort of my child." When the invisible thing passed over the house, Mrs. Trasco says, "They didn't move, as the lights of an airplane do." Plants do."