The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will proceed to transcribe all the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
DAMA-Manilla, Philippines	15-55-53  

1. On February 1957 at 0500 hours, a strange light in the sky over Kisalon, Mindanao (050° - 3.5 miles) was standing in front of his church when he saw an unidentified luminous object approaching. As it came nearer it stopped and hovered over the church, emitting a beam of light towards the ground. The object then moved off and disappeared behind some trees. Mr. Crispin Jaro, an instructor in radio and TV mechanics, witnessed the phenomena and reported it to the authorities.

2. On 10 February the area in question and father of the witness were visited by personnel of the Air Attache office. They gave to the witness father the same information as communicated to us. In addition, he stated that the object appeared to be about 40 feet in diameter, was silvery in color and made no sound. The light beam emitted from the object was directed toward a point on the ground, approximately 300 feet from the witness. The witness stated that he watched the object for about 5 minutes and that the movements were erratic, sometimes hovering and at other times darting rapidly from one position to another. At one time the object disappeared completely and then reappeared in another position. The witness also stated that the object was observed by several other persons in the area and that the local authorities have promised to send a detail to investigate the area and interview those who saw the object.

COMMENTS OF PREPARING OFFICER: 
3. If the positions given by Father Peruzzi are reasonably accurate, it is possible that the object could have been some type of aircraft. The descriptions, however, do not conform to any known aircraft. It is possible that the object was some type of instrument which was being operated in the area as part of a special project. The descriptions of the lights, beam and disappearance and reappearance do not conform to the normal flight characteristics of an aircraft. They have promised to send a detail to investigate the area and interview those who saw the object.

(Signed)
FRED K. PATTERSON
Major, USAF
Assistant Air Attache

UNCLASSIFIED