The image contains a document page with an UNCLASSIFIED header. The document appears to describe an incident that occurred on September 20th, where blips were observed on radar and tracked at speeds between 3,000 to 3,500 knots. The document provides a summary of the technical characteristics and environment surrounding the Montauk target, and notes that the electronic configuration was similar to that of the B-52 type aircraft observed at long range.

UNCLASSIFIED
September incident were related to observe this and they immediately identified the blips as being exactly the same as those observed on 20 September. The variations in ranges were to some degree uniform in their appearance; i.e., the blips would occur at approximately 210 m.m., approach the station at speeds of 3,000 to 3,500 knots for 3 or 4 sweeps then would appear at a different range unacceptable to track coherence. Other scope in the operations room were also displaying these blips. This condition was observed throughout the night by the operations personnel at Montauk. The next morning the transmitter was changed to channel 1 and the condition disappeared. At the request of the NORAD team, on the evening of 26 September, the site changed back to channel 2 and the condition again appeared.
The following is a summary of the most important characteristics of, and technical environment surrounding, the Montauk target, mentioned in 20 September 1957:
At the initial stage of detection, this object's electronic configuration was described as similar to that of B-52 type aircraft when observed at long range, with the exception of its speed. Several sweeps later the electronic configuration of this target changed to that of a smaller object, yet the heading of the target and its aspect remained constant. Normal target returns from conventional or jet type aircraft do not exhibit such radical changes in their size as this target did unless they undergo radical changes in aspect ratio. In fact, it is very difficult for experienced operators to detect changes in target size when the aircraft is at long range.
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS