There are no photographs present in this image, only text.

Here is the OCR text:

---

Source: News Letter for June 29, 1957

ASTRONOMY

Comet’s Tail Explained

THE STRANGE SUNWARD tail of the brightest naked-eye comet since Halley’s, Comet Arend-Roland, consisted of small particles seen edge-on, an American astronomer reports,

Comet Arend-Roland, first sighted last November by two Belgian astronomers, was seen by millions about the end of April sky. It shown brightly in the northwst a conventional one pushed away from the comet's core by sunlight, and a surprising toward the sun. (See SNL, May 11, p. 304.)

Dr. Fred L. Whipple, director of the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory, Cambridge, Mass., says “No extraordinary> theory is needed to to account for the growth of the sunward tail by more than 10, 000,000 miles in a few days and its rapid disspersion. The tail Materally* from the concentration of debris driven out of the comet by the sun’s heat, then strewn over an area in the orbital plane.

When viewed at an angle, Dr. Whipple reports in Nature (June 15), the material could not be observed easily, However, when seen edge-on, as it was when the Earth passed in the plane of the comet’s orbit on April 25, the material showed up clearly as a line of considerable intensity,

The sunward jet of Comet Arend-Roland 22 cloped from a diffuse fan-shsape* on April millions of miles on April 25. By April 29, the jet disappeared because the particles had too far apart to be seen after the earth moved out of the plane of the comet’s orbit.

Dr. Whipple reports that the fine debris 

spread out into the plane of the orbit and seen as the sunward tail was ejected from the comet’s central part or nucleus.

Coments* are believed to be a swarm of small and widely separated solid bodies held loosely together by mutual attraction, a flying gravel bank paying a brief visit to the sun’s vicinity. 

Science News Letter, June 29, 1957

---

Note: Some areas marked with '*' were difficult to recognize perfectly, indicating possible OCR imperfections.