There is no photograph present on this page of the document.

Here is the OCR-transcribed text from the document:

```
ORIGINATING AGENCY       

HQ 1608th ATW (M)
Charleston AFB, S.C.

PAGE
2 OF 6 PAGES

REPORT NO. 

1. In accordance with AFR 200-2, dtd 12 August 1954, the following
UFOD report is submitted.

2. On 15 October 1957, the following information was reported to this
organization:
   
   a. While on a fishing trip, one to two miles ESE of Woods hole,
   Massachusetts, Mr. (Capt.) hit brother
   and three companions sighted an unidentified flying object at 2035Z
   October 1957.

   b. Listed below is data as prescribed in paragraph 7d, AFR 200-2:

(1) Description of object:

   (a) Cylindrical. 
   (b) Nickel. SHARP
   (c) Aluminum. color
   (d) O/W. -
   (f) N/A.
   (h) Trihedral protrusions on front, rear and sides (exact
       number unknown).
   (g) None. -
   (i) None. Many obJects were
                 narrow from no-wingS
   (e) None. 

(2) Description of course of objects

   (a) Capt Mayson sighted object first.
   (b) Overhead (15) degrees to the right.
   (c) Approximately (5) degrees to the right. See Incl #3.
   (d) When first sighted overhead, object appeared to be
       falling at a high rate of speed, it then slowed down
       and began moving comparatively slow to the right,
       then reversed its course and began moving to the
       left at approximately the same speed, then reversed
       its course again to the right and disappeared at a
       high rate of speed. Object appeared to stay at the
       same altitude, after its initial descent, until
       disappearing.
   (e) Object became wavy and blurred before fading from
       view.
   (f) Approximately 20 seconds. 

(3) Manner of observation:

   (a) Ground-visual.
   (b) Binoculars (make and power unknown)
   (c) N/A.
   
(4) Time and date of sighting:

   (a) 2035Z October 1957
   (b) Day.

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the
Espionage Laws, Title 18, U. S. C., Sections 793 and 794. Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law. It may not be reproduced in whole or in part, by other than United States Air Force
```