[handwritten: The air force (ATIC) has been asked to look into the UFO sightings.]

FRONT PAGE OF THE WEEK

A NUCLEAR BLAST
LIGHTS UP THE PACIFIC

The United States launched a missile with a nuclear warhead from Johnston Island in the Pacific August 1. The warhead was detonated "somewhere" high over the ocean.

It was the first high-altitude nuclear explosion--and the first lining of a ground-to-air missile with nuclear warhead to be publicly announced by the United States. But the blast was an antidax that it was "public" even before the announcement.

At Honolulu, 700 miles away, residents were dazzled by "a ball of fire with a definite mushroom effect." Police-station telephone lines were jammed with inquiring calls. The flash was visible from Hawaii Island, 200 miles southwest of Honolulu, to Kauai Island, 100 miles northwest.

American tests at Johnston Island had been described as involving "short-range defensive missiles--a definition that would fit the Redstone, the Nike-Hercules, the Talos, or experimental antimissile missiles.

The August 1 test apparently was part of America's research program aimed at developing a missile that can track down and destroy the Intercontinental ballistic missiles of an enemy. Reportedly, the missile firing was accompanied by firing of a multistage rocket, equipped with instruments to measure explosive effects at an altitude of 100 miles or more.

Before the firing, ships were warned to stay clear of a circle, 250 miles in radius around Johnston Island. By contrast, earlier tests have produced a danger area of only about 75 miles.

STEEL AND ALUMINUM:
PRICES GO UP AGAIN

Another upset turn in the wage-price spiral was threatened last week when steel companies and aluminum producers announced price increases.

Steel companies announced price boosts averaging $4.25 to $4.50 a ton for hot-rolled steel used chiefly in the producers and appliance makers. It takes about 8,500 pounds of steel to make a low-price automobile; about a ton to make a large refrigerator.

The price of steel that goes into other things--orders for construction, drill pipe for oil rigs, tin plate for food containers--has not been raised. But there is concern that these prices may follow the others upward.

Prices of autos and appliances may not go up immediately as a result of the steel price increase, but, according to manufacturers, higher prices to the consumer are "just a matter of time."

Aluminum users face a price rise of seven tenths of a cent per pound, announced by aluminum companies last week. Even with the increased price, pig aluminum will be cheaper than it was last March, before the industry cut prices by 2 cents a pound. Large quantities of aluminum go into carmaking. Both steel and aluminum companies attributed the new price increases to recent wage boosts. On July 1, steelworkers got wage raises and fringe benefits estimated by companies to total 20 cents an hour. Aluminum workers received a similar increase August 1.

AN INVASION PLOT
THAT MISFIRED

An expeditionary force consisting of four Americans and three called Haitian Army officers landed on the coast of Haiti one night last week, bent on overthrowing the Government of President François Duvalier. They seized a truck, drove to the capital, Port-au-Prince, and launched a surprise attack.

Local troops soon rallied and fought back, killing all seven invaders. The revolutionary plot had been hatched, it turned out, by three Haitians and a deputy sheriff in Miami, Fla. When the "war" was over, President Duvalier was voted dictatorial powers, and demonstrators gathered at the American Embassy to protect the U. S. policy of granting asylum to Haitian exiles.

FLYING SAUCERS: FACT OR FANCY?

The idea that people who see flying saucers are "seeing things" now is backed by a famous psychologist. Dr. Carl Jung, 83, says he has been studying reports of "unidentified flying objects" since 1944. His conclusion: "These things are not mere rumor. Something has been seen. A purely psychological explanation is ruled out. . . . The discs . . . show signs of intelligent guidance by quasi-human pilots." The Swiss psychologist's findings clash with those of the U. S. Air Force, which studied 5,700 reports of flying saucers, found no evidence that unidentified flying objects exist.

Dr. Jung's analysis was published by the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (APRO), a private group in Alamogordo, N. Mex. Photo below, released by APRO last week, purports to show an "unconventional aerial object" which hovered over a U. S. missile range Oct. 16, 1957.

[Two photographs shown: left shows a portrait of DR. JUNG; right shows a landscape with what appears to be a distant aerial object]

DR. JUNG                                    A 1957 photograph of a saucer-like "aerial object"
                                           Wide World, UPI

6                                          U. S. NEWS & WORLD REPORT, Aug. 6, 1958