The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report about a UFO incident.

OCR output:

Time later, McClure recalls that he decided to check the ALA-6 against other air defense radars. These reports indicate that the defense command in the Topeka, Kansas, area was informed of the sighting of these L-band radars. (This detail is not included in the original AFSC report.) It would appear from the information available that this checking of the ALA-6 against L-band radars is correct. It would seem that the transient targets checked the ALA-6 against L-band radars is correct.

THE SECOND INCIDENT:
The pilot turned west near Meridian and took up a true heading of 265° on a path toward Waco, during which time the three fighter operators were to check out their equipment, including the ALA-6 gear. At 10:02 the pilot switched to the "air-to-air" ("yellow") frequency for communications in the region. At 10:05, he reported "No contacts," indicating that the ALA-6 gear was working properly and that no unidentified flying objects were detected in front of the aircraft. Suddenly, a white light with light blue tint appeared coming toward the aircraft from the 1 o'clock position. As the pilot and copilot watched, this light seemed to disappear just in front of the aircraft, the airplane disappearing at roughly a 2:30 o'clock position.

The incident is interesting. The luminous object seemed to remain stationary, "hovering," and was first observed to be in the right front quarter of the airplane. This luminous object seemed to remain motionless or practically so. It disappeared and conceivably could have been the "Civil Aeronautic Administration" traffic controllers or from any of the ground control intercept units which were in operation at that time.

Large meteors, or "fireballs," on a near-horizontal trajectory often produce UFO reports, even from experienced pilots. For example, on Dec. 5, 1965, a former Royal Canadian Air Force pilot observed a "large, bright, round object" flying near Pittsburgh, Pa., at 4:15 p.m. (daylight) on Air Canada flight #781. Quoting from his letter: "I was looking out the window toward the west when I saw it. It was a soft pencil-shaped object, flying horizontal at about 70 degrees into the horizon. It traveled at an extremely high speed and seemed to produce no noise whatsoever. I am a former Royal Canadian Air Force pilot from the last war, and I had never seen anything like it before. I reported this incident to the RCAF and forwarded changes in direction and speed."

If this incident had occurred very late at night and/or over a thinly populated area, this particular high-speed object still be unexplainable. However, because she same object reported by this RCAF pilot was also seen and reported by hundreds of people, this UFO is identifiable as a bright meteor. It seems that a number of USAF pilots and other flight personnel have also been witnesses to bright meteor sightings and which was photographed by a man in Michigan who obtained four good pictures.

The RB-47 incident occurred at 5:10 a.m. Central Daylight Saving time. When there would be very ground observers, if any, in the summer of 1957, it was not a surprising circumstance, considering the publicity that the object they had seen might be a UFO, for the commanding officer of the RB-47 would be more UFO reports filed with the USAF in 1957 than in any previous year except 1952.