There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Cows and storm lamps.
We know,through the press the almost official version that has been accredited
to the statements of the Mayor of Beaucourt,Mr. Chatelain. According to this version Mr. Chatelain left his house about 11:30 P.M. carrying a storm lamp to try
and check on his cows (one of them having died) going to the pasture that is next
to his farm and extends up to the intersection of the Beaumont highway route.
This could possibly be the lamp that the witnesses saw as having been the projector of red and white glaring lights,then the same light that they saw in the sky
and the same that the 4 or 5 men that they saw eventually would have been Mr. Chatelain's cows.
Or,we do not want to make remarks on the ridiculous of this situation and its
interpretation.Only a glance at the photographs that we publish here and the
diagrams and the explanations and testimonies of each of the witnesses leads one to
believe that the "cows and storm lamp" version is only one of state of mind.
Let us suppose that an experienced railroad man should confuse ,comparable to the
eye witnesses,that look into the sighting position and signal lamps should confuse
the glare of a projector (floodlight) that blinks on red and white with that of a
small storm lamp? This could not happen and we will not believe it !
Let us add that of the reconstitution that proceeded the night of the famous
storm lamp,in the pasture of Mr. _____, has amply demonstrated the fact that
no confusion was possible inasmuch as that that is related to the intense light and
the color that the trajectory and the speed of take-off that are retrospective of
light has no comparison.
What exactly did Mr. _____?
We asked Mr. _____ for his version of the facts. But to be truthful the
Mayor of Beaucourt does not seem to ever have had any real version of facts !
Without a doubt,and in front of the police,it is true that he pretended to say
that his wife was the onet that had left the house about 10:45 P.M. and 11:20 P.M.