The page contains a single photograph. The photograph shows a text-heavy page from a dated document, with a block of text and the title "Await Brilliant New Comet."

OCR output of the text found in the document:

---

212                  SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for April 6, 1957                                                                                                              

ASTRONOMY

Await Brilliant New Comet

ASTRONOMERS around the world are 
anxiously waiting for their first glimpse
of a comet that may rival or exceed Halley’s
Comet of 1910 in brilliance.

Observers in the Southern Hemisphere
will have the first crack at seeing the comet
as it starts drawing away from the sun
after April 8. Astronomers in the Northern
Hemisphere will have to wait until toward
the end of April for their first look at
Comet Arend-Roland.

Known also as comet 1956 h, it was dis-
covered by S. Arend and M. Roland on
photographs taken at the Royal Observa-
tory, Uccle, Belgium, on Nov. 8, 1956. At
that time, the comet was a diffuse object 
of magnitude 10, too faint to be seen with-
out a telescope. Since then, many obser-
vations have been made by astronomers
around the world, and several orbits have
been computed.
    The magnitude Comet Arend-Roland will
    have when it is again seen is not known
    definitely. Although it is expected to be
    quite bright, predictions of a comet’s mag-
    nitude are notoriously uncertain. Whether
    it will, in fact, make as spectacular a heaven-
    ly display as Halley’s Comet will not be
    known until Comet Arend-Roland is again
    visible.

The reason is that passage near the sun
affects the internal constitution of a comet,
and sometimes a comet brightens much
more than is expected. This was the case
with Halley’s Comet.

The comet is scheduled to reach the point 
in its orbit closest to the sun on April 8, 
astronomers at the U. S. Naval Observatory
in Washington report. At that time, its
distance from the sun will be about 30,000,
000 miles, or about one-third the distance
of the earth from the sun; its distance from 
the earth will be about 85,000,000 miles at 
the same time.
   During March and the first part of April,
    the comet's apparent position in the sky
    will be too close to the sun to permit ob-
    servations. After mid-April, however, the 
    comet will move rapidly northward in the
    sky. Then it will appear very low in the
    northwest sky after sunset, between the
    constellations of Andromeda and Aries, the
    ram.
 Its brilliance will fade rapidly as it climbs
in the sky, and the object is expected to
disappear from naked-eye view by the first
of June, although it will continue to be
visible through a telescope for a few more
weeks.
    On April 22, the comet will be in the
    constellation, Triangulum, the triangle, very 
    close to the position where it was first 
    spotted five and one-half months previously.
Images of the comet have since been
found on photographs taken on Nov. 7,
one day earlier than the original discovery.
These photographs were made by S. Kaho
of the Tokyo Observatory for research con-
nected with variable stars.

Science News Letter, April 6, 1957
