This page of the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed transcript or report detailing various unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings and related incidents.

The Air Force also took the unusual step of referring to specific cases. An AP dispatch dated November 5, 1957 reported that this was because "hundreds received". Was the Air Force, perhaps, practicing publicity and preparing the public for what was to come? We might think that the detailed Washington briefing which followed this episode on November 7, which has been described as one of the most highly classified national security matters, may have something to do with this. 

Of the five cases "looked into," one could be promptly dismissed as a hoax (the Schmidt case); Keyhoe summarized Rev. Gill's case as concluded the Air were were either (a) exaggerations, or (b) misunderstood natural phenomena. What about the other three cases discussed?

One car motor and radio was identified as a natural electric phenomenon called "St. Elmo's Fire." Apparently the technical investigators who came to Levelland to investigate were convinced that all the effects could be explained by this phenomenon. But others remain unconvinced that this satisfactory explains all the details. The investigators said that nothing else could be identified. And did anyone's satisfaction examine these phenomena once the light departed? And did anyone's satisfaction examine these phenomena once the light departed? The investigators said that they could find no evidence at the site of anything unusual except the trampled WEEDS; no dents, scorched earth, or other tangible effects, were found to support the claims.

The investigators said further (note that plural) that they could find only three welldefined photographs, and that these three were found to be hoaxes. The article is unclear, but it seems to suggest that the Air Force may have concluded the Levelland incident was an hoax, or at least could not be satisfactorily explained.