There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED (SECURITY INFORMATION WHEN FILLED IN)
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
ORIGINATING AGENCY: DEC. 31, 1956 - ATS
REPORT NO.: AFOO3-57
PART: Seven 
PAGE: 9
Comments of the Preparing Officer:
1. The opinion of the Preparing Officer is that these objects were probably caused by reflecting surfaces and were not the result of all sources who visually observed objects stated that there was a resemblance to filtering balloons used in commercial aircraft.
2. Statements made by United Air Lines that it was possible that three of their flights could have been in the area at the time of the sighting.
The fact that the object was observed by radar indicates that the flashing lights observed were being carried by a visible capable of strong reflecting surfaces.
Comments of Reviewing Officer:
1. The reviewing officer concurs in the opinion of the Preparing Officer that this sighting was probably caused by reflecting surfaces and was not the result of any unconventional aircraft.
2. The opinion is based on the following:
a. The objects were generally observed from north to west. This area is the direction of the nearest commercial air routes.
b. The objects were observed to move at a rate comparable to commercial aircraft operating in that area.
c. The presence of the objects was not confirmed by other radar sites in the area, as would normally be expected if the objects were unconventional aircraft.
3. Therefore, it is the opinion of the reviewing officer that this sighting was probably the result of reflecting surfaces, such as balloons or aircraft, and does not represent evidence of unconventional aircraft.
Possibly Balloon Evaluation:
The national defense of the United States could be adversely affected if information concerning the national defense of the United States was divulged. Therefore, the identity of the individuals involved in this incident will not be revealed.