The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document titled "INVESTIGATORS INSTRUCTION SHEET (Sky Diagram)" that provides instructions and guidelines for observing and recording objects in the sky.

INVESTIGATORS INSTRUCTION SHEET
(Sky Diagram)

A. General:
1. The diagram represents all of the sky normally visible to the observer, who is pictured standing under the "zenith" of the sky. It is designed to allow a three-dimensional view of the area centered around the observer at the time of the UFO sighting.
2. The position of any object in the sky can be described by giving its elevation, or angle upward from the horizon, and its bearing or angle along the horizon, eastward from north.
3. Illustration: Elevation is 0 degrees for an object on the horizon, and 90 degrees for the point directly over the observer (zenith). Thus, an object halfway up from the horizon to the zenith has an elevation of 45 degrees.
4. Bearing (or "azimuth") is the angle along the horizon, starting from north and moving clockwise on the object, directly toward the east. No matter what its elevation is above the horizon, an object in the south has a bearing of 180 degrees, toward the west, 270 degrees, and so on. North is, of course, zero.

B. Plotting the Course of an Object on the Sky Diagram:
1. The path of an object across the sky can be shown completely on this diagram simply by connecting the various positions the object successively occupies (see example sheet). To aid visualization, the path on the western side of the sky is represented by broken lines; the eastern side in solid lines. Direction of the object is indicated by arrows. The duration of the observation can be indicated by indicating the time at various intermediate positions.
2. The diagram can be made more effective, investigative and analytical tool by marking the lines (showing the path of the object) thicker or thinner to indicate any varying brightness of the object observed. This is especially valuable while the object appears only as a moving light at night. Thus, if a light becomes brighter and then gradually fades, it can be represented by a line becoming increasingly thicker and then gradually thinning out to nothing.
3. Use of colored pencils is especially recommended if the object changes color or hue during the sighting.