There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document titled "THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN" dated March, 1959.

Transcription of the text:

THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN
Published by 
THE AERIAL PHENOMENA RESEARCH ORGANIZATION
(A.P.R.O.)
Alamogordo, New Mexico, U.S.A.

Copyright 1959, Coral E. Lorenzen

Information and subscribers application may be 
obtained by writing A.P.R.O. headquarters as
follows:
Coral E. Lorenzen, (Internal Director and Editor)
A.P.R.O., 4145 E. Desert Place, Tucson, Arizona, U.S.A.
Assistant Director and Associate Editor: L.J. Lorenzen
Public Relations Director: Gerald H. Clark
Leonard H. Stringfield, Director of Research, Data,
 Collection, Cincinnati, Ohio
J. Esther Duffel, Photographic Consultant
Other Special Representatives

(The following listed individuals participate in the solution to problems and assist their areas in vigorous investigative efforts in the areas indicated following their names.)

Dr. OLAVO T. FONTES, M.D ...Brazil
K. GOSTA REHN, Dr. Med ... Sweden
PAUL FRIEDRICH KUNKEL, D. Sc. ... Germany
GRAHAM CONWAY ... Eastern Canada
RICHARD BRENNAN ... Australia
SERGIO ROBBA ... Italy

SECOND ALASKA SIGHTING 
IN THREE WEEKS

On the 17th of February a "flame-colored" object, circular in shape, hurtled through Alaskan skies over Unalakleet and St. Michael about 150 miles apart. Sighting reports came to APRO Headquarters via the Associated Press from the Alaskan area shortly after the object was observed. In the general area of the object, a scant amount of physical description of the object was sent on the initial story.
As this sighting followed closely on the heels of the North American Air Defense Command established radar trackings of unidentified objects moving in space over Alaska early on the 15th, it seems likely that at least one object was seen on Saturday the 17th which triggered the initial story. 
The NORAD (CONAD) spokesman said that several unidentified objects were moving in space immediately after the first sighting, and some observers said that they saw an object which was sighted at Unalakleet also move in a southeasterly direction, disappearing from view. 

RAAF Statement on 
Gill Sightings
The following is the text of a letter from Squadron Leader Peter Norris of the RAAF to a correspondent dated 11th December 1954 in regard to the Gill Sightings (Appendix to Bulletin, Supplement No. 10): 
"An officer of this Headquarters has investigated the 'Gill sightings' of New Guinea, and copies of his findings have been submitted to the proper authorities. 
"The view held is that the objects sighted were a meteor. This conclusion is based on the fact that the objects were observed to approach and depart the horizon at a high rate of speed and in almost vertical ascent and descent, resembling in many ways the characteristics of the passage of a large meteor. 
"The fact that the objects were observed by a number of independent observers tends to confirm the supposition that an unusual phenomenon was involved. However, the fact that the objects were of indefinite shape and the difficulty in estimating their size and distance tends to lead to the conclusion that they were a large meteor rather than structured craft.
"The report concludes that while the sightings are not considered to be of extraterrestrial origin, they may be of considerable scientific interest and importance from the point of view of upper atmosphere research and the study of meteor phenomena."

Agencies in Disagreement 
On Mystery Lights
A series of lights seen over Texas in the past week, according to Air Force officials, were probably aircraft lights. Meanwhile, the National Space Agency said the lights were believed to be a satellite that fell back to earth and burned up in the atmosphere.
The lights were seen as far south as Key West, Florida, and as far north as Washington D.C. Air Force officials in Washington said the lights they believe were caused by aircraft were reported to the Defense Department.
The National Space Agency confirmed the fact that some kind of picture-taking satellite around the moon was expected to fall into the earth's atmosphere in March.