There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed document from Project Blue Book, an unclassified document that discusses internal actions taken to strengthen ATIC (Air Technical Intelligence Center) support of the UFO program. The text in the document has been provided below:

UNCLASSIFIED
analyze type information as soon as public press, radio, and television releases have been made. In many cases in the past this pressure for information has built up to Congressional inquiries prior to ATIC having the basic information from which a decent appraisal of the sighting could be made.

(6) In numerous instances in the past UFO sightings that have drawn a great amount of public interest (have been publicized widely in the press, on radio, television, etc.) have never been officially reported to ATIC. Invariably it is this type of case that is used by the UFO organizations to point up the inadequacy of the job the Air Force is doing. Furthermore, they bring these same cases up time and time again in an effort to force us to reveal our findings because they know full well that we have none. When a reply comes back that the particular case cited has never been officially reported to the Air Force it strengthens their case that they're doing a better job for the country than the Air Force supported by their taxes, ad infinitum.

4. In order to strengthen ATIC support of the UFO Program, I have directed some internal actions which should minimize certain existing deficiencies. These are:

a. Development of a small but competent trained and equipped group of investigators within ATIC to provide supplementary investigative capability in those cases involving keen scientific or public interest.

b. Established arrangements wherein ATIC investigators may move to and from Air Force installations nearest scene of sightings rapidly using GIT aircraft and crews.

c. Preparation of an SOP addendum to AFR 200-2 which will guide base level and other investigators in seeking out the facts we need to properly evaluate a UFO sighting. This SOP will be coordinated with ... [redacted].

UNCLASSIFIED