There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text describing "Charts of Predicted Satellite Positions" by Jean B. Fairman and George Vels.

The text output is as follows:

Charta of Predicted Satellite Positions
by
Jean B. Fairman* and George Vels**

In an effort to provide more information in forms immediately useful, without considerable computation, for observers in the U.S. and generally understandable to the general public, we have made our prediction data available on a daily basis in maps and schedules, more than on a monthly basis as many magazines and newspapers have done, The primary purpose of this mail is the primary schedules and maps.

1. Visibility Maps

The first of these additional distribution operations was our production for the newspapers, with occasional requests made for the newspaper distribution showing us. The distribution through this additional distribution has been to encourage the publishing of these maps and/or satellite predictions on a daily basis by the papers both for the specific information as our many observers and for general interest of the general readers, as a supplement to the sometimes delayed and inaccurate public announced by the Astronomical data which may have been issued up by the government for distribution.

Although their correspondent reports a general lack of interest among subscribers, a sample of these maps is shown following this section.

These map contains all visible passes of the satellite to a period of a given interval of brilliantélight period of a few days. Past the time, location and direction of the pass relative to the observer, who can locate himself easily on the map. The maps are designed to appear as simple as possible, with straight lines briefly applying the meaning of the outlines (omitted in the samples).

*Computer, Optical Satellite Tracking Program, Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory
**Consultant, Optical Satellite Tracking Program, Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory.