There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The page contains a map of Trinidad Island and text describing a UFO sighting incident that occurred there.

Text output from the document:

MARCH, 1960 THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN PAGE 5

UAO SIGHTINGS OVER TRINDADE

By Dr. W. H. Teed, M.D.

THE "ALMIRANTE SALDANHA" INCIDENT:

In early January, 1958, while on a routine scientific study of the South Atlantic area off Rio de Janeiro's coast, a Brazilian naval ship, the "Almirante Saldanha", approached Trindade Island with a crew of forty officers, scientists and photographers. That ship had been previously converted into a hydrographic and oceanographic research vessel under the direct control of the Brazilian Navy's Hydrography and Navigation Division of the Brazilian Navy, and was making a study of the tides, currents and the geography of the island. Most of them connected with the Navy's oceanographic studies which were underway at the island. One passenger aboard was Dr. W. H. Teed, M.D., a medical officer in the Brazilian Navy Ministry. In the course of the studies, several UAO's were observed.

On January 16, 1958, at 12:23 p.m., the island station of the Naval Ministry received a message that a strange object had been sighted over the island and the ship had made several attempts to photograph it. According to the witnesses, a strange silvery object was sighted simultaneously by a number of observers, including the captain, officers, scientists and photographers aboard the ship. As the object approached the island at a high speed, hovered briefly over a peak, disappeared behind the island for a short time, and then appeared again over the water and disappeared, Mr. Barauna was able to take several photographs of it.

According to the witnesses, the UAO appeared as a bright metallic object with a revolving dome, approximately 12-15 meters in diameter. It approached the island at a high speed, hovered briefly, and then disappeared behind the island. When it reappeared it was travelling at a high speed and disappeared.

Several civilians were aboard the ship at the time, including the Navy's complement of scientists. Those scientists who were familiar with aerial photographic studies which were underway at the island, showed particular interest in the object. One scientist aboard, Mr. Almirante Saldanha, a Navy photographer, was able to take the first photo which was later confirmed and included in official Navy records. As a matter of interest, Saldanha was later a member of the Itamaraty Astronomical Commission, the Brazilian equivalent to our Smithsonian Institute, when the ship returned to Rio. I was unable to obtain further details at that time, as the ship immediately returned to Rio, our team a government employee at the base here had all other requests for further information.

"Barauna's Report"
Mr. Almirante Barauna who was the real photographer who took the photographs of the UAO, stated that the object was a metallic, brilliantly lighted one, approximately 12 to 15 meters in diameter and had a revolving cupola or dome. Barauna stated that when he first sighted the object, it was approaching the island at a tremendous speed from the sea. It then hovered briefly over the mountain top, and then dived behind the island. According to Barauna, the object was intelligently controlled. He described it as a definite machine, and stated that he was able to observe its performance, control and intelligently directed maneuvers. Barauna was very positive in his statements and stated that the object was definitely not a meteor, rocket, or any type of known aircraft. The Brazilian Navy fully confirmed Barauna's report and included the photographs in their official files.