There is no photograph present in the image provided. Instead, the image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

Set 1/4, Card 5/8
1) That the luminosity which this object emits is phenomenon difficult to explain due to its peculiar characteristics.
2) That taking into consideration its luminosity and the sound which it sometimes produces, this could be the same thing which appeared on the afternoon of the same day.
3) That the sound as well as something similar to sparks or bubbles which were emitted on certain paths would be phenomenon produced by a special type of propulsion which has not been created by man up to this date.
4) That everything which has been reported in this connection has the characteristics of an unidentified flying object although it is similar to the "UFO-FIGHTERS" observed by the pilots in the second world war.

NOTES:
The pilots of both sides reported, after returning from fighter and bomber missions, that strange trails of different sizes and colors could accompany the movements of the flying objects, and that the opinion of the military authorities was that it concerned a secret weapon of the opposite side. But after the war this was contradicted and such phenomena continued.

Set 1/4, Card 6/8
10) That the observation of Mr. ---- and family is a different case within the same day as 11) that evidently that which occurred to these persons happened at the same time as 11) has been discussed.
12) That the object seen by the mission with a field of action more reduced than that of the other unidentified was fulfilling some specific mission within a field of action and for the topographical characteristics of the place in which the facts occurred this can be rigorously observed, it is possible to observe what occurred. It is necessary to point out that the tremendous luminosity of the phenomenon observed and the maneuvers of the luminosity give rise to the suspicion that the object may have been performing a special mission.
13) That there are antecedents in different parts of the world, especially in the United States and in Brazil, which respect to the annunciations verified which is to the same characteristics of those called flying objects and confirmed by the observers (Mr. ---- and family) confirms such statements.