There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UNCLASSIFIED

2. b. During the year ending 1 November 1959, 1,069 sightings of UFO's were reported to ATIC. One hundred and ten of these were foreign sightings. Three sightings, 252, approximately 20%, or 192, should have been investigated further by trained and equipped observers, because of factors that indicate a possible unknown from the standpoint of military data collectors (this does not exist to classify them otherwise).

c. Forty-nine (49) UFO organizations (See Tab A) exist in the United States indicating self-proclaimed experts whose activities and efforts of various individuals and agencies such as NICAP, CISP, and others, are sometimes a deterrent to the Air Force, its investigations, and its ultimate evaluation of reported sightings. These organizations and for the most part individuals, are well equipped, and do in fact conduct a very comprehensive, although biased, field investigation. (These comments clearly result in some doubt being cast on such organizations as Mr. Haber (See Tab C) for reasons known only to him, take advantage of every opportunity to indite others).

d. The people reporting UFO's are for the most part honest and reliable, and in no way do they invite ridicule or attention such as an publicity seeker would. The way in which the average person is brought to the attention of eminent authorities, such as Mr. Townsend, Assistant to the Assistant Director of the Research and Engineering, who recently reported a sighting from the Washington, D. C. area. These people feel strongly about what they see and report sightings in a strictly patriotic interest. A prompt investigation, sound analysis, and accurate reports dealing with their findings have shown that aircraft, astronomical phenomena, balloons, birds, etc. account for a large portion of their observations. However, a small percentage remain unidentified and unidentical to the factors mentioned. These require a slopppy investigation, evaluation based upon inadequate facts, and subsequent efforts to discredit their observations and subsequent endeavors by the various UFO organizations.

3. In light of the background information provided above these deficiencies take on their proper importance:

a. Investigations conducted by various Air Force installations in many cases (and particularly those maintaining close observation or landing of UFO's) are inadequate to serve our needs for prompt and accurate evaluation. This is apparently so for these reasons:

UNCLASSIFIED