The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
CASE NO. 10-UFO-1-58 
EXHIBIT 3 OF 10 PAGES

Battery "B" Evaluation: The consensus of several enlisted men and two officers of Battery "B" describe the observation of a reddish orange object. This was on Jan 25, 1958, Derwood, Md. The three officers and several men recall all details about the observation in their mind and made notes. The object was described as round, slightly flattened on the trailing side. It appeared bright red or reddish orange. The object was observed for about 10 to 15 seconds before it disappeared from view. The observations made by Sgt. Harris are bone fide.

V. NARRATIVE OF OBSERVATION BY PVT SCANLON

1. Personal Data: 
a. Name: SCANLON, Jerome A.
b. Rank: Pvt (E-2)
c. Serial Number: US 51412562
d. Organization: Battery "B", 4th Missile Battalion, Deerwood, Md.

2. Narrative:
Pvt Scanlon was on guard duty at the main gate to the IPG area at approximately 22/0005Z Jan 25, 1958. As he approached the gate, he observed an orange reddish object at about forty (40) degrees elevation from the horizontal described earlier. The object was observed for about thirty (30) seconds while it remained essentially stationary. The object then started to accelerate and continued in a level flight for approximately ten (10) seconds. The object then made an abrupt turn and appeared to come out of sight. The object as being almost round, slightly flattened on the trailing side. The consistency on the background was a dark color. With the distance from the observer and the size of the object, the approximate size of the object was estimated to be one and one quarter (11/4) miles in diameter. The object while in level flight appeared to emit a brilliant light. When it commenced to accelerate the light appeared to dull down. When the object altered course, it gave the appearance of being slightly oval in shape, still reddish orange in color. As the object accelerated, it appeared to and on the ground at a point about one and one quarter (11/4) miles from Pvt Scanlon's position. The object appeared to make contact with the ground and there was an intense glow prior to the object disappearing from view. There was no visible trail or exhaust observed during the flight, but they instantly lost their glow as they broke away. There was no visible indication that the object landed. Pvt Scanlon observed a continuous, fluctuating, and intense white light on the ground, at the point where the object appeared to have contacted the earth. This light continued in intensity and appeared to come from the same azimuth as the point where the flying light had descended. Pvt Scanlon did not get close enough to investigate the ground area where the light was observed.