There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

THE NAVY MINISTRY 
THE HIGH COMMAND
6 February 1958
INTERNAL COMMUNICATION-
CONFIDENTIAL
No. 0039 (M-20)
Subject: Trindade Island Oceanographic Post.
1. I am reporting to Your Excellency the information and conclusions obtained by the Intelligence Service, with respect to the phenomena observed several times in the Trindade Island.
2. It is my opinion that the facts make necessary a very careful investigation, so I suggest that Your Excellency follows the following procedures:
a) To order an exhaustive investigation over the island (it would be better if this task were entrusted to one or more officials of any UAO);
b) To order the installation of vigilance and registration staff on the island, to permit the observation in all directions of any abnormal phenomenon.
c) To recommend to the garrison to receive all visitors (UAOS) and register anything being sighted in connection with the subject, making every effort to obtain photographs.
d) To determine that, when UAOS are sighted, the following instruments will be used for observation and registration: cameras, binoculars, radar, magnetic needles, electric lights, internal combustion engines.
e) To establish a system of communication to the Navy High Command for the results obtained, and measures taken by the High Command.
OBSJGB 
43/58
No. 0039 (M-20)                  13 February 1958
C O N F I D E N T I A L
From: The Chief of the Navy High Command.
To: The Commander for Intelligence and Navigation
Subject: Trindade Island Oceanographic Post.
Reference: Your communication No. 0039 of 6/2/58.
1. I bring to your knowledge that the Chief of the Navy High Command has received over the radio a communication No. 605 of 14/2/1958, from the Chief of the Navy High Command to the Commander of the Trindade Island Oceanographic Post, on the same subject.
2. The information referred to was taken personally at this time by the Corvette-Captain Carlos Alberto Ferreira Boscoli, who was the Commanding Officer of the Oceanographic Post at the time when the phenomena was observed.
3. The report states that there is a number of witnesses, who they have sighted unknown objects, sometimes over and sometimes on the Trindade Island.
4. The report also presents the lack of technical resources (as mentioned in your communication) which were presented as insufficient, mostly due to the lack of technical skill of many observers and to the brief duration of the phenomena observed to that no conclusion can be reached about the UAOs.
5) That the most important and valuable evidence presented, the photographs published in the newspapers, proved to be impossible to observe the previous phenomena.
6) That the emotional reaction of the observers who have reported the sighting of UAOs is very strong and easily noticed.
7) Taking these conclusions admitted by this High Command into consideration, I would like to recommend to Your Excellency to determine to the Commander of the Trindade Island Oceanographic Post, to better observe the garrison started in that island, making every effort to obtain, by any means, photographs and more data that can serve as evidence of the existence of unidentified aerial objects.
Antonio Maria de Carvalho Flores-Admiral, Chief of the Navy High Command.
EMBASSY OF THE
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Office of the Assistant Naval Attaché
Rio de Janeiro
21 February 1958
In reply refer to
DD Subjects Navy Informations
On 18 January 1958 the High Command referred to Luis Phelipe Pinto da Luz, DD Subjects data information.