The image contains a map showing the constellations and their relative positions in the night sky. The map is labeled "Constellations Shine" and includes information about upcoming astronomical events, such as solar eclipses and the transit of Mercury.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

Constellations Shine
As they grow brighter, constellations often occur to come, including tive solar eclipses and one lunar eclipse (1958. 1959, 1960. 1961. 1962). Mars as it approaches the earth from its distant orbit is expected to be unusually bright. By JAMES STOKLEY 
The present interest in space travel and other matters concerning the universe has naturally increased public awareness of the nightly drama displayed in the skies overhead. While most people are familiar with the major constellations such as the Big Dipper, Orion, and the Southern Cross, there are many other groupings of stars which are known to astronomers and others interested in the heavens.
During the coming months, several interesting astronomical events are due to occur which may attract the attention of many persons. These include five total solar eclipses and one total lunar eclipse.
Aldebaran, Bull's Eye
The brilliant star Aldebaran, which marks the eye of the Bull, Taurus, will be an object of special interest during the next few months. This star will be close to the moon on several occasions, and on the night of October 6-7 it will actually be occulted, or covered over, by the moon as seen from certain parts of North America. The moon will pass in front of the star, hiding it from view. This particular event will be visible in the eastern part of North America.
Occultations of stars by the moon are not uncommon, but the bright star Aldebaran is more frequently involved in them than most. This is due to the path the moon follows across the sky, which takes it near Aldebaran at fairly frequent intervals.
Tho total solar eclipse of the sun will occur on October 2. This is visible in parts of Europe and Africa. In the United States the eclipse will be partial, with the moon covering only a portion of the sun's disc. The path of totality will cross the southern part of Europe and Africa.
Tested Eclipse of the Sun
The next total eclipse of the sun will occur on February 15, 1961. This is visible with the moon completely covering the sun. The path of total eclipse will cross the southern part of the United States, just missing the northern border. People living in a wide arc from eastern Texas to the Carolinas will have a chance to see the moon completely cover the sun, transforming day into night for a brief period.
SYMBOLS FOR STARS IN ORDER OF BRIGHTNESS