The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report document.

AF FORM 112—PART II
APPROVED CJUNE 1956

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: (CAPTAIN) 25R3 air FORCE CROUP
ORGANIZATION Uccallsburg, Indianana IAFB, IND. 29 Sept. 58
TO:
SUBJECT: Air Intelligence Information Report
PAGE 1 OF PAGES

1. On the morning of 29 September 1958 between 0325 and 0420 hours, there were three sightings made of unidentified flying objects which were reported to the Security Control Center, Indianapolis, Indiana. 
2. The first sighting was made at approximately 0325 hours by a Patrolman of the City Police. He reported that he saw two pale blue, circular objects hovering over an area about a quarter mile west of the city limits. The objects were observed for about two minutes and then suddenly shot straight up and disappeared at a high rate of speed. The observer was about 500 yards from the objects.
3. The second reported sighting was made at approximately 0420 hours by a resident who lives in a rural area about 5 miles east of the city. He observed an object which he described as a "yellowish-red fireball" traveling from east to west at a low altitude. This object was observed for about 10 minutes before it disappeared from view.
4. The third sighting was made by a State Police Observer who was traveling north on Indiana State Highway 101. The observer, Sergeant ______________, saw an object, which he described as a "large, round, luminous white object", hovering over some trees near the roadway. The observer was traveling at a speed of approximately 60 mph and observed the object for about 20 seconds before it disappeared in the air. The object appeared to be about 50-60 feet in diameter. The observer stated that it gave off a bright, white light and that he could clearly distinguish the circular outline of the object. 
5. A field trip was made by helicopter to the area mentioned in paragraph 4. However, nothing unusual was noted and no further evidence was obtained. It is felt by the investigating officer that there was definite ly something in the area, however no cause will be ventured as to what it was or where it came from.