The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, consisting of text describing the contents and details of this particular collection.

The subsequent sections of this collection have been prepared individually by members of the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory who are actively working in this particular field. This is a factual and informative account of the respective aspects of the Smithsonian Institution Astrophysical Observatory, with regard to overall ground optical tracking program, the orbital data and results which we have been able to obtain with regard to satellites 1957 Alpha, 1958 Beta One, and 1959 Gamma.

The main-stay of the optical tracking program is the worldwide network of precision photographic stations. Each observing station is equipped with a 20-inch aperture, f/1 camera designed especially for the photographic tracking of artificial earth satellites. The optics for these cameras were designed by Dr. James Baker and constructed under the supervision of the Optical Corporation.

The system provides spherical surface in combination with a 31-inch concentric spherical mirrors, providing a usable field of 30°. The motor-driven mechanical drive provides sustained tracking of a satellite, and the film frame, in cyclical exposure, is designed so that many individual photographs can be obtained during a satellite pass, with the mechanical system designed by Mr. Joseph Nunn and fabricated by Boller and Chivens, Inc., all of South Pasadena, California.

The urgency imposed upon the optical tracking program by the launching of the artificial satellite made it desirable to expedite the construction of the stations and to conduct the auxiliary camera tests to go into operation before the arrival of the Baker-Nunn cameras. Through the excellent cooperation of the Ballistic Research Laboratory, we have obtained the use of two SM-8 (Small Missiles) Askania Theodolites, together with additional equipment necessary for the initial observations.

The full complement of Baker-Nunn cameras is expected to be in operation by mid June, thus making possible the completion of any smaller gaps in the tracking network. As discussed by Karl G. Henize in his report, the full complement of Baker-Nunn cameras is expected to be in operation by mid June.