The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page does not contain any photographs, but rather contains text and handwritten notes.

Now, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the output of all the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
4. Investigation revealed that a railroad track ran near the home of Mrs. she stated that the night of the incident she had seen a light of some sort go past her house, she stated this light passed her house in approximate the same hour of the incident, but she could not associate this light as being related to the incident in any way. Contact was also made with Chief Redun G. State William Dauch of Sheffield Lake, Ohio who stated he had no information concerning the sighting of the strange aerial objecv and that the residents of the area were not the object of attention of another ship, and that the light was directed toward shore in the general direction of the hoan. Ohio,  the reported to Mrs. he could not recall anything unusual concerning the incident on the night of the sighting. The matter of the identification of the object was a misty rain with haze and smoke. 
5. The air Force investigators as being nervous, emotional and impressionable at times during the interview. The investigators found no evidence and gave other indications of a satisfactory explanation for this incident.
6. Mrs. admitted that the letter and report which she sent to the Air Technical Intelligence Center was prepared by USAF personnel. The opinion of the Air Force investigators and shared by the ATIC that this individual had considerable influence upon both the letter and the investigation.
7. Investigation further disclosed that Mrs. received letters from unidentified UF0 reporting concerning her experience. These letters are all written in a tone of encouragement to Mrs. and all directed toward discrediting the U.S. Government in the matter. Thermofax copies of these letters are inclosures to this correspondence.
8. The information from the Air Technical Intelligence Center indicates that the data includes a combination of moving lights, noise of the train, prevailing weather and emotional conditions of the witness. The witness according for for the illusion observed based on data from the Air Technical Intelligence Center after evaluation of the evidence in this case.
- Mrs. original letter and report to the Air Technical Intelligence Center is also an enclosure to this correspondence. This letter requires an answer directly to Mrs.