The image contains two diagrams at the bottom, showing star constellations and their relative positions. These diagrams are presented as two maps labeled "June North" and "June South," outlining different constellations visible in the northern and southern hemispheres respectively. The constellations are marked with differing symbols that indicate the stars' brightness levels.

**Complete OCR text output:**

---

33

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for May 24, 1958

ASTRONOMY

Saturn and Jupiter Visible

Three bright stars now seen in the eastern sky will become even more prominent in upcoming months. June 21 marks official beginning of summer in Northern Hemisphere.

By JAMES STOKLEY

BRILLIANT JUPITER, to the south, and Saturn, conspicuous although it is less than a sixth as bright, are two of the principal objects seen in the June evening sky. Both of these planets are shown on the accompanying maps, which depict the heavens as they stand about 10:00 p.m., your own kind of look above time (add one hour for daylight saving time) at the first of June, or an hour earlier at the middle of the month.

The stars are made background against which the man-made earth satellites can be seen as they flash briefly along their ways, Jupiter is in the constellation of Virgo, the virgin, and just across the brightest stars in that group, Spica. On the astronomical brightness scale, Spica is classed as a maenial 0.92, but Jupiter is now minus 1.8, which is about 12 times as bright. Saturn, in Ophiuchus, the serpent-bearer, is of 1.2 magnitude brightness, with magnitude 0.2.

A little to the right of Saturn yours, we see Scorpius, the scorpion, with Antares, at its bright star that is distinctly red in color. And over in the west, to the right of Virgo and Scorpio, low in the northwest regions and Denebola, The twin, and Aruviga, parts of Gemini, are still visible. Pollux and the Chariot, first magnitude stars in these groups, appear much fainter because they are close to the horizon and there is so much absorption of their light by the earth's atmosphere.

Bright Stars in East

In the east you will find three bright stars that will become even more prominent during the coming months. These are Vega, in Lyra, the lyre; Deneb, in Cygnus and the Swan, which is just below Lyra; and Altair, in Aquila, the eagle, to the right of Cygnus.

Another name for the swan is the Northern Cross, which is now seen in a partially inverted position, for Deneb is at the head of the cross.

The Great Dipper, part of Ursa Major, the great bear, stands high in the northnext. Dubble and Mizar, the "pointer" stars in the bowl of the dipper, are below; if you follow them to the right, you come to Polaris, the pole star in Ursa Minor, the lesser bear. The dipper's handle forms a saundite to move through Aliazu ursa. If you allow its curve, placement stars, Mizar and Alkaid, toward the south, you come to brilliant Arcturus, in Bootes, continuing still farther, turning just to Scorpio and Jupiter.

In June, although Mercury is too close to the sun to be seen, Venus and Mars are visible later in the night. Mars comes up about three hours ahead of the sun. Its brightness is almost as much as that of Saturn, and its red color makes it easy to identify. It is now in Pisces, the fishes.

Venus, nearly five times as bright as Jupiter, is in Taurus, the bull, rising about two hours before the sun.

On June 21 for the sun will reach its fervent north position the sun will reach. This event, which marks the beginning of summer in the Northern Hemisphere, is called the summer solstice. It occurs at 4:57 p.m., EST. At that moment the sun will be directly over a point in the Pacific Ocean, on the Tropic of Cancer, and some 500 miles north of Japan.

Jupiter's Motion Visible

With Jupiter so close to Spica, a star that occupies a fixed position in the sky, the movement of the planet is readily seen. If you have been watching it during recent months, you will have noticed that it has been moving westward among the stars since Feb. 15. This is called its "retrograde," or backward, movement. Actually Jupiter, like the earth and all the other planets, is going around the sun in the same direction, which is from the west to the east. But the nearer a planet is to the sun, the higher its speed. The earth's mean velocity in the orbit is 18.5 miles per second, compared with 8.1 mph for Jupiter.

Since February, both earth and Jupiter have been in about the same direction from the sun. With the earth's greater speed, it has pulled past the outer planet, however. Viewed against the background of distant stars, therefore, Jupiter has seemed to move backward, toward the west. In the same way, if you were traveling on an express train and pass a freight train on the next track, the slower freight train may seem to be going on the way, even though actually it is moving in the same direction that you are. On Feb. 15 the earth will have passed Jupiter. By June 19 it will begin to pull away and Jupiter will resume its usual, direct, celestial motion among the stars.

Astrology for the news goes Saturn, which is opposite the sun and close to the earth (899,000,000 miles away) on June 13. Secondly, it has moved back 15 points.

Saturn is also being sandwiched among the stars, whose traveling disk April 24 on Aug. 24 it will resume its direct or forward movement.

At this time of year we have the opportunity of catching a fleeting glimpse, in the evening sky, of a permanent constellation which can never be seen completely from most parts of the United States. This is Centaurus, the centaur.

A few of the northernmost stars in this constellation are shown on the map of the Assistant er.com