The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

MEMORANDUM FOR THE UNDER SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE
SUBJECT: Air Force Briefing for the Subcommittee on Space Exploration on Unidentified Flying Objects

1. At a briefing conducted by the Subcommittee on Space Exploration on 5 August 1958, a briefing at 1400 hours, 5 August 1958, was presented to members of the Subcommittee on Air Force activities in the field of procedures used in handling and analyzing reports of unidentified flying objects. This presentation was made by Major H. J. Brower, Scientific Advisor, Air Technical Intelligence Center, who presented a brief history of the Air Force actions in this field, procedures used in handling and classifying such reports, and statistical data on the number of "unknown" objects as compared to the total reported observations.

2. The Subcommittee was advised of the extensive efforts of the Air Force to apply all possible scientific methods of analysis and how this approach has reduced the number of "unknowns" to approximately 2.5 percent of the total observations. It was also stressed that the Air Force intends to continue its intensive efforts to solve the remaining "unknowns" and welcomes the full cooperation and assistance of civilian research and scientific organizations engaged in UFO activities, and spectacular news reporting has caused the greatest problems in this field. The Subcommittee members seemed to be definitely pleased with the Air Force approach to this problem and were unanimously impressed that the Air Force was making every effort to solve this problem.

3. Mr. Fowler and Captain Gregory presented a very well prepared briefing to the Subcommittee and were highly commended for their efforts at the briefing. The Subcommittee members seemed to be definitely pleased with the Air Force approach to this problem and were unanimously impressed that the Air Force was making every effort to solve this problem.

SAFLL-3