The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report under Project Blue Book.

AF FORM 112—PART II
UNCLASSIFIED
(NAME OR ORGANIZATION)

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
HEADQUARTERS USAF
DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF, OPERATIONS
DATE 9-13-58
SUBJECT Sightings of unidentified aerial objects over Sewart Air Force Base, Tennessee
1. (1) Unknown
(2) Unknown
(3) Unknown
(4) Unknown
(5) Some known
2. Illuminated object s hovering and moving erratically over Sewart Air Force Base on the nights of 3 and 4 September 1958. Objects appeared to be controlled, maneuvering rapidly and darting at various speeds. Witnesses were members of the Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron and Headquarters and Headquarters Squadron, Sewart Air Force Base. During the visual sightings, radar scope photographs of the objects were obtained.
3. The objects were first observed shortly after 2300 hours on 3 September 1958 appearing in the southern sky. They moved northward and hover ed over the area of the aircraft control and warning radars. Radar operators confirmed the visual sightings and radar scope photographs were obtained.
4. The objects were observed again on the following night, 4 September 1958, appearing in the western sky and moving eastward. The objects were tracked by radar and witnessed visually by the same personnel who had observed them the previous night.
5. The objects appeared to be approximately the size of a medium aircraft, and at times were translucent and at other times opaque. Occasionally they would fade in and out of sight, apparently accelerating rapidly and disappearing. The objects were generally observed to be at an altitude of approximately the middle of the aseent portion of the visual or radar track. Their speed was estimated by comparison with the speed of aircraft to be in excess of 600 miles per hour. The color of the objects varied from bright orange to amber or yellow-white. Their movements appeared to be erratic and quite rapid at times, darting from one position to another without any apparent acceleration, and were described as being like "a ball bouncing on the ground." The objects reportedly displayed characteristics which could not be attributed to any known aerial vehicle.
6. The sightings were duly reported through command channels to Air Defense Command and the Air Intelligence Center, Project Blue Book, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.