This page contains one photograph which appears to be a sketch or diagram related to an incident being described. 

Below is the extracted OCR text from the document:

```
TOICO1, Hq 825th AD. Subj: Flying Object Little Hock Air Force Base

Observer stated he had just come from the barracks and was waiting for a bus to take him into town He stated he had had nothing to drink at the time, but did have something to drink later when he got into town. He worked Sunday afternoon and called OSI when he got to work at 1330 hours.

(12) No physical evidence was obtained

2. Investigating Officer interviewed Major Joseph C. Gamble, Commander, Detachment 13, 26th Weather Squadron. AWS, Little Rock AFB to obtain weather information. Major Gamble when told of the reason for this interview, stated he had been driving from his base quarters to the OMB shortly after 1900 hours, 13 December 1953, when his wife called his attention to a rapidly moving bright yellow light with a red trailing which seemed to be traveling above the base at a very rapid speed and which seemed to go out of plane still over the base He was driving along the street from the officers residence quarters which runs in an easterly direction and the light appeared to be traveling towards the earth in a southeasterly direction. However, he believed it was a large meteorite, the largest he had ever seen, and gave the matter no further thought. He stated it did not have the appearance of a cigar-shaped light, but was more like a flare. Attached is a drawing of the scene of the Incident showing the location of the observer and Major Gamble.

3. Major Gamble showed the writer a disposition form sent to Berkdale AFB, 26th Weather Squadron in reference to a report of an unidentified flying object seen over Little Rock AFB on the night of 13 December 1953 by weather observer A/1C Charles A. Scales who was also seen by the tower 11 weather observer on duty at 2351 G. 13 December 1953, sighted an unidentified object or light on approx. mate bearing of 105 degrees, first visible about 5 degrees above horizon, falling straight down. It appeared as a light of yellow and red coloring, and appeared to explode in flame. Observer thought it mas vary close to station (LRAD). A check made with the Memphis and Nashville Control Tower revealed the sightings of a similar object to the east and northeast, respectively. I do not know in any checks were made further to the east or not. It appeared to be a meteorite but this report is forwarded for whatever value it is. (Signed Joseph C. Gamble, Major USAF, Commander, Detachment 13,26th Weather Equadron; A/1C Charles A. Scales was off duty until 13 December 1953.)

4. Major Gamble further reported that A/2C William R Bindlay, the control operator in the tower had also observed the same light as seen by Scales. While talking with Major Gamble, A/IC E M Babon, AF 14526556, assigned to weather detachnent 13, overheard part of the conversation and stated he had seen an unusually bright light about
```