There is no photograph present in the image you provided. Here is the text from the document:

---

UFO OBSERVERS INSTRUCTION SHEET
(Sky Diagram)

1. GENERAL:

   a. The diagram represents all of the sky normally visible to the observer, who is pictured standing under the center of the "dome" of the sky. It is designed to show a three-dimensional view of the area centered around the observer at the time of the UFO sighting.

   b. The position of any object in the sky can be described by giving its elevation, or angle upward from the horizon, and its bearing or angle along the horizon, eastward from north.
   
   (1) Illustrations:

      (a) Elevation is 0 degrees for an object on the horizon, and 90 degrees for the point directly over the observer (zenith). Thus, an object half-way up from the horizon to the zenith has an elevation of 45 degrees.

      (b) Bearing (or "azimuth") is the angle along the horizon, starting from north and moving clockwise eastward. Thus, an object directly toward the east, no matter what its elevation is above the horizon, has a bearing of 90 degrees, an object in the south has a bearing of 180 degrees, toward the west, 270 degrees and so on. North is, of course, zero.

      EXAMPLE: An object is seen in the northeast and one-third way up from horizon to overhead. Thus, the object has a bearing of 45 degrees, and elevation of 30 degrees. Similarly, an object having a bearing of 180 degrees and an elevation of 60 degrees would be seen directly south and two-thirds of the way up from the horizon.

2. PLOTTING THE COURSE OF AN OBJECT ON THE SKY DIAGRAM:

   a. The path of an object across the sky can be shown completely on this diagram simply by connecting with a curved or straight line the various positions the object successively occupies (see example sheet). To aid visualization, the path on the western side of the sky is represented by broken lines; the eastern side in solid lines. Direction of the object is indicated by arrows. The duration of the sighting can be shown by indicating the time at the position, where the object was first and last observed. Where possible, the time at various intermediate positions occupied by the object should also be shown.

   b. The diagram can be made a more effective investigative and analytical tool by making the lines (showing the path of the object) thicker or thinner to indicate the varying brightness of the object observed. This is especially valuable when any object appeared only as a moving light at night. Thus, if a light becomes brighter and then gradually fades, it can be represented by a line becoming increasingly thicker and then gradually thinning out to nothing.

   c. Use of colored pencils is especially recommended if the object changes color or hue during the sighting.

DIR LU. FOGGY ASS
CLASS TOP
ATOMIC FORM 164a
(25 July 56)
531476

---