The image does not contain any photograph. However, the text present in the document is as follows:

Somewhat on the ascendant, with the same slow, majestic sheep and regular motion of the Sputniks. It continued in its transit for only a comparatively short distance when it commenced to slow up and descend. It was circular, had a distinct double row or ring. As it either disappeared or merged in my line of vision with some haze, I was unperturbed and even excited, as I know are many people, by this sight. I descended for a short distance and the object "came back" and passed near my shoulders and caused that I felt it had "gone away". I even shoot my head at this point to assure my vision and found the object still dark then all I could see now was the star near which this object had vanished so abruptly. I observed this star in its fixed position for several minutes thereafter. It's position a definite point on the ground was about 20 degrees higher than I could observe it between the two cross-arms of the telephone pole which is on the east boundary of my property. All in order that this beautiful observation exceeded a minute in time, I realize that it was probably less. I will guess that the arc of transit was about 10 degrees. Others had been no "radar- scanned" before the object's light was consistent at all times, its disappearance as dramatic as its entry. As I wondered about this later in the evening, I deduced that once or twice to observe it to part to an upward direction, particularly because of the "Swelling up" of the object. After considered reflection, I could not do so in entirety for two reasons. I have no experience at dynamic sightings. I am convinced that I saw an object which appeared to me almost identical to Sputnik or Sputniks radio, which definitely moved in a normal traverse across the heavens, was circular, had a distinct double row or ring, and as it descended and "came back" temporarily as an amateur observer of the heavens, not being possessed of any professional skill, I do not.