There is no photograph present on this page. Below is the OCR transcription of all the text found in the document:

---
CLASSIFICATION (SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in)

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
ORIGINATING AGENCY
Commander, 1001st Air Base Wing
Andrews AFB, Maryland

REPORT NO.
IR-01-58

PAGE 12 OF 12 PAGES

AN but they did hear the noise at that time on 26 October 1958. I would estimate that the manager of the restaurant, was extremely reliable and along with Mr. and Mrs. would be in the "excellent reliability" class. appeared to be around 48-50 years old and seemed to be very conservative. He was conscientious because of his high position (manager in a very reputable restaurant) as was indicated by his refusal to report his sighting because of the fear that someone would think he was "crazy." SUMMARY: Since several reliable witnesses heard the same noise that reported in connection with their UFO on 26 October 1958 (around 2230 EST ), it can be assumed that the sighting did actually occur as re-lated except for the distances described. It can safely be assumed that the sighting on the following night 27 October 1958 was also reliable because of the four observers involved. Upon visiting the bridge and surrounding area where the UFO was sighted, the following observations were made by the investigator: The bridge is a double-arched, steel-frame construction with a concrete road bed. It has a fresh coat of dark green paint and is about 40 feet high at the maximum height of each arch. The whole bridge is about 500 feet long (0.1 mile) and the point at which the UFO was first seen must have been 3/4 mile or possibly a mile away and not 300 yards as reported. There was no usual meterological activity in the area, no thunderstorms and the weather was quite clear. Visibility at Friendship International Airport was 20 miles at 0100 EST, 27 October 1958. The height of the observation, about 150 feet, precludes the possibility of the object being an aircraft. Natural fluorescent gases, etc., can be ruled out due to the noise involved. No special projects are known to be operating in that area. As far as this investigation has gone, this UFO remains unidentified.
BERT R. STAPLES
2nd Lt., USAF
