The image appears to contain a news article or report discussing an eruption on the moon that astronomers were studying. The article mentions that there were bright flashes observed on the moon's surface, which experts were analyzing and awaiting further details about. There does not appear to be any photograph included in this particular page of the document.

Experts Await Details
Of Eruption on Moon

Astronomers here are keenly interested and watching with intense concentration on the moon a few days ago.

The great Russian astronomer, V. A. Fesenkov, quoted in the official Soviet news agency Tass, said at 8:30 Saturday evening, Dec. 6, his observatory had observed the appearance of bright flashes on the moon, lasting about 50 minutes. 

This was an important observation, the more so because it was corroborated by the similar observations of other Soviet astronomers.  

It seems that instead of one eruption, there were a series of brief eruptions, the first of which began about 8:30 p.m. and lasted about 30 minutes. There were then two more eruptions at 9:10 p.m. and 9:40 p.m., each lasting about 10 minutes.

The head of the Astrophysical Institute of the U.S.S.R. Academy of Sciences, Professor Fesenkov, said the eruptions were clearly visible to the naked eye.

Astronomers the world over are keenly interested in this observation and are watching the moon with the greatest care, hoping to get further details.

The Soviet news agency said the explanation for the phenomenon is that the explosions were caused by the impact of meteorites on the lunar surface. This was the explanation given by Professor Fesenkov.

It is interesting to note that similar observations were made by American astronomers, according to reports. Mr. John O'Keefe, an astronomer at the Goddard Space Flight Center of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, said his observatory had observed the flashes, but he did not give the exact time.

The intensity of the flashes, according to the Soviet report, was so great that they could be seen with the naked eye. This, of course, indicates a terrific amount of energy was released, enough to be visible from the earth.

Astronomers are most anxious to get further details about the duration, intensity and other characteristics of these flashes, as this may throw light on the nature of the lunar surface and the forces at work there.

The possibility of actual volcanic activity on the moon cannot be ruled out, although the generally accepted theory is that the moon is a dead world, with no internal activity.

Experts are awaiting with keen interest the further reports that may come in from observatories all over the world which have been closely watching the moon in the last few days.

Karami Power Voted
MOSCOW, Dec. 7 (AP) - The Soviet parliament today approved the appointment of Ali Amini as Premier of Iran. The vote was 341 to 1.