There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a newspaper article titled "Dog Star Shines in South" written by James Stokley, discussing the visibility of planets and stars in the night sky during February.

The text in the document is as follows:

ASTRONOMY

Dog Star Shines in South 

While none of the five planets usually visible to the naked eye can be seen on February evenings, there is a number of first magnitude stars visible. Sirius, the brightest of all, 

By JAMES STOKLEY

* * *

BRIGHTEST STAR of the February evening sky is Sirius, which shines so brightly that it is sometimes called the "Dog Star." This is because of its brightness, which exceeds that of any other star visible to the naked eye, except for the sun.

About that time of year the sun is below the horizon for Sirius, so the star shines in the southern sky all through the evening. This is in contrast with the heat of the sun. For even though the two - Sirius and the sun - are about the same temperature, the sun appears so much larger as to overpower the star's light. 

Sirius is shown on the accompanying map, which gives the appearance of the southern sky at 8 P.M. standard time, at the beginning of February. At that time, the star is just rising above the southern horizon. 

Among the other bright stars are Canopus, Rigel, Betelgeuse, Procyon, Aldebaran and Pollux. These all form conspicuous figures, such as the constellation of Orion, the well-known "Winter Sonthem Cress" and the "Dog Star's Reflection."

Mercury, Venus, Jupiter and Saturn are invisible in February. Uranus, which can barely be seen with the naked eye, is very low in the west and setting by that time. so that group is not shown on the map. But it is near Leo, the Lion, and appears nearly as a first magnitude star.

It is generally considered that about a third as many stars are visible at any one time as can be seen with the naked eye under the most favorable conditions. So this section of the southern sky has shown nearly that many stars.

Uranus' Discovery
Uranus was discovered in 1781 by an English amateur astronomer, William Herschel. It was the first planet discovered in modern times, after the ones known since ancient times. It was not until 1846 that the existence of Neptune was proven, also by calculations, and then the planet was observed. With the discovery of Uranus, it was realized that the solar system was more extensive than had previously been thought. And Uranus has proved to be a most interesting world, the first of the larger planets to be discovered.

Uranus turns on its side as it circles the sun, so that its north and south poles alternately point toward the earth. This gives rise to extreme seasonal changes on the planet. At times one entire hemisphere is in daylight, while the other is dark. Then, six months later, the situation is reversed.

At present the northern hemisphere of Uranus is tilted toward the earth, and will remain so for some years to come. During this period, this side of the planet will get increasing amounts of sunlight, and the southern hemisphere will gradually move into darkness.

The discoveries made about Uranus have shown that there are probably additional planets beyond it, and the search for them continues. Clyde Tombaugh discovered the planet Pluto in 1930, after a long search conducted at the Lowell Observatory. But Pluto is a small and very distant world, much less massive than Uranus. So the possibility remains that there are other, more massive planets still to be found in the outer reaches of the solar system.