The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report. It contains a typed text description, but does not seem to contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

LIGHTED OBJECT SIGHTER
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. 
January 18, 1958

On January 18, 1958 at approximately 10 and 11 p.m. Saturday, USAF personnel reported seeing a lighted object in the sky. In addition, many visitors in the area during these hours also observed this strange object. Fortunately, one of them, a pilot on temporary duty from the east coast, was able to give a complete description of the object. 

The object, according to this witness, was circular in shape, about 30 to 40 feet in diameter, and appeared to be illuminated by a bright light, there or four times brighter than a star. It hovered for several minutes over the area, moving in a rectangular pattern above one of the buildings on the base. During this time, the witness was able to observe the object clearly, and could see that it was not a conventional aircraft. When it first appeared, it was moving in a horizontal direction, and then it changed to a vertical direction, hovering for several minutes over the base area.

Then it stopped and moved sideways, in a rectangular pattern, directly above one of the buildings on the base. This gave the witness an excellent opportunity to observe the object at close range. He said that the light was very bright, appeared to be pulsating, and that it was possible to see through it. After hovering for several minutes, the object suddenly accelerated and shot straight up into the sky at a tremendous speed, until it disappeared from sight.

The witness stated that when the object first appeared, it was about the size of a dime held at arm's length. During the time it was over the base, it increased in size to about the size of a half dollar held at arm's length. The witness also stated that he could not hear any sound from the object, and that it appeared to be completely silent in its operation.

This case was investigated by Lt. Col. (name redacted), who interviewed the witness, who was a reliable and experienced observer. The witness stated that he could not offer any explanation as to the nature of the object, and said that he had never seen anything like it before. When asked if he thought it might have been a conventional aircraft, he stated emphatically that it was not, and that he was certain that it was some type of unidentified flying object.

The case was discussed with other USAF personnel on the base, and they also stated that they had observed the object, and could not offer any explanation as to its nature. This is considered to be a valid sighting, and one which deserves further investigation.