There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT OUTPUT:

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage laws, Title 18, U.S.C., Sections 793 and 794. The transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law. It may not be reproduced in whole or in part, by other than United States Air Force personnel.

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

REPORT NO. 16-1-58

ORIGINATING AGENCY: 3700th Technical Training Wing, Sheppard Air Force Base, Texas

a. Description of the Object:
(1) Shape: Rectangular.
(2) Size: 7' x 7'.
(3) Color: Opaque (white) plastic.
(4) Number: One (1).
(5) Formation: N/A.
(6) Any discernible features or details: N/A.
(7) Tail, trail or exhaust, including size of same compared to object: N/A.
(8) Sound: N/A.
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features: "Note that no writing or markings whatsoever are shown on the object."

b. Description of Course of Object:
(1) What first called the attention of observers to the object: Object beating against a tree as a result of wind.
(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object: N/A.
(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object upon disappearance: N/A.
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object: N/A.
(5) How did the object disappear: N/A.
(6) How long was the object visible: N/A.

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Ground-visual.
(2) Statement as to optical aids(telescopes, binoculars, and so forth) used and description thereof: N/A.
(3) If the sighting is made while airborne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station: N/A.

d. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date group of sighting: Time unknown, date 10 October 1958.

e. Location of Observer:
(1) One-half mile NE from center of Temple, Oklahoma.

f. Identifying Information on Observers:
(None given)