The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document describing a UFO sighting incident.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

IGY Evidence . . .
(continued from page 5)
Photographs and Statement Department.
J. Battle, the CC Baccallar brought to
the attention of Mr. Morrow, who had
taken the photographs, the professional
photographer Alvin O. Macklin, of Albuquerque, New Mexico, to whom he made
the following report:

"I was on the deck of the "NE Almerants (Sidarta)" when I was called
to look at a strange object which was observed in the sky about 5:45 p.m.
at a distance of 5-10 miles. After a few
moments of observation:

It - Immediately after sighting it, he
started taking six successive photographs;
He - Thereafter, as he had shot the
last photo on the film, he took out the
film from the camera and remained for
waiting the passing of a strong emotional
disturbance he was feeling, due he went
through the process of shooting the last
film, already escorted by the CC Baccallar.
IV - He remained in the darkroom for
about 10 minutes, accompanied by the
AS Carpen, who was helping him then
to develop the last photos taken by the
Baccallar, with the impression that the
object photographed had also appeared
on the film. However, the photographic
impression was changed by CC Baccallar
himself showed him that in the photograph some kind of "Vortex" shapes were
visible, in different positions, as a image
looking like the others.

VI - He kept the negatives and brought
them to the where, in his inability to
observe them better, he pasted well only in two pictures because the other negatives were very dark.
VII - He made an operation known as
"clearing," which consists in exposing immediately the whole negative, however, as in
this picture the shape appeared with
them in the process failed, he cut the film
and submitted to the process mentioned
and the shape appeared with great clarity in two of them, in different positions.
VIII - He said that, seeing the UAO at
the distance, it gave the impression of a
plate surrounded by a kind of luminous
halo, showing great mobility at high speed, and
while a dark circular silhouette to define its
outline, the same was illuminated from within
by a sudden and be compared to soap foam;
It seemed to leave a small central of the
that it a sound heard like a discharge,
sound,
II - He got so nervous and upset at

SHAPE- The classical disc and a tearddhaped object. One object, (seem from
below) according to the observer, was
screened over the Island on 12.8.57. The
other seemed of a different shape, at a
gistant point: it was of an obscured
shape, (Saturn-shaped?).
COLOR - Indecisive for some, like
luminous, red - orange, slightly illuminated. Another similar like a kind of metallic
SOUND - All observers said the objects
were noiseless.
SPEED - Some observers noticed the
discharge, shaped like a white trail; others
noticed nothing of the kind;
SIZE - All observers agreed that the
objects were varying in wide shape, from
some were able to make size estimates.
MOBILITY - All the reports called attention to the extreme mobility of the
objects, performing unusual maneuvers,
like those of an airplane, but more
rapid and abrupt, with sudden changes
of course and speed.
ALTITUDE AND DISTANCE - Only
the observers of the first sighting on
12.8.57, when the UAO was seen passing over the
Island, estimated a height, compared
to the height of the peak it passed over,
i.e. about three times the height, or
about 1500 meters.
MANEUVERS - All the reports agreed
on the fact that the objects performed
unusual maneuvers.
APPEARANCE - That of a solid body
in all cases.
PHOTOGRAPHIC OBSERVATIONS-Very
short, estimated at ways in seconds.
a) That the observers who took the
UAOs know perfectly how to identify aircraft; and plane, even tiny in the island
was properly identified in all communications being reported to the
meteorology and Navigation Department.
b) That - considering the circumstances in which the photos were taken, focused
by immediate developing of the films, the
coincidence of the emotional state of the
observer - everything indicates that no
photographic process was done at the locale.
NEGATIVE POINTS
I - No points of the film were made at
the locale of the sighting.
IT - The ship's Commander didn't take
possession of the negatives, after development.
III - The making of the prints and enlargements was done by the photographer in
his own photo.

ter the sighting that he found it difficult
to proceed with the developing the film.

ANALYSIS - An analysis of the facts listed
in the previous item shows:
a) That the five UAO sightings occurred four
were made at daylight and one at night,
b) That in two UAO observations the
multiple sightings were made, which made
only, which is explained away as a
coincidence.
c) That the witnesses who sighted the
UAOs were persons with different qualifications - workers, medical officers, civilians, mechanics, professional photographers, Navy personnel and other crew
members.
d) That an observation from the Navy
Corps sighted the phenomena registered.
with the exception of the UAOs contents
being photographic.
e) That in all incidents it was noticed
a ways known about the difficulties in
obtaining clear photographic images of the
phenomena, on the other hand a man
professional photographer There was
even a case where, a man personal photographer, very skeptical, who got them
frightened.
f) That the reports, despite the great
difficulty in obtaining good information
from people with little culture around
the site of the sightings, present the
following data: