The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a transcribed document from the "Project Blue Book" UFO investigation program, containing a conversation between "Hank Mollohan" and "Barker" about a UFO sighting.

THE HOLLY RIVER SAUCER

HANK MOLLOHAN: I was working, and I didn't go to tell to them. My wife was telling me about them being here. 
BARKER: Have you ever heard stories about flying saucers? 
HANK MOLLOHAN: I've heard quite a few of them.
BARKER: Well, I think there's something to it. I think they are something.
HANK MOLLOHAN: Well, the main reason we didn't go up there, we were afraid we'd have to carry an awful load of feed to carry to the place.
BARKER: I believe it. I know your experiments. This was some experiment.
HANK MOLLOHAN: I believe it was a kind of experimental thing of Arty's or New's. You know they've done some experimental thing down there.
BARKER: What makes you think it was an experiment?
HANK MOLLOHAN: Well, the main reason is that they'd have to have an awful load of feed to carry to the place.
BARKER: Do you know if the State Police from this area reported it, and Ed told him just what was said and what happened. They told him pretty well sore up over how the law acted about it.
BARKER: Tell me this, did the law seem to disbelieve it, or what?
HANK MOLLOHAN: Yes, the law didn't go with them, while they were here. Just the two boys were here. They just plainly told them they weren't going up in them woods after dark. In fact, they didn't see any sense in going up there after night, but the state police wouldn't listen.
BARKER: They went right up on them?
HANK MOLLOHAN: They went right up on them.
BARKER: Well, when you saw something like that land, it might be just a bit difficult to tell your-self that it wasn't so. And I think they did right to investigate. Just one more thing I want to ask: What was the color of the object?
HANK MOLLOHAN: It was more like an aluminum color--about the same color of the sky. If it hadn't been for the dark cloud, I don't believe I'd ever have seen it.
BARKER: Did it seem to glow?
HANK MOLLOHAN: No, only when the sun glinted on it.
BARKER: Did it appear metallic?
HANK MOLLOHAN: Yes.
BARKER: Well, I think you gentlemen are very interesting account. This will go into my records as another case of people who have seen the so-called "saucer" flying objects. But for the most part, I think the days we are in are sometimes one of these days we shall. Thank you very much.
THE END