The image contains a photograph. It is a small, black-and-white photograph of a river with some rapids. The rest of the page consists of text likely describing river tours.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text in the document:

---

River Tours

Water stage run-off determines the dates for the Spring, early Summer river runs down 
the San Juan River. These dates, for nine-day trips are set for, Bluff, Utah, to Lees Ferry, 
Arizona:

May 1 to 9   
May 12 to 20 
May 23 to 31 

San Juan .  .  . 

June 3 to 12
June 15 to 23

$125.00 for nine days

Glen Canyon---Hite, Utah, to Lees Ferry, Arizona:

July 3 to 14
July 17 to 28
Aug. 3 to 14
Aug. 17 to 28
Sept. 3 to 14
Sept. 17 to 28

Party of 19 or less . . . $175.00 for 10, 11 or 12 days
Party of 20 or more . . . $150.00 for 10, 11 or 12 days

(The above fares are for Glen Canyon)

The July, August and September dates are for 12-day periods. All these boat runs for 
the Glen Canyon section of the Colorado River start above HITE, Utah, and extend nearly 
170 miles to LEES FERRY, Arizona. In this section there are 22 minor rapids, or big riffles, 
with little or no danger.

For the first night’s stop we plan to take passengers to Capitol Reef Lodge, due to open 
May 1, 1949. It is located in the heart of Capitol Reef National Monument, deep in a val-
ley of colorful Navajo and Wingate sandstone; the Chinle shales; and the Moenkopi Red 
Beds. 

At the mouth of Padre Creek in Utah, we have the Crossing of the Fathers, where on 
Nov. 7, 1776, Padres Dominguez and Escalante and party crossed the Colorado. Even in 
the East, you do not have too many points of older history.

Of course, the 5 1/2 mile hike to RAINBOW BRIDGE one day, and return to the river the 
following day, is the highlight of the Glen Canyon and San Juan River trips. Those who 
do not care to make the 11-mile plus hike will be made comfortable in camp, near fresh 
water swimming pools, or can spend the night at Echo Camp near the Rainbow Bridge.

For nearly all meals for overland travel, preceding the river trip (Glen Canyon), we will 
contract with a chartered bus line, using station wagons and sedans. For river travel we will use the World War II neoprene, 10-man, 8-air chamber rafts. 
Those were the type you saw in motion pictures of our June 1948 San Juan River run, 
at Smithsonian in Sept.

Up to 100 different foods will be carried. Special diets will be cared for if we are no-
tified in advance.

Passengers are to supply their own sleeping bags. We suggest that passengers bring one
pair of high tennis shoes of the “Keds” type, Levis, socks, shirts, one warm jacket, sun 
helmet and light rain coat. Personal baggage will be limited to 25 pounds exclusive of 
bed roll and camera.

There will be eight 10-man passenger boats available, allowing 4 persons and our boat-
man to each boat. Army Air Corps surplus life preservers supplied for all. There will be
waterproof special purpose rubber bags for protection of most valuable personal equipment.

The following may be added to PROPOSED ITINERARY for Glen Canyon trips: Those 
who drive to join river party may leave car, travel clothes, etc., with Mr. and Mrs. Art 
Green at Marble Canyon Lodge, Arizona (Via Cameron). Come to Richfield, Utah, in
outing clothes, via Santa Fe Trailways. Car will be awaiting you at end of river journey.

For the San Juan River run, the meeting place will be Bluff, Utah, or Mexican Hat,
Utah. If desired by car owners, their cars will be driven to Marble Canyon Lodge by de-
pendable desert drivers.

$25 deposit when passage is booked. Balance on day of sailing. Deposit refunded if 
passage is cancelled 30 days before sailing.

Please do not hesitate to ask for additional information.

---

Los Angeles, California.

WESTERN RIVER TOURS RICHFIELD UTAH