The image contains no photograph, only text. I will now proceed to extract all the text from the document.

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 103--The world of flying saucers ended. She enclosed a three-page summary prepared by members of the UFO Research Committee of Akron, and stated: 'I assure you that I will contend to your chairman about this matter if some action is not soon to explain it.'

The alleged UFO had appeared at about 3 a.m. in the yard of the one-story, two-bedroom house occupied by Mrs. Fitzgerald and her husband, who was asleep, and had gone to bed at the end of the late movie. The bedroom windows were shut and the window curtains were closed. Outside, the night was dark, the moon had set, there were no street lights, and some of the neighbors' houses were lighted. Lying with her arm over her husband, trying to sleep, she suddenly realized that the room was illuminated and stood up on the bed to look out of the window.

Looking out, she saw moving across the yard a dull-shaped object with a hump in the middle, a dull aluminum in color, was moving across the yard at a height of about five feet. The object did not glow and did not have lights on it, she could not determine the source of the illumination. About twenty-five feet in diameter, it was moving north across the driveway into a neighbor's yard, losing altitude on the way until it was only some six feet above the ground. At a distance of fifty feet or less, it was moving slowly, without noise, to the north across the yard until it passed behind some trees and vegetation and was no longer seen. While pink-gray smoke billowed out from two openings in the craft and illuminated the UFO. Each opening contained seven pipes. The smoke did not come from the pipes but was projected, it was stopped. The object then moved back into the witness's yard, rising but without emitting smoke, it made two quick clockwise turns with a radius of about three feet, and rose straight up. The rose rising straight up to about thirty feet, hovering, about thirty-six seconds, she had heard a muffled noise like that of a jet engine warming up. She had tried several times to waken her husband, but he would not awaken. When the object moved further away, she went back to bed and slept. The next morning and mentioned her experience to the family, she learned that ten-year-old John Fitzgerald, a nephew living in the second bedroom, had also been awakened during the night to go to the bathroom and had returned to bed, when he saw a 'bright light shining into his room and heard an unusual noise.' Climbing up on the bed, he observed the object as it hovered over the yard.

After watching for a few seconds, the light had gone. He went to bed until to sleep. Puzzled by the incident, Mrs. Fitzgerald telephoned the local newspaper, the Lorain Journal, and the story appeared in several Akron, Ohio, papers. Members of the Akron UFO Research Committee, one of whom lived in the nearby town of Lorain, soon arrived to question her and prepare the summary of her experience; other witnesses in the area were also interviewed.