The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from an old Project Blue Book report, which appears to be a typewritten document describing a UFO incident.

TEXT OUTPUT:

789TH ACW SQUADRON (ADO)
Offutt Air Force Station
United States Air Force
Florence Station
Omaha, Nebraska

STATEMENT

1. After a discussion with North Platte GCI and Able Bodied, I called Idaho GCI and asked them to divert the high unit on fuel to Sombrero Blue flight for Idaho control to check a UFO. At 0552z Sombrero Blue 1 was diverted to Idaho GCI in 47-6010.

2. Sombrero Blue 1 was vectored directly to the object area in FM 2221 at 35,000 feet. To facilitate positioning the interceptor as close to the object as possible it was requested that GOC obtain a visual on the object. The interceptor pilot reported the object slowing down enough to lower his landing lights. As soon as the interceptor closed within 1,000 feet, the objects was observed (first in Nebraska) the landing light was turned off and retracted, and a vector given to the objects position. Badyville, Nebraska maintained contact with the interceptor by watching the controls. As vectors were received from GCI the object was vectored to in close proximity. The pilot reported he could not establish lock-on to these two passes the pilot requested information on the objects position placed the object 15 nautical miles west of the moon. The pilot did not see anything in this position. No interceptor could decode contact below 32,000 feet because of fuel and distance from nearest recovery base.

3. The pilot checked with higher on the ground and could see nothing that could possibly correspond to the objects light pattern. The reason for checking the possibility that the observers were seeing some light on the ground that was being reflected by the temperature inversion. A temperature inversion was existing between 3,000 and 5,500 feet. Positive GCI control was maintained at all times with Sombrero Blue 1.

4. A request was placed with CAA (Kansas City Center) through Able Bodied to ask several aircraft flying through the area to report any unusual lights in the sky. Several air liners flying at 20,000 and 23,000 feet reported nothing unusual.

5. No radar contact was ever obtained by Idaho with the object.

6. This is a true and accurate account of the UFO incident (intercept position) occuring on 30 October 1958.

1/Lt., USAF