The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, discussing the appearance of Mars in the night sky.

ASTRONOMY
MARS APPEARS LATE
The red planet, Mars, steadily approaching nearer to the earth, will be the brightest object in the sky when it appears late in August evenings.
BY JAMES STOKLEY
Mars is brightening more brilliantly than any other star in the sky these nights. This is the first time this year it can be seen easily at night. As it swings around to the opposite side of the sun, from our view, it is moving farther away, but despite this, it will appear brighter in our sky.
The planet Mars, which is about 140,000,000 miles on the average distance from the earth, will be nearer than it has been for the next 15 years. Although the accompanying map shows the position of Mars on August 1, this planet is not shown. This is because they are obscured at that time by the rays of the setting sun. But Mars appears in the evening sky, on the first of August, as the first of a brilliant twins.
When more brilliant than Mars is Jupiter, about 500,000,000 miles distant, and easy to get on our maps. However, it is in the constellation of Virgo, the virgin, many degrees to the right of Scorpius, the scorpion. Jupiter is a little to the east of the first of August, and will be seen as a very brilliant evening star.
But nearer to the earth than either Mars or Jupiter, is Saturn, fainter than either. It is in the southwestern sky. Just below is the constellation of Scorpius with the red star Antares.
MARS MOST BRILLIANT STAR
The most brilliant star of the August evening is Venus, in Lyra, the lyre, which stands closely overhead at the time for which the map is drawn. Next in brilliance are Arcturus, the Aquila, the eagle, with Altair toward the east. Saturn is fainter than either Mars or Jupiter.
Mars is putting on a superb exhibition these August nights. Though no clouds are seen, the outline of the planet can be discerned easily by the naked eye. This is the "Arcturus in heaven" as it were. The "big dipper", a familiar figure to northern observers, is prominent in the lower left corner. The "pointer stars", Polaris, the pole star, which is part of the little dipper, in Ursa Minor, the little bear, are also seen.
SYMBOLS FOR STARS IN ORDER OF BRIGHTNESS