The image appears to contain a photograph of an older man wearing a hat. The text below the image is an article titled "There's Still Gold in Those Hills" by Wendell Trugdon, a staff reporter, discussing the topic of finding gold in the hills.

Text from the document:

There's Still Gold in Those Hills
BY WENDELL TRUGDON, Staff Reporter
BROOKVILLE, Ind. - Any time a man has a chance to grab some money, they can grab time to prowl streams and search and hunt for treasures and gold.
Oldlimers say there's gold along creeks and trees. Everybody has heard the stories about panning gold, diamonds weighing as much as a mail pouch, silver mines and all kinds of fantastic treasure stories.
Fred Doyle, who lives in a little country village near here, can tell some stories that sound as fantastic as those fairy tales.
Fred Doyle is 81 years old, has lived in the country all his life and could almost count the number of times he has been to a big city on the fingers of one hand.
"I'll tell you," said Doyle, "I've seen things in these hills that would make your hair stand on end. I've found gold in creeks and on hillsides more times than I can remember.
"Some of the old-timers around here will tell you the same thing. They'll say there's gold in them thar hills, and they'll tell you about the time they found a nugget as big as a horse's hoof.
"One day, near home, he was walking along, and he said he found what appeared to be a deposit of gold. He said he picked up a handful of the stuff and it was so heavy he knew it had to be gold.
"The next day, Fred said, he went back with some pans and picks and shovels and he spent the whole day digging and panning. By the time he quit, he said, he'd managed to accumulate about a quart of the stuff.
"When he got home, he said, he put the stuff in a big glass jar and carried it around to show his neighbors. Everybody marveled at it, and they all agreed it had to be gold.
"Fred said he took some of it to a jewelry store in a nearby town and had it tested. The jeweler told him it was worthless junk - just a conglomeration of worthless pyrite, fool's gold.
"But Fred still thinks there's gold in those hills. 'I'm sure of it,' he says. 'I've seen it with my own eyes, and someday I'm going to find the real thing.'"