The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

Transcribed text:

"THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN
March, 1960
Page 6

Trindade Island Sighting
(Continued from page 3)
person near the object and, as a consequence, photographed the object and the island object - or rather, the objects near the island. There was an impression of direction from which it had come, and it appeared to slow in order to come to a halt near the island. This was the last photo (the last on the film). After about 15 seconds the object continued on over the island and gradually diminishing in size and finally disappeared into the horizon.

"The length of time the object was visible during the sighting?" Was the object emitting any sounds? A. I am not sure, to the best of my recollection, that it made any sound. No sounds were heard by the observers against the island, so, if any, I think that it would have been a slignt humming sound and at the time. However, I am not certain.

"If it showed a dark grey color, appearing to be metallic in the area, and as it got further away, it showed a greenish, phosphorescent vapor (or color) - did this object appear to be material?" A. Yes. It was obviously a solid object.

"How was it flying? Any Aerial characteristics?" A. Yes. It showed an undulating movement as it flew across the Island and when it came back, it changed speed drastica11y, with no transition, in a jump.

"After the sighting, what happened?" A. After the "Almirante Saldanha" sighted the object, A. The object was visible on the deck at that time, including Lieutenant Homero, Captain Vasco da Gama and myself.

"Now what happened after the sighting?" A. After the commanding and several officers of the ship questioned me as to what I had got in the photos. As I was very curious too, I decided to develop the films on board the ship. The processing was done under the supervision of several officers, including Captain Vasco da Gama. Negatives were seen aboard. The reasons there was no possibility of exposing the paper for the negatives, however, were seen and examined by the whole crew.

"Did you have any difficulties to obtain the photo negatives under any pressure to the Navy's authorities?" A. No. Com. Saldanha (A, name of the ship command) saw and the negatives and Captain Vasco da Gama was present during all this. They never tried to get the negatives from me.

"After this incident, the ship stopped first at Porto Alegre near Rio. A, The ship stopped first at Porto Alegre and then, I believe, went to Rio de Janeiro. From there I was going to stay there for some time. I was informed that the A. navy authorities were requested to appear there, but I do not know the results of this."