The image contains a photograph that appears to be a flying saucer or unidentified flying object (UFO) sighted over the island of Trinidade, off the coast of Brazil in the Atlantic Ocean in January 1958. The object was observed and photographed by several sailors aboard a Brazilian Navy survey ship named Almirante Saldanha. The image and text describe this event as one of the most famous UFO photographs in early history, and the first instance where a country (Brazil) officially recognized the existence of "flying saucers".

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

Photographic evidence convinces the reality of "Flying Saucers" in 1960-61 was once again confirmed by the increased, the Brazilian Navy and Brasilian Congress re-confirmed proof that the "Saucers Exist" in 1960, when it confirmed the existence of photographs taken of a UFO near the Island of Trinidade Aboard the ISY SHIP" Almirante Saldanha" by photographers in January, 1958. This event was confirmed by hundreds of crew members aboard the ship and many others on shore. Brazil still remained the only country in the World that officially recognizes the existence of "flying saucers" in 1960-61.

On January 16, the most famous of UFO photographs in early years, proved to be a series of four photographs taken of a slow UFO in its flight path at Trinidade Island, off Brazil in the Atlantic Ocean by a sailor, aboard a Brazilian Navy ISY Survey Ship, named Almirante Saldanha. The object appeared shaped like the planet Saturn with rings around it. That photo so unusual was that it resulted in Brazil becoming the first country in the world to officially recognize the existence of "flying saucers". The strange object was seen on at least 8 different occasions, by at least 100 sailors aboard the ship, by dozens of persons on the island, twice through theodolites, as well as being photographed by a Navy sergeant on the island and seen close up on two occasions. Add to those facts, that the pictures were ordered released by the President of Brazil himself, and have been confirmed by both the Brazil Navy and the Brazil Congress and you've got quite a story.