The image contains a photograph depicting a description of a UFO sighting incident. The text mentions that the witness, Mrs. Fitzgerald, saw a "disk-shaped object with a hump in the middle, a dull aluminum in color, was moving across the yard at a height of about five feet." The object did not glow and did not have lights on it. It moved north across the neighbor's yard and then came to a stop, floating motionless for several seconds while pink-gray smoke billowed out from two openings in the rim and illuminated the UFO. Each opening contained seven pipes. The text also describes the witness's experiences after the sighting, including her husband's reaction and the subsequent news coverage.

FINAL GALLEY PROOF
Galley 103-The world of flying saucers gated. She enclosed a three-page summary prepared by members of the UFO Research Committee of Akron, and added, "I assume this matter if some action is not taken soon to explain it."
The alleged UFO had appeared at about 3 A.M. in the yard of the one-story, two-bedroom house occupied by Mrs. Fitzgerald and her husband. She had been sitting up alone watching TV. The bedroom window was shut and the window curtains were closed. Outside, the night was dark; the moon had set, there were no street lights.
Lying with her arm over her eyes, trying to get to sleep, she suddenly realised that the room was illuminated and stood up on the bed to look out of the window. According to her account, a disk-shaped object with a hump in the middle, a dull aluminum in color, was moving across the yard at a height of about five feet. The object did not glow and did not have lights on it. It moved north across the neighbor's yard, and then came to a stop, floating motionless for several seconds while pink-gray smoke billowed out from two openings in the rim and illuminated the UFO. Each opening contained seven pipes. The object then moved on across the neighbor's yard. After about fifty feet, it stopped and floated motionless for several seconds, while pink-gray smoke again poured out from the rim and illuminated the UFO. Each opening contained seven pipes. The object then moved quickly back into her yard, rising to a height of five feet. No longer emitting smoke, it made two quick clockwise turns with a radius of about three feet, and then moved up over the roof of the house, putting out of sight over the window. She cut if off from further view. During the entire time of the sighting, about thirty seconds, she had heard a muffled noise like that of an electric motor. When the object had gone, the room returned to darkness. Her husband, by kicking her, but without success. When the object had gone, the went back to bed and slept.
When she woke at 11:00 the next morning and mentioned her experience to the family, she learned that ten-year-old John, asleep in the second bedroom, had also seen a strange light. He had apparently wakened during the night to go to the bathroom and had returned to bed when he saw the bright light. It was so unusual and lasted some considerable time before going off.
Puzzled by the incident, Mrs. Fitzgerald telephoned the local director of the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, who in turn notified the Air Force investigators. Yet she threatened to notify her congressman unless some action were taken soon. She had not waited for action, however, but by the same mail had written to her congressman requesting him to obtain an explanation from the Air Force.
Members of the Akron Committee, one of whom lived in the nearby town of Lorain, soon arrived to question his experience; other incidents in Lorain were reported to have seen the same UFO.
Even at first glance, the situation presented several unusual factors. Though Mrs. Fitzgerald's story was a detailed and sober one, the Air Force investigators, yet she threatened to notify her congressman unless some action were taken soon. She had not waited for action, however, but by the same mail had written to her congressman requesting him to obtain an explanation from the Air Force.