The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that includes text and a map.

Here is the text from the document:

ASTRONAUT

Mars Draws Near

The three planets, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn, in addi-
tion to many first-magnitude stars, will be evident in the Sep-
tember sky.

JAMES STOKLEY

DAILY DRAWING nearer is the
red planet Mars, according to
all astronomical observers. By Sep-
tember it will have moved in to a distance of
some 50,000,000 miles from the earth,
the closest approach it will make until
about 1956. At this time it will appear as
a star of high magnitude - in fact brighter
than any of the first-magnitude stars accompanying it.

The maps which accompany this article de-
pict the location of Mars and other important celes-
tial bodies during the approaching opposition (mean-
ing, of course, that the planet is on the opposite side
of the earth from the sun). The first map shows the
location of Mars and other conspicuous objects on
September 1, when the planet is still far distant. The
second map is for September 4, when it is nearer and
its motion has become quite noticeable.

As Mars moves inward toward us, its apparent
size and brightness will steadily increase. By the mid-
dle of September it will surpass in brilliance even the
first-magnitude star Arcturus, in the northwest. And
by the end of the month it will outshine all the other
stars and planets in the sky, including Jupiter and
Saturn.

The peculiarity of this present apparition of
Mars is that there is only a small difference in bright-
ness between it and Jupiter. Normally, when the two
planets are in conjunction, Jupiter appears the bright-
er. But this year, as the result of the favorable position
of the respective orbits, Mars will be at its maximum
brilliance at a time when Jupiter is at or near its mean
distance. Thus Mars, which is generally the less bril-
liant of the two, will for a time surpass Jupiter in
splendor.

Being so much closer to us, Mars will be a far
more impressive sight in the sky than Jupiter and Sat-
urn. It will reach the halfway point, appearing at op-
position, on September 8. At this time it will be shin-
ing at magnitude -0.3, compared to Jupiter's -2.0 and
Saturn's 0.2.

Mars will continue to be a conspicuous object
in the evening sky until late in October. In fact, it will
be well placed for observation for several months. Ob-
servers, therefore, will have ample opportunity to
study this ruddy wanderer of the skies in some detail.