The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

Text Output:

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
DATE 16-17-58     PAGE 5 OF 6

SUBJECT: Co-lplot - Andrew Dunner, 1st Lt, 421st Air Refueling Squadron, reports sighting while on a flight over the Pacific near Midway Island, almost all in multi-planes transport-type aircraft, appeared to be like giant lights, almost stationary, except for gradual acceleration, and apparent size changes.
Navigator - Smith, Douglas, 1st Lt, 421st Air Refueling Squadron, reports that while on the same flight, he took place during the time period involved. He states he apparently was right-seat co-pilot and observed the sighting same as Lt. Dunner. His version, however, is in the following terms:
"I filled into the observer's area to see if I could observe at high or low altitudes. What I saw were several objects well off to the west, about 15,000 to 20,000 ft I would estimate, and this was his first over-water station in a C-97 aircraft. Between navaid checks and celestial observation, he had the opportunity to observe these objects for perhaps 10 to 15 minutes. The appearance of a radar-like oscillation occurred suddenly during a conversation with the co-pilot and was pointed out to me. The objects appeared to be solid, not translucent, and possibly metallic in character. The westbound craft lag is not reliable, and possibly a rationalization based on the observer-navigator's statement."
Set Isaac's had 4 hours, 30 minutes 3/3/58, 21st Air Refueling Squadron, returns from Midway. Multi-engine transport-type aircraft. Over 15,000 ft, no definite trail or exhaust as from jet, speed appears to be accurate, reported sighting of 3 to 5 objects in close proximity, traveling at high speed and making rapid changes in direction. 
Operations Squadron Commander - within P.O. 6/3/57, 6/23, thoroughly commented on previous statements and testimony and there was no more to add at this time. It is only necessary to emphasize that the aircraft commander, Lt Dunner, copilot Smith, and navigator Dunner were the observer witnesses. The incident was considered significant enough to direct immediate reporting through channels.
General: No further information or evaluation.