The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on Smithsonian Institution letterhead discussing reports and sightings related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program for investigating unidentified flying objects.

SECTION OF UPPER ATMOSPHERE STUDIES
BY OPTICAL SATELLITE TRACKING PROGRAM
CAMBRIDGE 38, MASSACHUSETTS

May 2:2, 1952

Captain George T. Gregory
Bates, Air Technical Intelligence Center
Box 639
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Dear Captain:

I have had a chance to look through all the reports you sent, and the one concerning the "satellite-type" sighting at Seaside Park, N.J. on April 8, 1952 has interested me very much. It is clear that this observation is of the extensive bright-light variety, and as such should be given serious consideration, because the details and description given seem to point the way to a somewhat more real interpretation than a mere meteorological or astronomical phenomenon.

On April 8th, there was a spectacular display of an almost incredible number of luminous objects, in a very clear sky, which for some time were observed to "dance" and "maneuver" in a most amazing manner. Comparing the description given with sore of the other reports we have, it would seen that there may be a strong suggestion that this was a very real display of what might be termed "unconventional aircraft".

I had an experience the other night which may bear on this, and we had been instructing my young daughter in some basic astronomical relationships. There came along a spectacular display of lights, unusual in color, and a l:?.ost erratic in nature, moving in another direction, and then a few minutes later an apparently different group in still another direction, and this went on for some time. The lights were net blinking, and there was no engine noise or other mechanical sound associated with them. They did not appear to be anything like an ordinary aircraft or any of the usual astronomical objects. I must confess I puzzled about it and could not find a full and satisfactory explanation.

It is almost inconceivable to me that these experienced observers could have been mistaken. There is something about the directness and certainty of their observations which would indicate that what they saw was very far from ordinary. I am having the raw data from time to time re-examined and re-evaluated, and I shall certainly report to you anything further that we can add on this phase of the problem.

As to the other cases, which I am returning (I will return the Seaside Park, N.J. case very soon), they are certainly interesting, and the details seem to point to a real phenomenon of some sort. I am always very cautious about claiming too much, but I do feel that these reports, as they accumulate, are beginning to suggest that there is an "object" which was seen at the same time on more than one occasion, and which appears to have certain definite characteristics.

I wish I had the time to discuss this with you, as I believe that a serious consideration of at least certain aspects of these reports might lead to results of great scientific interest.

Yours truly,
[signature]