This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed report or document page discussing an artificial satellite tracking program. The text describes the scientific value and tracking methods of the satellite program, as well as the successful photographs obtained and the international cooperation involved. There is no human face or identification visible in this image.

OCR text output:

For an artificial satellite to be tracked most effectively, for positions to be determined to the greatest accuracy, the tracking schedule must be of the order of 2 to 20 seconds of are and of 0.001 seconds of time. A several block schedule is necessitated by the operational requirements of the twelve observing stations. The time presentation within each camera is photographed on each frame.

It can be stated that the scientific value of a satellite for many geophysical purposes rises greatly with its longevity. Prediction oscfllations of various radio and optical signals, measurements of the earth's magnetic field at the satellite elevation, exploration of the cosmic ray distribution at extreme altitudes, and studies of the upper atmosphere are some specific problems because of the variable motion introduced by varying the orientation and the consequent irregular drag. The present schedule in establishing the precision camera program has necessitated a leisurely program. This more leisurely program has more than offset this loss, in terms of improved orbital and meteorological information.

The successful photographs of the first two American satellites by several of the newborn stations is a gratifying signal of the routine tracking soon to be effected. 

Not have been photos responsible network would not for establishment of the technical which. Perforce certain delay physical assistance received through the respective I.G.Y. commitments from governments of Argentina, Australia, India, Iran, Japan, Netherlands Antilles, Peru and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. Their synchronization assistance was indispensable, and though the special program has been deferred into the International Geophysical Year, their previously established cooperation must be complimented.

An integral part of the optical tracking program, is the far-flung complement of optical instrumentation. Visual observation, high speed cinematographic study of satellite passage and rapid acquisition, independent determination of position of satellite and triangulation, are combining and shortly before the demise in final stages of the existence of a satellite COCIOYAI/AFR satellite stations during the period of main preparation of the photographic tracking program. Several thousands of parties involved in this leisurely program and as a the independent determination points in addition to and to supplement the scientific international venture.