The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document discussing a study of "flying saucers" from Project Blue Book. The text on the page provides a detailed analysis of various frames and characteristics of the "flying saucers" observed, including their shapes, colors, and apparent speeds.

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 54—THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS 
The prints used in O Cruzeiro have obviously been cropped since, while the thin frames, they are not square. Frame 1 shows the UFO while at some distance from the island. Frame 2 shows the UFO above, as if at the right of a peak. Frame 3 shows it at the light of a lower altitude. Frames 4 and 5, never properly reproduced, did not show the object, and in Frame 6 the UFO is a mere speck low on the horizon. 
Frame 3, the only one showing the "Saturn-like" shape, deserves special attention. In the published print the mountains in the fore-ground are quite clear, while the UFO is little more than a dark line with an indistinct beginning and end, with a faint suggestion of rounding at top and bottom, without the dark line the curves would disappear so subtile, so completely does the object merge into the background of overcast sky. The picture widely distributed by news agencies is a further enlargement of the section containing the UFO. In this enlargement the foreground looks dark, the UFO a distinct black blur, but the UFO has gained greatly in clarity. The central band is darker, particularly at the left, and the outlines of the object are no longer vague. 
The Navy's study of the negatives revealed several delicate features. The details of the land in the foreground were very sharp, but the UFO disk was hazy, showed little contrast, and was essentially without shadows. The object in Frame 4 seemed to have been inverted with Frames 1 and 3. From the reported high velocity of the saucer and the fast shutter speed, some lateral blurring might have been expected, but no such blurring appeared. Besides, the dimensions as photographed preclude the possibility that they were fraudulent—cannot be known. Experienced photographers can easily think of a dozen possible devices. The probability that they were faked is overwhelming and, but for the embarrassing fact that the Brazilian President had seemed to sponsor them publicly, the Naval Ministry would undoubtedly have exposed the entire hoax. 
In summary, the facts are these: The man who made the Trinidad pictures had no connection with the Brazilian Nav—he was a pro-fessional photographer.