There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text that appears to be part of a Project Blue Book UFO report. I will now proceed to act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and produce the text found in the document:

TENTATIVE ANALYSIS - St. Lawrence Island 
UFO SIGHTING 23 FEB 58

Basic, Essential Data:
1. Semi-circular in shape; first jagged on top - latter smoothing off
2. Size: about half dollar. However, note: AS OBSERVED THRU 7 X 50 BINOCULARS, (object) was therefore 1/7 this size to naked eye.
3. Stationary. No movement reported.
4. Almost one half hour in sight.
5. Direction (Azimuth) from Ob. Pt. - approximately 285" (Rept. states could be plus or minus 15°)

Missing Essential Data: 
1. Azimuth given - but no elevation.
Char[acter] liability of observer (St. Lawrence Island) from Northeast Cape (observer's point) until UFO was lost almost directly overhead to terminate on 1330Z.
2. If the elevation is low - possible that it could have been some light object on the Island itself, (a few miles point) (although the conditions would seem to mitigate against this).
3. If an elevation was high, it could indicate unknown activities or operations taking place in the Gulf of Anadyrsky area.

Significant Points:
1. The bright star Capella was in the exact line of sight given by the observer, at approximately 40°- 45° elevation (which was not given).
2. With binoculars (and the known characteristics of planets and stars observed at high latitudes) this star would appear unusual, particularly if observed through haze or fog. Note, that the object remained STATIONARY for almost one half hour!
3. Although stationary for an exceptionally (for UFOs) long period, neither of the two radios could pick it up.
4. Any explosion (leaving smoke, mushroom debris, etc.) would normally not remain suspended, with the same shape, for such a period of time.

CONCLUSIONS
On the basis of the limited data given, and pending receipt of further data, it is the opinion that the object observed probably was an astronomical body.