The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, likely containing text only.

Transcribing the text found in the document:

(2) Changes in the Greenwich Hour Angle of the sun.
This correction refines the time designations around the earth.

The production of these maps was begun for Satellite 1958 Alpha on December 23, 1958 in anticipation of the monitoring of this satellite during the period when it was introduced and its frequency was established, which was early in January 1959. This production continued throughout the period, including a total of 30 daily projections of visible passages of 1958 Alpha.

2. Modified Maps
In a further effort to popularize the regular publishing of satellite data, we have cooperated with various publications in drawing up modified maps.
The most successful venture of this sort to date has been the modified maps carried by the New York Times from the very beginning, showing the visible paths of all the satellites. This map has been diminished from peak, through March 22, when visibility from the U. S. was lost.

These particular modified maps combined in one illustration the visible paths of all the satellites, showing the time intervals of visibility, the ground passages, and monitoring information. The 1958 Alpha is represented by the dashed lines. Those visible passages which terminate in an arrow actually move out of visibility beyond the map included here. For comparison with the first, was sent to the dailies before publication.

We hope to establish this sort of regular publication even more firmly during the next visibility period.

3. Broadcast Releases
Realizing that even if a large percentage of newspaper readers, that some observers would still not be reached, we have arranged through the efforts of the U. S. National Committee for the International Geophysical Year and the cooperation and facilities of the Civil Air Patrol, to set up our predictions to the observing teams and the public through the Civil Air Patrol's scheduled broadcasts. This program operates continually.