The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED

Case: Effectively the same as those being reported, to add only to substantiate the information which is contained in their report and to deny the existence of any other information or knowledge of the matter except what is contained herein.

1. The following are omissions, errors and/or contradictions in the report:
(Pages 1 - 2): Witness: dated 12 September 1958. Referenced page numbers are from the report.

2. (Page 3) Description of the horror movie (Dracula's Daughter) which the witness was viewing just before the sighting. It is the opinion of the witness that this was a contributing factor to the case.

3. (Page 3) Witness mentions for the first time that window curtains were closed of beauty parlor.

4. (Page 3) The investigators did inform Mrs. H. that she could be required to get an answer to her. However, they made no statement concerning the extent to which she would be required to pursue the matter.

5. (Page 3) 6/24 Heistand questioned Mrs. H approximately one half hour concerning this report. The questions from the Air Force Committee were not present. 6/24 Heistand points out that many more questions could have been asked.

6. (Page 3) The Air Force investigators did not make a house to house search in the neighborhood as had been stated in the report. It had already been pointed out to them that the evidence already collected precluded the necessity of continuing such an investigation.

7. (Page 3 & 4) It is assumed that Mrs. H is the Mrs. F. to whom the Air Force investigators directed their questioning. This is indicated to the investigators from the middle, as an opinion shared by the sergeants.

8. (Page 4) The investigators indicate that no case was at the Air Force Headquarters for consideration and that this report would certainly have been made with Fire.

person from other (Page 6) That this object was seen by two other the individual is the condition of their sighted views from this. it appears that and the fact that though they are no many conscientious regulingable individuals.