There are no photographs visible on this page.

Text from the document:

---
southern sky, just above the horizon. The rest of the group is far south that it fails to rise at all. The 5", "st" south you are, the higher these stars rise, and from southern Florida on June evenings, if it were perfectly clear right down to the southern horizon, you would see two very bright stars in the center, Alpha and Beta Centauri.

Sun's Closest Star

Alpha Centauri is famous because it is the sun's closest neighbor in space. Actually it is a double star, consisting of two separate orbs, revolving around a common center of gravity. They have a more distant and fainter companion, which may be a little closer than the bright pair. This is called Proxima.

The distance of the Alpha Centauri system is about 26 million million miles, or 4.3 light years. That is, their light, which travels 186,000 miles every second, takes that many years to reach us. It is, in a scale model, the period at the end of this sentence representing the sun, Alpha Centauri would be a space two miles away!

The centaur, it will be recalled, was a mythological creature with the head and shoulders of a man and the body and legs of a horse. This constellation, on the old star maps was shown holding a spear which he was using to defend himself from a wolf, represented by the constellation of Lupus, to the left of Centaurus.

The hind legs of the centaur are a very famous group of stars, for these make up the Southern Cross, the constellation Crux. Originally considered part of Centaurus, it is now listed separately. From southern Florida, and the vicinity of Brownsville, Texas, the Southern Cross just rises above the horizon; from Central and South America it comes well up into the sky, the Crux is directly south of Corvus, the crow, a constellation to the right of Spica and a little lower, which is shaped like a ship's mast.

Actually, as the Southern Cross is not as "bright" as our Northern Cross, Four good stars mark its extremities, but there is no star, as there is in its northern counterpart, to mark the intersection. To people who live in the southern countries, it is a symbol of their homeland, and the southern cross appears, on the flags of New Zealand and Australia.

Celestial Time Table for June

June EST
1 3:55 p.m. Full moon.
1 11:35 p.m. Moon passes Saturn.
9 1:59 a.m. Moon in last quarter.
10 8:00 a.m. Moon farthest, distance 251,-
thousand miles.
10 6:00 p.m. Saturn opposition and near-
est earth, distance 839,590,000 mi-
les.
12 9:31 p.m. Moon passes Venus.
17 4:59 a.m. New moon.
21 4:57 p.m. Sun farthest north, summer commences.
24 7:49 a.m. Moon in first quarter.
25 4:59 p.m. Moon passes Jupiter.
26 6:00 a.m. Moon nearest, distance 229,-thousand
miles.
29 6:10 p.m. Moon passes Saturn.

* Subtract one hour for CST, two hours for MST, and three for PST.
Science News Letter, May 24, 1958
---