There are no photographs present on the provided page of the document.

Here is the extracted text:

```
  
                                                              SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112 
CLASSIFICATION (SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in) 

  ORIGINATING AGENCY Comdr., 1001st Air Base Wing IR-01-58 PAGE 2 of 12 PAGES 
  REPORT NO. Andrews AFB, Washington 25, D. C. 

After this unsuccessful attempt to report what we saw, we called the Towson Police Department. They told us there were two patrolmen coming over and we waited for these two patrolmen.

We told them what we had seen and at this time both Mr.                     and myself noticed burning sensations of the skin of our faces and a dryness of the eyes. Mr.                     was rather worried about this and after we finished reporting what we had seen at the dam, to the police, we proceeded to St. Joseph's Hospital in Baltimore and were given a cursory examination and dismissed.

Then we returned home, individually. "

The following account of the incident was given by Mr.               :

"My name isI live                             . I am 27 years old and a collection manager for a finance company.

At approximately 1030, riding along Loch Raven Boulevard, we came around a bend. It was extremely dark, visibility was clear, there were constellations, etc., in the sky. To our recollection there was no moon. 
We came across an egg-shaped object hovering over Bridge Number 1. This is just after you pass the dam. It was approximately, to our knowledge 75 to 150 feet high. There is some doubt to exactly how high it was. We were rather alarmed at seeing the object and we were not qualified to tell exactly how high 
it was.

When we first saw the object it was approximately 300 yards away. We were going approximately 25 to 30 miles per hour as this was bad road. This was rather fast for this road and we slowed down to approximately 10 to 12 miles per hour and came to within approximately 75 to 80 feet of the object. 
We have no way of telling the distances exactly. After we talked it over, we figured out that it must have been approximately this distance that we are talking about. The electrical system in the car seemingly gave out, as if you had your points go up, or somebody took the battery out of the car, or some other type of disturbance of this nature. I tried to put the ignition system on but there was no whirring or anything. I put the brakes on the car and we just looked at the object through the windshield temporarily.

Then we decided to run out of the car and we decided to put the car between ourselves and the object. It was a very narrow road; on one side the lake, and on the other side of a cliff. There was no place to run. 'We probably would have it we could've but we were terrified at what we saw.

We thought maybe it was a Navy blimp. We tried to rationalize what it was. Of course, the fact that the electrical system in our car conked out, made us a little suspicious as to what it might have been.

We figure,or estimate the approximate size of this Object, be followed by the formula C2 = A2 ± B2 or C2 = 75 feet' ± (120 feet) which would give approximately the size of the object. Although we are not sure, we estimate it was approximately 100 feet long since it occupied approximately one-third 

                     WARNING. T.b document containi information affecting th• national defense ol the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws. Title 18, U. $. C.. Sections 793 ond 794. Its tmnsmiosion of the rtt·elotion of iit contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law. It may not be~eproduced in whole or in part, by other than United States Air Force Agencies, except by permission of the Director of Intelligence, USAF 
 AF FORM 112a
 OCT 52 RePLACES AF FORM 112 PART 11, 1 JUN 48. SATISuwih MAY J: UD. CLASSIFICATION (SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in)
```