The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. The text in the document discusses an alleged sighting of a flying saucer and the subsequent investigation and reaction from various government agencies.

Here is the text produced by the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system:

"Early that month (late chapter IB) and among all these things a report from Fairport Harbor, Ohio, was received here with utmost reserve. There will be an investigation to verify the authenticity of the sighting and photo-graphs, before long.

Immediately on informational level, we were told that these pictures were believed proof of extraterrestrial spaceships, or were they a hoax? Who were the witnesses, and exactly what did they report? In the United States, high officials asked for copies of the pictures, for Look magazine asked Dr. Menzel to fly to Brazil to examine the evidence, but later canceled the plan when the Rio office declared the pictures were generally considered fraudulent.

Public excitement in Brazil became so great that on February 25 the Navy Minlstry relegated an official statement, distinguished by its air of caution, which concluded:

"Clearly this Ministry will not be able to make any pronouncement concerning the reality of the object seen because the photographs do not constitute sufficient proof for this purpose."

and after the pictures were published, the Almirante Salduha which had been flying outside the harbor at Rio, received orders to proceed immediately to Santos, did never men have a chance to interview the officers and crew who allegedly had observed the strange saucer and could support Baiano's story. None of them, it turned out, had actually seen the object.

The assistant Naval Attache of the United States, who was then in Santos in connection with the visit of the U.S. Coast Guard officer, stated the Brazilian ship to collect information about the Trinidade affair, but with little success. The commanding officer had shown him the alleged UFO he had seen, but refused to express an opinion and stated that his secretary might have seen it from a better viewpoint.

While questioned, preferred not to discuss the matter. The officer said that he had not been on deck at the time of the sighting, but that other persons might have seen the object.

During the next week arguments for and against the authenticity of the Brazilian papers, and 0 Globo published, deliberately faked views of a "flying saucer" - a China plate blown through the air, in reply to the Naval Ministry's official note, displayed their amazing failure to promote even a statement from the officers and crewmen who were reported to have been the witnesses of the UFO.

In spite of the widespread and increasing skepticism, the weekly "Fato" used the Trinidade pictures for its lead story in the issue of March 5. "Once bitten, twice shy" - the public did not supply to its request. Who seemed instead to adopt the principle, "In Dubio, pro reo"?"