The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be an old Science News Letter article from August 23, 1958 discussing the movement of the planets, particularly Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn, in the September evening sky.

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER FOR AUGUST 23, 1958
ASTRONOMY
MARS DRAWS NEAR
The three planets, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn, in addition to forming a bright evening sky, will be evident in the September sky.
By JAMES STOKLEY
STRANGELY DRAWING CLOSER to the earth will be the planet Mars this month, according to the latest astronomical calculations. On Sept. 7, Mars will be 35,000,000 miles from the earth, which is the closest it will come during the month. At the same time, Jupiter will be 390,000,000 miles by the end of the month. As the three draw in, they will become brighter objects in the evening sky.
Mars, which is fourth in size among the planets, is now brilliantly visible in the evening sky as it appears about 10 times as bright as the beginning of the month. By the middle of the month it will be at its brightest, and two hours earlier in the evening than at the beginning of September. The god of war will then be in the same part of the sky as the two other bright planets, Jupiter and Saturn.
Turning to the left, you will see Virgo, the virgin, and near her three bright stars that form the sickle, the Sickle of Leo. Down below this group you will see Cygnus, the swan, in which the star Deneb is located. Toward the south you will see three bright stars, all of the first magnitude, in which a triangle is sometimes called the summer triangle.
There other first-magnitude stars are also visible, where the increased absorption of the earth's atmosphere has caused their light to appear dimmer. In Auriga, the charioteer, is Capella, in Aquila is Altair, and in Cepheus is Cepheus.
Early Rising Planets
In the early morning the planet Venus appears as a bright object ahead of the sun, while Mercury, innermost of all the planets, which appears as a bright object in the evening sky, is now a morning object, rising before the sun.