The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, with text describing the analysis of some UFO-related photographs.

SUBJECT: Request, Review and Analysis, UFO Report and Photos, IR-53-1, Alexandria, La.
TO: AFFCIN-3C 
FROM: AFCLC-MAT
DATE: 16 JUL 58

1. In commenting on photos for IR-53-1 as requested, these conclusions seem apparent:

a. The spots on the prints were caused by a limited leak in the bellows of the camera used. The spots appeared each time the shutter was tripped, and were caused by light leaks to the film. These light spots failed to appear on the object of interest in the scene, and it is concluded that the observer either did not notice them, or that they were not significant enough to him to report. It is also possible that the areas covered by the spots contained no detail of interest to the observer.

b. It would be possible for this observer to photograph and examine through a viewfinder a relatively small object, and still have it appear on the print as a large diffused image. This could be caused by the distance of the object from the camera, or by the use of a camera with a wide angle lens, which would tend to enlarge the apparent size of nearby objects. The use of a small camera, or the camera being tilted to different angles, could also cause this type of distortion.

2. Looking at the map sketches and direction, number 5 was made some distance away and 1 and 3 appears to be more close-up views, which would tend to bear out the conclusion that the image existed only after it appeared on the final camera negative.

3. In conclusion, it seems most likely, since the observer, during the actual sighting, reported that the object appeared to be large and luminous, that the image existed only after it appeared on the final camera negative. The developed print merely showed the result of the camera operation, rather than a true representation of the object as seen.

SIGNED:
ROBERT M. BUCKMASTER
Major, USAF
ASSISTANNT