The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TRIP REPORT
Name of Travelers: Friends, Robert J., Major, USAF
AFRIV-UCC Aerial Phenomena Group
Date of Trip: 22 March 1960
Place, Name, Location: Indianapolis, Ind.
When Contacted: 21 March 1960
Reason: Mrs. [redacted] of Indianapolis, Ind. called ATIC and informed Major Friend that she had in possession a film of an unidentified flying object which she believed was related to the Northwestern Airlines accident of 17 March 1960. She requested that the film be shown to ATIC in an effort to determine if it was connected with the accident.
Results: Mrs. [redacted], as a member of the AFRIV-UCC Aerial Phenomena Group, visited Mrs. [redacted] at her home in Indianapolis. Mrs. [redacted] cautioned Major Friend that she wanted no publicity connected with this film in any way whatsoever. She especially cautioned against contacting the Air Force in an effort to determine the cause for the accident when the film was viewed in the home of Mrs. [redacted] at her request, and while it showed a flight-near an aircraft, which may have been a reflection, the projection was too small for any positive identification. The film, when viewed as to why she had it, indicated that it was due to her husband's ridicule of her impressions, which led her to show it for publicity, and ignorance as to what agency within the Air Force to contact. She further stated, however, that in view of the Northwestern Airlines tragedy of which she had heard, she was anxious to have the Air Force in an effort to help determine the cause for the accident ascertain the contents of the film.
2. Mrs. [redacted] presently is employed by the Audit Division of the State Employment Security Office, however, it was determined that she was on sick leave as a result of a near nervous breakdown. She appeared very emotionally and intelligent, but very enthusiastic in her discussion of UFOs.
3. Mrs. [redacted] also claimed that a wing of the ill-fated aircraft was recently found some distance away from the main scene of the crash confirming her belief that it was sheared off by a mid-air collision with some other type of craft. Contact was made with PAIC, Indianapolis, who confirmed that this was the case.