The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

TRINIDADE INCIDENT
Trinidade Island, located about 700 miles off the coast of Brazil, was the scene of a UFO incident on January 16, 1958. The incident was reported by several members of the crew of the Brazilian Navy ship "Almirante Saldanha" while the ship was anchored near the island.
ABOUT THE INCIDENT
When the crew was making observations around the position, a strange object was sighted high in the sky. Special observations were made and the object was identified as a metallic, disc-shaped craft. Navy authorities refused to make any comment on the incident at the time.
Later, the news was denied by the Brazilian Navy, but it was reported by the press. The Brazilian Air Force stated that no planes were in the area at the time. The incident received much publicity in the Brazilian press. However, the permission to publish any details was denied by the Navy General Staff. It was said that the Navy had no responsibility for the incident and that "official communique" would be published.
The following text was published in an "official communique" dated 20 January 1958:
"On the morning of January 16, 1958, when the school ship "Almirante Saldanha" was at anchor near Trinidade Island, members of the crew sighted an unidentified flying object in the sky. This object took some pictures of the event. The Navy had no connection with the case, and its only communication was the affirmation that the incident had in fact occurred. The Hydrographic Office and the Ship's Commander felt it was a matter that did not fall within their jurisdiction, and hence they came back with the ship to Rio de Janeiro."
The Naval Staff Command had already stated that no photographs were authorized to be taken, and no further information would be provided. The news and flying saucer signers received no official response. There were no further developments reported.