There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the transcribed text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
(DECONTROLLED)
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
REPORT NO. F-02-1730-10-58 DATE 1732

NAME
PAGE 17 OF 22 PAGES
SUBJ:

COMMENTS ON FIELDSONS OBJECTS

In view of observations made by sources and study made by the two investigators, the explanation of probable physical illusions caused by the satellites seemed reasonable to both groups; it is felt that all practical sources would have been given this case for further investigations as did the other observers.

U^fcd/k^A^JAj/d&if ru//& A*P^rf

F4. KSUWFA TAKTISA
USAFs Task
Commander

The bright sun reflected at a particular time from an object invisible to the observer often produces a puzzling phenomenon, such as the flying saucer reported from Danby, California, early in October 1958.

About 4:00 in the afternoon on October 2, three prospectors standing near a tungsten mill at Railroad Danby noticed a sudden bright glow in the northwest sky which remained visible for about 2% hours and then disappeared. When a glow appeared again the following day at the same time and place, the observers tried to identify it by using a small telescope and saw a bright, oblong object hovering above the horizon; it was the color of aluminum, approximately fifteen feet long, five feet high, and about four miles away. Getting into a car, the men drove in the direction of the object and searched the supposed location on foot for several hours, but could find no trace of the UFO.

Several days later, realizing that the object reappeared every day at about the same time and place, two of the men decided to investigate further. Studying the object through a pair of powerful binoculars, they could see guy wires coming from it and rods radiating from the guy wires. Remembering that two tall radio antennas used by the highway patrol stood in approximately the same location, the witnesses found the explanation, which Air Force investigators confirmed. The antennas, placed some twenty feet apart, extended about twenty feet above the trees. The cigar-shaped hovering object was a special effect depending on a particular combination of circumstances: only during the first part of October, and only late in the afternoon, did the sun’s rays strike the antenna in such a way that the reflection was visible to an-observer at Railroad Danby [1]:

```