The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document containing text describing observations and characteristics of satellites or meteors.

Text extracted from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
(b) Only one satellite was known to have been in the vicinity at the time of observation. This one should have passed through the beam over 200 mni to the northeast about 15 minutes later. The observed object is not likely to have been this satellite, but they are seldom far enough off in either position of the orbit or close of passage for this observed object to have been the satellite.
4.0-3 Previous observations of satellites of north-south direction have shown material rate changes. Objects which have also gradually moved into Beam 1 and then Beam 2, which is not the case here. No satellites in orbit come so close to the earth as the indicated 6h mm, if they did, they would soon fall out of orbit or burn up in the atmosphere.
One should note that there may be several pieces of satellites in orbit which nobody is keeping track of. These pieces could, at times, be observed, and the changes of range of 25 mm per second are not characteristics of satellites intercepts.
(c) The observed target height, 6h mm, is in the meteor band. A very sudden appearance of a strong signal is characteristic of meteors. This appearance of the signal is possible in the case of a meteor. Although there is much yet to be learned about meteors, meteors, it is known that not all meteors in a beam are detected by a radar. There are requirements regarding the orientation of the meteor trail with respect to the radar beam which must be met.
When, too, the exact height at which a meteor trail becomes detectable varies. Either one or both the orientation of the trail and the ionization formation, could explain why the meteor was not seen until such a time as it reached a position which the beam.
The first portion of the observed trail might well have been from the so-called meteor head, thus giving us the very high rate of change or range (the meteor head moves with the speed of the meteor itself). Meteor velocities vary over a wide range, but they may be as high as various that range rate of change observed.

UNCLASSIFIED