The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document under Project Blue Book. There does not appear to be any photograph included on this particular page.

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
7700TH SUPPORT WING (USAFOS)
I. SOURCE DESCRIPTION: 
of average intelligence, truck driver, quiet and reserved, pleasing, specific details fairly well. No inconsistencies in SOURCE's statements were noted.
INCIDENT 1957 to Apr 1958, GROUND LOCATION (42°28'N--72°15'E), and worked as a general laborer with a city concrete firm on construction of four-story bldg in MIN. 
II. UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT OBSERVED OVER TOKMAK:
In the beginning of Jun 58, at approx 22:30 hrs, SOURCE's landlord, Mr. George SCHOELL, observed an unusual object in the sky over TOKMAK. He immediately reported this observation to the SOURCE at once, and, when stopping off into the open, MR. SCHOELL himself was able to observe the unusual object. SOURCE states that the object crossed the "CHUI" river W of TOKMAK, and disappeared in 5 or 7 min direction. 
Object's speed must have been extremely high, for within one minute after the initial sighting of the object, it had cleared the area. The height was estimated to be not much over 500 m, and even though it was at least 2-3 km high, the object moved completely noiselessly.
Other than its tremendous speed, the illumination and color characteristics of the object were most amazing. Against the sky it appeared to be oval- or cigar-shaped, and expressed a bright light at its side of a pale blueish-green color (like that of a search light), whereas against the ground it was a glowing white color as it's beginning (similar to that of an electric arc welder), which was very uncomfortable to the eye. The object appeared to have a length of approx 50 cm, while the "exhaust" protruding at the back had a length of approx 30 cm.
When SOURCE questioned several friends and Mr. SCHOELL about this incident, everyone seemed to be of the same opinion: "The military are testing something new." No further details available.