The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects. The text on the page discusses a UFO sighting in Sweden.

UNCLASSIFIED
AFGHN-USAF-22-0900 UFOB IN SWEDEN
OP-20-16-FOO 
08/1ยง/1958 A-39

SUBJECT: UFOBS IN SWEDEN

1. UNITED STATES AIR FORCE was informed on 12 May 1958 of a UFO sited by reliable witnesses in Europe. The witnesses were residents of Halsingberg, Sweden. The object was observed on 7 December 1957.

2. The only data available to the USAF is that contained in a Swedish language report forwarded to USAF Headquarters. This report describes the object as oval, silvery, and giving off a reddish-orange glow. The object was stated to be large, about 10 meters in diameter, and appeared to be at a relatively high altitude.

3. The witnesses alleged that this was a residue or substance of some sort dropped from the object. This material was examined by competent authorities in Sweden and proved to be a fine, fibrous, gossamer-like substance, similar to spider web. Several hundred examples of this material were forwarded to the USAF with the report of the sighting.

4. In contact with the Air Force's scientific engineering center, analysis of this material indicates it may be of a relatively high dielectric nature. The material appears to be a poorly conducting electrical insulator, containing metallic particles irregularly distributed within the material. It is suggested that the area of the Swedish sighting be carefully examined for any residual radiation.

5. It is suggested that the area of the Swedish sighting be carefully examined before rainfall or snowfall occurs. The sighting itself was observed shortly before noon, and any additional reports or observations should be given consideration.

6. Sighting phenomena of a canary-green glow as reported may require more intensive investigation of unusual atmospheric conditions in the area at the time of the sighting. 

7. Ground or low-level search by trained observers may prove rewarding to obtain additional details concerning size, altitude, direction of flight, etc.

8. A freak wind blowing in an entirely uncommon direction at the time of the sighting may be significant.

UNCLASSIFIED