There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a scanned document titled "UFO OBSERVERS INSTRUCTION SHEET (Sky Diagram)". The document provides instructions and guidance for observers to plot the course of UFO objects on a sky diagram, including details on how to measure elevation, bearing, and other characteristics of observed objects.

OCR Output:

UFO OBSERVERS INSTRUCTION SHEET 
(Sky Diagram)

1. GENERAL:
a. The diagram represents all of the sky normally visible to the observer, 
who is pictured standing under the center of the "dome" of the sky.  It is designed 
to show a three-dimensional view of the area around the observer at the 
time of the UFO sighting.

b. The position of any object in the sky can be described by giving its 
elevation, or angle upward from the horizon, and its bearing or angle along the 
horizon, eastward from north.

(1) Illustrations:
(a) Elevation is 0 degrees for an object on the horizon, and 90 
degrees for the point directly over the observer (zenith). Thus, 
an object half-way up from the horizon to the zenith has an 
elevation of 45 degrees.
(b) Bearing (or "azimuth") is the angle along the horizon, starting 
from north and working clockwise eastward. Thus an object 
directly toward the east, no matter what its elevation is above 
the horizon, has a bearing of 90 degrees; an object in the south 
has a bearing of 180 degrees toward the west, 270 degrees and 
so on. (North is 0 degrees)

EXAMPLE: An object is seen in the northeast and one-third way 
up from horizon to overhead. Thus, the object has a bearing of
45 degrees, and elevation of 30 degrees. Similarly, an object 
halfway a bearing of 180 degrees and an elevation of 60 degrees 
would be seen directly south and two-thirds of the way up from 
the horizon.

2. PLOTTING THE COURSE OF AN OBJECT ON THE SKY DIAGRAM:
a. The path of an object across the sky can be shown completely on this 
diagram simply by connecting which its course or track line the visualizations 
the object makes at various intervals. Thus it gives continuity to the 
path on the western side of the sky is represented by broken lines, the eastern side
in solid lines. Direction of the object is indicated by arrows. The duration of
the sighting can be shown by indicating the time at the position where the object 
was first and last observed. Where possible, the time at various intermediate  
positions occupied by the object should also be shown.

b. The diagrams can be made more effective and analytical tool
by making the lines (showing the path of the object) thicker or thinner to indicate  
any varying brightnesses of the object observed. This is especially valuable when 
the object appeared only as a moving light at first. Thus, if a light becomes 
brighter and then gradually fades, it can be represented by a line becoming increasingly
thinner.

6. Use of colored pencils is especially recommended if the object changes color 
or hue during the sighting.

ATIC FORM 14(ia
(25 July 56)