The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image does not contain any discernible photograph, but rather consists of a typed report form with handwritten text. 

Performing OCR on the text in the document, the output is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

The information and data that you provide may be filled and used as accurate as possible in the investigation and proper evaluation of the event that you observed. You may request confidential treatment of your identity and this information if you so desire. This is done to protect you from any undue publicity or embarrassment that may result from your cooperation in this matter.

NAME: [REDACTED]
GRADE OR STATUS: [REDACTED]
DATE: 12 January 1958
LOCATION: TACHIKAWA, JAPAN - YOKATA AFB, JAPAN
TIME: 6:45 PM 
DURATION OF SIGHTING: about 5 minutes
DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT: Five bright red lights in a perfect "V" formation, they were very bright, large and silent as they moved across the sky with a slight wobble at a very high speed. I observed them for about 5 minutes as they crossed the sky from horizon to horizon. They disappeared at the far horizon. No exhaust or trail was visible.
DIRECTION OF FLIGHT: East to West
ELEVATION OF OBJECT: approximately 45 degrees 
IDENTIFICATION DATA: These objects did not resemble any conventional aircraft that I have ever seen before. I am familiar with all types of military and civilian aircraft that are common in this area and these were definitely not any type of aircraft that I recognized.
ADDITIONAL REMARKS: I was standing outside my quarters at Tachikawa AFB, Japan at approximately 6:45 PM on 12 January 1958 when I observed five very bright red lights in a perfect "V" formation crossing the sky from east to west at a very high rate of speed. The lights were large, very bright, and completely silent as they moved across the sky. I watched them for approximately 5 minutes as they crossed from horizon to horizon and then disappeared at the far horizon. I did not see any exhaust or trail behind them. Based on their unusual appearance, flight characteristics, and the fact that I am very familiar with all types of aircraft common to this area and did not recognize these, I am convinced that these were not conventional aircraft of any type. I believe that I may have observed some type of Unidentified Flying Object.