There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Output:
Set 1/1, Card 3/8
Uruguay
MO #: 26706-08
Sep 14, 58
1) That in spite of that, the light that it gave was a bluish white, it did not produce sparks and does not illuminate the object; a distance of more than 60 kilometers, making all the objects of the same color.
2) That one person who lived Pan de Azúcar reported that the population of the zone confirmed that when the light passed over the area it produced a tremendous noise, they commented on this fact, giving it importance.
3) Some of our suggestion to the field was to find if any sound was heard, this person agreed that it was around 11:30.
4) At 11:13 an AIR FRANCE plane reported to the authorities of Carrasco Airport, indicating that they had observed a strange luminosity over the zone, since the phenomenon that took place at 20:30 according to a report made.
5) The people which were in this moment at the airport could hear a strange sound and see the luminosity.
6) That persons who were on the observation terrace reported that they had heard a noise similar to that described by the residents 16 km de Sauce to Minas, kilometer 76, an object of different characteristics than those described above (as it is stated on the corresponding report), having certain physical effects of which
Set 1/1, Card 1/8
Uruguay
MO #: 26706-08
Apr 7, 58
there are antecedents in other parts of the world.
1) That by the aircraft which has been exposed, this case has very special characteristics which make it difficult to understand in all its complex phenomenon, elements of which make it difficult to explain and appear to certain aspects that this object presents which are considered isolated.
This investigation committee has arrived at the following conclusions:
1) That the object seen in Montevideo, San José and Soriano is the same (according to the previous study of the observers).
2) That this object performed maneuvers which reveal that it was directed by an intelligence.
3) That the C.O.V.E. stated publicly by the press (without stating a deposit that maintains that it was a natural phenomenon such as a meteorite or a thunderstorm, which were the theories of local scientists).
4) That the difference in the appreciation of the size of the object is due to the distance of the observers with respect to the same.
5) That the object changed color (which, according to one of the most widespread theories, would be the product of the method used for its propulsion, electromagnetism).