There is no photograph present in this image. The image is a scanned page from an old document containing text.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

There are some strange goings-on in the evening and night sky above Houston.

On the night of January 3, my wife and I, upon returning from a visit to a bookstore, observed a star-like object slowly descending near Deneb in the constellation Cygnus in the low north-western sky - this object, with the brilliancy of a first magnitude star, dimmed as it sank, becoming barely visible when it disappeared from view behind trees. It did not appear to be a burning object, such as a gas-filled weather balloon. It definitely was not a shooting star.

On the late afternoon of January 12, just before dusk, I was searching the western sky for a glimpse of the planet Mercury. I could not see Mercury because of the brilliance of the sky (the sun had set) but my attention was attracted by a brilliant, orange colored object which at first appeared to be a giant multi-motored plane. It was lit by the rays of the declining sun. It grew brighter for a few minutes, but did not appear to be approaching or receding, except for a perceptible downward drift. I decided it must be a burning plane, but I could see no smoke. I zoomed into the haze for my binoculars (7 X 50) but could detect no motion or outline - they saw the spectacle. I turned to my wife and daughter to see the spectacle. They ran outside (also our maid and neighbors from across the street), and we all examined the object intently through the glasses. The object definitely was burning (my wife called it a 'raft'). It was a mass of flames reaching into the sky almost as high as the object was long. The flames were higher on the left side (south) than the same object side, and seemed to grow dimmer and finally, after about six or seven minutes, sank out of sight. If it were that far, we judged it to be about 10 to 20 miles away. If it were that far, it must have been at least 150 feet. Later, my daughter, age 2 1/2, drew pictures of it. Independently. Her drawing was remarkably like mine.