The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a text document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text describes a report of a Soviet Earth satellite sighting, including details about the size, shape, and trajectory of the observed object. The document discusses the likelihood of it being the Soviet satellite, as well as the lack of any radar or visual confirmation from the U.S. Air Force. It also mentions a request for further investigation into the sighting.

SUBJECT: Report of Soviet Earth Satellite Sighting
TO: Directorate of Special Investigations 
ATTN: Lt Col Moore, AFOSI-6D

1. As result of a review of the matter stated in Comment Nr. 1, and evaluation of the data given by source, the following are submitted upon which to base a report:

a. The Soviet satellite is a hollow, polished sphere approximately 23 inches in diameter. As such, it is the opinion of this Center that it would probably burn up between 30 - 80 miles altitude upon re-entry due to atmospheric drag.

b. It is unlikely that it would be seen as a perfect sphere if it did reach the earth's atmosphere and withstand fragmentation.

c. Assuming that the satellite remained intact or did not fragment upon entering the earth's atmosphere at a rather flat angle. The source states it came straight down.

d. Information available to us indicates that the sphere entered the earth's atmosphere and disintegrated on the incident reported by source.

e. The source states that he observed the object for 10 to 15 seconds, and was able to describe its shape and color in some detail. The sighting duration appears to be unusually long, even if the satellite was still intact.

f. On the basis of the above it appears improbable that the object was the Soviet satellite.

g. ATIC has no UFO report whatsoever from that area at that time; visual, radar or otherwise. This seems somewhat unusual.

h. Because of Congressional interest, it is requested that action be taken to determine the nature of this sighting and conduct an investigation of that area in an attempt to recover any alleged objects in accordance with procedures discussed with Maj Clingerman, Wright Air Development Center, 2 August 1958. They concurred.

i. Further to the above a query has been made recently to this Center for any data on sightings and incidents observed in that area from TV and baseball work. A number of these bodies have been observed in that area.