This image contains a photograph of a typewritten page from an old UFO report document. It does not contain any photographs of objects or scenes.

Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.

8 October 1958

RESEARCH AND ENGINEERING

MEMORANDUM FOR (REDACTED),  OFF
SUBJECT: Sighting of an Unidentified Object - 7 October 1958

Between 6 and 6: 10 PM on 7 Oct 1958, I was walking South on the
600 block of Lee Street, Alexandria, Virginia. I observed a bright
silvery object in the sky due South and at a height of 20째 from the
horizon. At first the object was stationary and then it rapidly gained
altitude, proceeding South and away from me when it disappeared, becoming
too small to see at an angle with the horizon of 30째 to 35째 . The sky
was clear, there was no appreciable wind, and the visibility was un~
limited. The disappearance of the object was due to its rapid procession
to the distance. The total time it was in view was approximately 50
seconds - this permitted me to walk one-half block. Its estimated slant
range would be approximately 3 miles, since, while it was in sight, a
commercial plane from the National Airport taking off South turned West
and was between me and the object. These planes usually turn West about
1 to 2 miles South of Alexandria The object when first seen subtended
an angle of approximately 3째 .  This would make it a very large object
of the order of 600 feet. There was no sound of motor, jet or propellor.
Its shape was roughly spherical with an equator or skirt as shown in
the attached sketch.

No one else was around at the time. The following morning I esti~
mated the angles with a protractor and timed the distance of walking
when the object was in sight.

(SIGNATURE REDACTED)
Special Assistant

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPT OF THE AIRF.AF.F
CFQ *YGG # 4
8ST 4^Q

58-266

5814676

---

This is a faithful transcription of the text found in the provided image/document.