There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which contains text describing the incident.

Here is the text output from the OCR analysis:

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 73-THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS

Here and now comes who reexamined it allegedly agreed that it showed the same Saturn-like UFO that had flown over the island. After the return to Rio he made prints and enlargements and turned them over, together with the negatives, to the Brazilian Navy. The question of authenticity arose immediately. Called down to interview, Barauna made a four-hour interrogation concerning the pictures [sic]. During the questioning he was asked, "If you were going to make a flying saucer appear on a negative, how would you proceed?" He replied, as he later told a reporter, "Commonsense, I am an able photographer, specialized in trick photography, but I could not produce one that would withstand close and accurate examination." [22]

In spite of this modest disclaimer, some of the photographic evidence clearly suggested fraud, and a strong difference of opinion developed among government officials. Some accepted the pictures as a genuine record of a flying saucer; others pronounced them fakes. To some the incident took on the look of a hoax, since the Portuguese pilot, Commandante, which probably means a retired Navy officer, was allegedly the only person present on the scene to claim that pictures had been taken, and he also was the only one to come forward with them. The Brazilian Navy, further concealment because of technical delays and the refusal of its military advisers and newsmen, and against the advice of the Naval Ministry, he released the pictures to the press.

The Brazilian Naval Ministry

The photographs were published on February 21, five weeks after they were taken. Since the President had apparently accepted them at face value, the Naval Ministry was obviously in a difficult position; though it issued a statement notable for its brevity and ambiguity, the pictures were widely distributed.

On the morning of January 16, 1958, over the island of Trinindade, the crew of the school ship Almirante Saldanha sighted an unidentified aerial object for a few seconds. A civilian who was aboard the ship took some pictures of the object. The Navy has no connection with the case, and its only connection with the occurrence was the fact that the photographer was aboard the school ship, and came back with the ship to Rio. [23]

On the same day another Navy spokesman released a similar unofficial statement to O Globo: