This document does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report or document related to a UFO case.

Transcribed text from the document:

The document made a number of specific accusations. Because of the civilian nature of this attack, we shall discuss each point fully, to illustrate the procedures followed by many civilian agencies.

Charge 1: The Coast Guard Coast at Sheffield Lake, Ohio, was a witness to the series of events on this night. The Coast Guard at Station Lake Erie, located in Sheffield Lake, Ohio, did not witness the train's fight shine through the window. The light could have shone into the yard, however, and would have been visible, but no one in the Coast Guard Station saw the light that was stated by a witness to be in the window.

Charge 2: Because of the position of the Fitzgerald house, the lights of the train could have shone into those room windows. The Air Force did not suggest that the train's light shone into the window. The light could have shone into the yard, however, and would have been visible, but no one in the Fitzgerald house saw the light.

Charge 3: Events taking place on the lake could not have had any relation to the sighting because the shore was some 600 yards and trees, a witness in the Fitzgerald house could not see the lake. [Incorrect conclusion from the Coast Guard cutter.]

Charge 4: A beam of a spotlight on a boat moving could have been seen from the house. The beam of such a light could have been seen from the house. The beam of such a light can be visible for great distances. Reflected from the clouds and spread by the drops of moisture in the air, it could easily have flashed into the window of the Fitzgerald house.

Charge 5: The beam of light reported by the Coast Guard cutter was of a type that could not be focused like a searchlight, therefore the beam could not have been reflected from the clouds, as the witness stated. Respect: The spotlight used could operate as either a diffuse or a narrow beam, and could have been reflected from the clouds to the house.

Charge 6: The turning of the beam in the direction of the house only once that night signifies another boat at a time two hours earlier than the sighting and a place roughly five miles from the house. [The December 9, 1957 sighting was 3.5 miles; the statement is incorrect.] A signaling incident did occur at that time and about that place specified, but it had no relation to the house sighting.

In a statement obtained by the Akron Committee itself, the chief boatswain's mate on duty stated that the subject spotlight was flashed on and off a number of times during the search for the missing cabin cruiser.