The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, an Air Force investigation into unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text on the page discusses an interview with a Mrs. Fitzgerald, who reportedly saw a flying saucer. The text describes the questioning of Mrs. Fitzgerald and the investigators' conclusions about the encounter.

Text extracted from the document:

Include questions that allowed Mrs. Fitzgerald to express all her ideas of what she had seen. [Correct. The questions did not ask for the witness's interpretations.]

Charge 26: They did not take notes during the interview. [Correct. They obtained all the necessary information. They had been trained not to take additional notes because some witnesses become nervous when they see that their remarks are being written down.]

Basic charge "These civilians" in procedure proved that the suspicion was they were making an honest investigation. [Incorrect. They omitted no query that might have yielded useful evidence. They only was to report and try to account for what Mrs. Fitzgerald, not to record her belief in a hypothetical spaceship. The details of structure and motion that Mr. C. was eager to insert in the record were more impressive than the mere impression that the UFO was a solid object under intelligent control.]

The basic documents specifically charged that the investigators asked too few questions, and implied that they asked only five of Mrs. Fitzgerald. Yet she answered all the many questions asked, and had no way of knowing how many and what questions were asked, during all the latter part of the interview he was outside the house, trying to interrogate Sgt. C.

There is little more to say of the irresponsible attack based on the Fitzgerald case. The purpose was obvious. In a letter to one scientist who received a copy of the Fitzgerald Report, a member of the Akron Contents Bluntly stated that although the report had been prepared and distributed in order to prove that the Air Force investigation was not far-fetched, or scientific-T1C, this notorious affair and on the activities of civilian saucer-investigation groups in general is that of Dr. Thornton Page, the eminent astronomer who in 1952 served on the Robertson Panel.

After receiving a copy of the Fitzgerald Report, he wrote to a member of the Akron Contents Committee:

As a scientist I am interested in unexplained phenomena, but this one or two cases responsible for Mrs. Fitzgerald's sighting is or are not easy to explain by complex. It is just as possible to say simply that she saw a flying saucer 50 feet in diameter as it is to say that she saw nothing, or that she simply saw the train headlight on a pair of approaching headlights. It would be riduculous to be able to explain her sighting (and the others) satisfactorily from interviews two weeks after the event. It would be ridiculous.