There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically the "Galley 104 - THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS" report.

Text from the document:

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 104—THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS
4. Other factors: (a) Between midnight at 4 A.M., a Coast Guard cutter equipped with an eight-inch spotlight had been flying low and forth on Lake Erie searching for an overdue cabin cruiser. At 4:15 A.M., the cutter had headed east toward Lorrain, reaching there at 4:15, had then continued east beyond Sheffield to Avon, before turning back to the Lorrain Highway station and reporting. 
During the time the cutter had been so engaged, a train had left the Lorrain railroad station. 
About the time the train passed roughly three miles from the Fitzgerald house, eight minutes later the object would have been passing south of the house at a distance of about 100 yards. The engine was using a wood burning stove to produce sufficient steam to go against the strong wind blowing from there that produced the probable course of the UFO. In the hour or so before the sighting, the witness had been setting up alone watching the late show on TV. The film that night was a horror movie, Dracula's Daughter.
Soon after the witness had gone to bed, the Coast Guard cutter on Lake Erie was traveling east toward Lorrain, was very near the harbor and was flashing its searchlight toward the two bedrooms of the Fitzgerald house, and this may have attracted attention toward shore. (b) At the Fitzgerald house and had aroused Mrs. Fitzgerald. At that hour four miles distant from the Fitzgerald house, the beam would have been spread and would have been dispersed still more by the rain falling by the time. Mrs. Fitzgerald reached her window and pulled the light curtains. The searchlight was gone. At the same time, however, the train that left Lorrain at 4:35 was passing south of the house, giving its headlight and producing a roaring atmosphere. Looking through the wet glass of the window, the witness saw the beam of the train headlight moving through the haze in the yard. Smoke from the nearby foundry was also being illuminated by the circular beam of light as the smoke seemed to be a glowing, solid object that moved back and forth and emitted clouds of gray-pink smoke.
In summary, the Air Force concluded that Mrs. Fitzgerald's UFO sighting was induced by a combination of factors in question the frame of mind induced by Dracula's Daughter, the spotlight on the Coast Guard cutter, the rotating headlight of the train, and the noise of its engine, the smoke from the foundry and the haze of the mist in the yard.
This analysis provided an explanation from the witness, who wrote her congressman: "I was outraged when I read the Air Force conclusion to my sighting. The person who made it must be a blithering idiot."

"The Fitzgerald Report"
The UFO Research Committee compiled and on December 1 published a Reinterpreted pamphlet later released in amplified form and copyrighted) entitled: "The Fitzgerald Report". This detailed the account of the Sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object at Sheffield Lake, Ohio, on September 21, 1958. This document charged "duplicity" in the Air Force treatment of UFO reports in general, and asserted that the Fitzgerald investigation in this case had been a whitewash.