The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a declassified Project Blue Book report.

UNCLASSIFIED

1. (1) Due to knowledge of the official Air Force position that we have to consider as genuine those reports from outer space (see fact (b) that a degree of complacency has crept into the program resulting in some believe that this is a subject requiring a more active and cooperative investigation, and fact (e) we have daily had to make evaluations.

(2) As a result in part from the complacency indicated above, considerable time is lost in getting investigations under way, and all too frequently the investigations once conducted and completed either do not result in a final evaluations, or the individual concerned with regard to his competence as an investigator, and ability to properly handle the public contact do not represent a program. We have in fact received reports where well skilled investigators, either private or affiliated with DCDC investigations, have not been as with the scene, primed with the key witnesses, and actually remained present during the investigation. Air Force representatives.

(3) As indicated in paragraph 2 above, many of the private and organized themselves on the scene well equipped to conduct a field investigation. Invariably they have come armed with complicated instruments and various means of recording any phenomena. This is very impressive to the unitiated. And particularly so when the Air Force investigator appears latter appears on the scene. With nothing but a notebook and pencil for use in interrogating witnesses. Some basic factual information obtained from individuals indicates that many cases have been "lost" in many instances.

(4) Investigators are selected apparantly with some degree of random from Air Force installations, and in some cases obviously unskilled in conducting a comprehensive investigation. They often are given an assignment when they consider their job done without regard to the overall questions that must be the final analysis to be answered. (I.e. what was it? does it represent a threat? etc.)

(5) The pattern of investigative reports through various command and mail channels is excrutiatingly slow. Especially in those high-priority published cases wherein DOD starts setting inquiries for analysis type information as soon as public press, radio, and television reports emerge. In many cases in the past this pressure for information has built up to Congressional inquiries prior to AFCIC handling the basic information from a recent approval of the investigation go get.

(6) In numerous instances in the past UFO sightings have drawn a great amount of public interest (have been published widely in the press, radio, television, magazines, etc.) have never been officially presented by the USAF or UPO organizations to point up the inadequacy of the job the Air Force is doing. Furthermore, they bring the same scene up time and time again in an effort to force us to reveal our findings because they know full well that we will never have none.

UNCLASSIFIED

Page 3 of 6