The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

"1. The general procedure used in the investigation of this case was to summarize the testimony of the witness, obtain other. witnesses, both for and against the sight ings, observe the physical layout, search for possible conditions which could be responsible for the sighting, and to exam the general background of the case.

2. In summary the investigation reveals that a radioed track received at Lorain, Ohio, revealed that a train passed the location at the time of the sighting. This information, it is felt, could have been seen by the witness and taken to have been a UFO. Contact was also made with Chief Warrant Officer K.B. Scott, Chief Navigator of the Lorain Control Tower, who stated that his attention was directed toward another ship and that his lights was directed toward shore at the time the sighting was reported.

3. However, 2 other witnesses, both residents of Lorain, Ohio were contacted, but was unable to recall anything unusual or out of the ordinary having taken place at the time the sighting was reported.

4. The weather at the time of the sighting was intermittent mist and rain with low ceilings as indicated by the Chief Warrant Officer. This, it is felt, was an important factor because of its direct effects and the fact that it is often allows for illusion conditions to develop.

5. The Air Force investigators expressed the Air Force investigators as being nervous and emotional, and indicative of a a highly nervous and emotional nature which probably contributed to her emotional states.

6. Investigators further disclosed that Mrs. had received letters from other self-appointed UFO experts concerning her sighting. There has been some sentiment directed toward discrediting the U.S. Government and particularly the Air Force. (Dated J. C. P.)

7. Members to the Air Technical Intelligence Center were informed that the letter and report which has been prepared concerning this case has been forwarded to you as requested by your letter dated 23 October 1958.

8. The investigators, Capt. J. A. Haislen and T/Sgt. V. P. Rolf, state that the entire investigation since 7 September 1958 and it was concluded."