There is no photograph present on the page.

Here is the transcribed text from the document:

```
CLASSIFICATION (SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in)

        SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
ORIGINATING AGENCY

Comdr, 1001st Air Base Wing     REPORT NO.      IR-01-58
Andrew AFB, Washington 25, D.C.                                           
        PAGE     6    OF  12   PAGES

Q. Which police district or precinct were these people from?
A. Mr.    Whatever police is around there.
    Mr.    Towson.
    Mr.    No, not when we came into the city.
    Mr.  Oh, you mean the people we spoke to at the hospital? Whatever
precinct or district is near the hospital. What is the precinct of St.
Joseph's?
    Mr.     I don't know, it might be Eastern.
    Mr.    No, it's not Eastern.
    Mr.    It couldn't be Northwestern, I don't think......
Q. What police department did you first report the incident to?
A. Mr. Towson Police department. We didn't report it to the police
department at St. Joseph's, we only came for treatment there. They
happened to be called by the nurse to see if anyone in the police depart
ment knew anything about radioactive burns.

Q. You say there was an investigation by the NICAP, National Investigational Committee for Aerial Phenomena?
A. Mr.   Yes, do you want me to tell you the history of that investigation?
Q. Yes.
A. Mr.  I received a telegram Monday, no, wait a minute, I received the
telegram Thursday. The telegram said, "Will you please call the
following number: North... " I forgot. It was signed by Dr.
It said to call from two to five (PM) Friday or Saturday.
    I decided to call Friday around 11 o'clock and an individual,
I believe, answered the phone saying he was authorized to take
the call. He wanted to know a little bit about what happened, he said
he would like to come over to the house to investigate. He said he had
geiger counters and all the paraphanalia with which he was equipped
to investigate. I asked him "Are you a government agency?" He says,
"We are not in any way connected with the government, but we do in
vestigate phenomena of this type. " I said, "It's perfectly all right with
me," and we arranged that he was to come over Saturday between 2 and
3 o'clock (PM). Saturday at approximately 2:30 (PM) he came over to
the house and at that time I reported another circumstance that I hadn't
mentioned before, about white spots over the car. They took samples
of this for spectroscopic analysis. We went to the scene at Loch

        WARNING. This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the
        Espionage Laws, Title 18, U. S. C; Sections 793 and 794. The transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an
        unauthorized person is prohibited by law. This material contains information affecting the national Defence of the United States
        within the meaning of the Espionage Laws. Title 18, U.S.C.. Sections 793 and 794, the transmission or the revelation of which in any
        manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law. It may not be reproduced in whole or in part, by other than United States Air Force
        Agencies, except by permission of the Director of Intelligence, USAF
        AF FORM 112a            REPLACES AF FORM 112, 1 JUL, JUN 48,           (SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in)
        WHICH MAY BE USED
```