The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force project to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Here is the text from the document, transcribed as an OCR system would output:

UNCLASSIFIED

cited has never been officially reported to the Air Force. It strengthens their case that they're doing a better job for the country than the Air Force supposed by their critics, and limitations.

4. The information and deficiencies outlined above appear pretty minimum, and lack many considerations, however, to our problem and I believe that it can be had by quite simply applying an aggressive approach, and by consulting a mounting amount of resources to the job. Fundamentally, I believe that if we are to be properly fulfill ATIC's responsibility in the UFO Program it should not be publicly interest, then we must come up with scientifically valid facts which cannot be readily refuted. Those should cover as many areas as possible, and particularly those offered and demanded in this interrogation.

5. That we "fire up" the investigative and reporting action at base level through the medium of an all major commands message from HQ USAF. That to:

(1) Reaffirm the urgency of prompt and adequate investigative and reporting action.
(2) Require official reporting and investigation of sightings announced by local press, radio, or television.
(3) Require use of basic assay type instrumentation in conduct of investigations.
(4) Advise of early distribution of investigative and interrogation SOP (addendum to AFR 200-2) for use in conduct of field investigations.

b. That we address ourselves immediately to preparation of a comprehensive SOP which will properly guide otherwise unskilled investigators on the proper conduct of an UFO field investigation. This to be distributed as an addendum to AFR 200-2 with local reproduction authorized.

c. That from presently available resources within ATIC we create a volunteer service of some 16-20 military personnel to aid in field investigation of the more critical UFO cases.

(1) To the propose have drawn from USAF company grade and non-commissioned officers who do not have much opportunity for TDY travel and field work during the conduct of their duties at ATIC. This group will be given a twenty hour course of instruction by our military training department under the general guidance of the assistant DI and Monsanto representatives, with emphasis on investigative procedures and the proper use of equipment pertinent thereto (See Tab B).

(2) Two members of the ATIC UFO volunteer group will be placed on alert each week and will be on call for critical investigative duty. Their travel and per diem costs will be borne by this program. It is estimated that a roster maintained by the Aerial Phenomena Group ATIC) will be adequate for this purpose.

UNCLASSIFIED