The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Classification
Report No. D-20-6-7-1-29 Page 4 of Pages
The sheriff said that no information should be given to this woman about the source.

10. Information from Mrs. A:
A check was made at the house to see if the source was there. She said that she made the source leave her house about two months ago because he seemed to be a very odd person and she didn't like him around the house. She said that he would stay in the house all day and then go out at night with a telescope and stay until 01:00 or 02:00 in the morning. She gave the new address at where he was staying as 705 2nd St. Source was eventually located at this address.

11. Information from Mr. B, owner of Source's residence at C:
Mr. B stated that the Source was presently staying at his house. He said that the Source had no visible means of support; however, the Source had told him that he had been left some property in W. Va. and SE Ohio, by an uncle who died and that this is his only means of support. He also stated that the Source goes out during the day but comes out every night and returns about 01:00 - 02:00 in the morning. Source told Mr. B that there may be someone calling by telephone or in person to see him and to take their address or phone and he would call. Mr. B also stated that he thought the Source acted rather odd at times and was not too happy about his residing at his home.

12. Information from Mr. D, Postmaster of Marietta, Ohio: During a telephone call to the Postmaster the following information was given: Mr. D stated that approximately one year ago an official telegram came from Denver, Colorado, to the post office at Marietta, Ohio. The Postmaster knowing that the Source had no telephone number took it upon himself and tried to deliver the message. When his arriving the Postmaster heard the radio playing and knocked on the door. The radio was shut off but no-one came to the door. The Postmaster knowing that someone was home knocked again. Eventually Source came to the door and inquired who was there. The Postmaster identified himself and delivered the telegram. The telegram was from Denver, Colorado.