There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book document. The image appears to be a scanned text document.

Charge 1. - THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS.
The nights picturesque up objects in all directions. It is hard to estimate the distance of some of these objects and they snapped on and off during short periods of time.
Charge 1. - The statement that the supposed confirmation of Charge 1 was incorrect. When the investigators visited Mrs. S. she asserted that she had nothing to contribute. At about 3:30 A.M. (Gulf an hour earlier) she noticed a bright-red glow that had startled her at first until she realized that it probably came from the nearby Ohio Bell Telephone plant or from the foundry. The Committee in the December 1957 edition of the document bears no date. The notarized statement used in the 1959 edition is dated March 22, six months after the Air Force interview, apparently. Mrs. S. had changed her mind for reasons unknown.
Charge 2. - The statement by another confirmatory witness, Mr. C., was not available for interview was "pathetic" because it was Mr. C., not Mr. G., who saw the UFO. [The point of this accusation is unclear.] Because of a typographical error in a letter, "Mrs." was changed to "Mr." The fact remains that the supposed witness, Mrs. C., was not available. Also, the flight she reported had appeared.
Charge 6a. It was not true that a misty rain with haze and mist had occurred at the time of the sighting; the witness herself stated that it was not raining. [Incorrect. The Cleveland Weather Bureau recorded continuous light precipitation between 2 and 4:15 A.M. When asked whether it was raining when she saw the UFO, the witness replied, "it had rained a few hours before." A vague response suggesting the rain was not at the time of the sighting.]
Charge 6b. It was not true that smoke from the steel plant southeast of the house could have been a factor in the sighting, because the direction of the wind was wrong. [Incorrect. The Weather Bureau recorded "WSW" winds that night, suggesting that smoke would have blown northeast, directly toward the house.]
Charge 7a. The sergeants did not make a house-to-house check of the neighborhood for other witnesses. [Correct. The neighbors had not two weeks in which to report a visiting spaceship. No such report had been made, even by the neighbor in whose yard the object was supposed to have hovered.]
Charge 7b. They did not ask Mrs. Fitzgerald to make a drawing of the UFO. [Correct. Before their visit she had already made such a drawing, which she presented to the Committee who had shown her a sketch of an alleged spaceship reproduced earlier in an Air Force pamphlet.]