There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a scientific news article discussing the appearance of bright objects in the sky during the month of July. The article provides details about the visibility and brightness of various planets and stars during this time period.

ASTRONOMY
BRILLIANT SKY SEEN IN JULY
The brilliant objects which appear to be seen in the southern sky during July - Jupiter and Saturn, have joined with the stars of the brighter southerly constellation to make an unusually fine spectacle in the evening sky. 
By JAMES STOKLEY
TWO BRIGHT PLANETS, Jupiter and Saturn, have joined with the stars of the brighter southerly constellation to make an unusually fine spectacle in the evening sky during July. 
During July were other planets appear but Jupiter and Saturn are the most noticeable. Mars, normally so bright, seems dim this year, as well as the bright morning and evening stars Venus and Mercury. But Jupiter and Saturn, near the meridian in the middle of the month, are sure to attract attention.
THE PLANET Jupiter, brighter than any star, is in the constellation Scorpius. Saturn, a little to the east, is a pale yellow-white, not as brilliant as Jupiter but still very conspicuous. In the same region is the bright red star Antares, which is part of the constellation of Scorpius.
The brightest star now visible surpasses Saturn, for the latter has been gradually waning in splendor this summer. This is the star Arcturus, just below and to the left of Cygnus, the swan. Arcturus is the fourth-brightest star in the entire sky. Much brighter than it are Sirius, Canopus and Alpha Centauri, but these are not visible from our northern latitudes.
Venus, even brighter than Jupiter, appears low in the east during the evening twilight. But, for the same reason, this is a good time to see the brightness of Jupiter and Saturn.
IT IS GENERALLY known that, at an eclipse of the sun, the moon appears exactly to cover the sun's disk. But for the same reason, this is a good time to see the brightness of Jupiter and Saturn.
IT IS GENERALLY known that, at an eclipse of the sun, the moon appears exactly to cover the sun's disk. But the same effect appears, though on a smaller scale, whenever the moon passes near a bright object in the sky, like a planet or a star. The planet or star then seems to disappear or be "occulted" by the moon.