The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page of text describing a case report from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of UFO sightings.

The text in the document is as follows:

The Role of Unusual Coincidence 

Analogous unlikely coincidences account for many flying saucer reports. The frequency that encourages the misinterpretation and exaggeration of the particular time or place at which the phenomenon appears, or the kind of weather, the experience, physical state, or mood of the observer, his awareness of a certain fact, or any combination of circumstances. 

A fairly simple case of this type was the reported landing of a spacecraft near an Army barracks (often referred to in earlier publications as the "Nike site") of Maryland, which occurred before dawn on the morning of September 29, 1958. The sergeant on duty that morning awoke shortly before 4:25 A.M. and started to the barracks to waken the troops. The sky was clear, with a brilliant white object hovering round like a brother with a searchlight, and the west wind stirred. The object rose up toward the north and south, and then made off to the west. Before the sergeant had reached the barracks, the object had disappeared. Hurrying around the south side of the mess hall to rouse the western horizon, he observed a very bright white, pulsing, oval-shaped object flying at ground level, apparently about five miles west. He ran to the north to keep the object in view, and watched as it flew to the west, after being in view about two seconds. 

Air Force Investigators arrived that afternoon. They had already received many reports that a brilliant fireball had flashed through the sky at 4:55 A.M. and had been observed by many witnesses in the area between Washington, D.C. and Baltimore, Maryland, but no fireball could account for the ground light. The next morning at 5:15 A.M. a fluctuating light was observed at the same place and was studied through daylight till it disappeared, when it could be seen only from the west side of the mess hall, and one step to the right or left would hide it from the observer. Travelling toward the north, the light disappeared, but a dairy barn a mile or more away and on a direct line of sight from the place the UFO had been observed. On one side of the barn was a scorched spot and a small crater. Some investigators felt that, considering the farmer, they were with a white reflector, still turning, as the fluttering object had been observed, that until recently the light had been turned on and off, and had learned that recently the light had been burned out and had broken down to illuminate. The only light it needed to milk his cows. With the shorter days of autumn, however, he had needed the light and had to operate it before. On the morning of the sighting, he had turned on the light a few minutes before the sergeant had noticed it.

Thus several unrelated factors had combined to produce the illusion of a landed space vehicle: 1) only a week earlier, newspapers had reported many brilliant fireball observations in the sky, 2) the bright stationary light near the farm, 3) the scorched spot and crater beside the barn, could be attributed to the landing, and 4) the sergeant's surprise at seeing an unfamiliar light in the area before dawn was the final element that crystallized this report.