There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, specifically an Air Intelligence Information Report.

Text Output:
AF FORM 112—PART II
                                                                   ( CLASSIFICATION )
                                        AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
OFFICE ORIGIN  Language Division                                        REPORT NO. 360 DOI-1-58                                  PAGE 5     OF  5   PAGES
(1)  Sgt. Handy of the State Police, Yorkville Baracks, and a Mr. Brown of Keeseville, New York, sighted a mysterious object on the night of February 8, 1958.  
(2) Object was described as round in shape, about the size of a medium cargo plane, which emitted a soft reddish-orange glow around the edge and in the center was a bright white light.  This object was seen to hover, make a sharp turn and then travel at a high rate of speed.
(3) No other witnesses were mentioned in the sighting, and the object left no indications of its passing or of any aircraft crash or the like.  
(4) Mr. Brown has had some experience around aircraft and is quite familiar with them.  He states that this was not any type of aircraft or missile he has ever seen.
(a) Comments as to cause or identity of object.
Is included with the statement of the sighting. This is quite unusual, and not likely unless they were below their relatively high altitudes of 4,000 and 5,000 feet respectively.  Also, Vanesche is quite a distance from the site.
(3) Statement, supporting analysis and commentary.
(1) In the opinion of this officer the object sighted by Mr. Brown and Sgt. Handy cannot be identified as any known aircraft or missile.  The description would indicate an unconventional aerial vehicle.  While unidentified, this object does not fit the pattern normally associated with instruments of any advanced aeronautical technology of which this office is aware.  This is judged to be a highly unconventional aerial vehicle whose characteristics, particularly its high speed and apparent maneuverability, are not within the capabilities of any known aircraft or missile.  Since this sighting, no additional information of any kind has been uncovered.

WILLIAM E. CHANNING
Intelligence Officer
Plattsburgh Air Force Base
New York