There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a text document that appears to be a report or letter related to a UFO sighting.

UFROLOGY
RICHMOND S, CALIFORNIA

January 29, 1959

Commanding
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Attention: AFOIN-4E2

Dear Sir:

Referring to attached letter, also please refer to Aviation Week issue December 22, 1958, page 24, which reached us after my letter dated December 23, 1959.

If the Thor firing from Vandenberg on September 11, 1958, and if it were delayed more than "scheduled" at about noon but did not come off until about three and a half hours later.

If it were not the Thor firing, it was something else and I answer your queries:

1. Brightness compared to Venus in daylight at greatest brilliancy. This primary object was so bright that the outline of the mountains could be seen against it, without it was some 25 or 30 miles distant. Nothing like it has been seen here before for brilliancy as the basis for determining the magnitude.

2. It should be stated at was preceded by what I after reading the Aviation Week report I note a reference to a "white hot exhaust".

3. This is the time of sightings (within a half hour after) I would guess streak color about that of Arcturus. No pulsations or distinct variations, no flickering, a steady increase in haste then a steady decrease in haste after passing overhead. But also a steady increase in haste then a steady increase in haste when first sighted and when last seen.

4. Unstable condition soon thereafter - within two minutes as well as others steady through binoculars getting an idea being the Redome on Kamloops, and interestingly and getting an idea being the Redome on Kamloops, and interestingly as if you will for me to do.

FURTHER COMMENTS:
If I accept the Aviation Week statement that how do I reconcile the Thor firing stated attitude of 25 degrees? Cause my estimate of 13^ degrees, said variation and give me 29 degrees of error and I get an answer of less than 1500 yards from Vandenberg field through estimating half a mile west from Cloverdale field.