There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing only text.

QUESTION: What was the general behavior of the stars?
ANSWER: Stars normally seen in the sky from the observer's location appeared as usual. However, a small, brilliant, steadily luminous body from three to five times larger than any celestial bodies (other than the sun and the moon) normally seen in the sky, and was a light green in color-approximately equal to a reading of 500 on the spectrograph-with a possibly a slight bluish tinge. It appeared at times as a sphere, at other times as elongated ellipsoid. Its intensity of brightness varied; and it appeared to have a jerky, tumbling-like motion. Its path was erratic and changes of course were not affected by smoothly rounded turns, but rather as though influenced by a disturbing force, making sharp changes of course as if it followed some invisible lines, sometimes in a horizontal direction, sometimes vertical and sometimes diagonally turned in various legs of its course, and moved in an easterly direction at times, at other times in a westerly direction, and again in no specific geometric pattern. As previously explained in their answers to the AITO questionnaire, this appeared as a single body, although often, immediately after it had changed course, a smaller light appeared behind the main body. This they believe to have been an "after-light".

QUESTION: Did they appear as steady points of light, or did they appear to twinkle?
ANSWER: The light did not twinkle although, as previously pointed out, it varied in intensity-sometimes brighter, sometimes dimmer.

QUESTION: Was the estimate of size as seen through binoculars or with unaided eye?
ANSWER: Both. Celestial bodies normally seen were the basis of comparison.

QUESTION: Was the entire movement of object within field of binoculars, or were binoculars moved in order to keep object in sight?
ANSWER: The entire movement of the object was within the field of the binoculars, although it occurred over almost the entire field of vision of the binoculars. Binoculars used have a power of 8 by 50 and a field of 3.5 degrees.