There does not appear to be a photograph present in this scanned document from the Project Blue Book UFO report. The image contains only text, which I will now transcribe:

THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN
This is the official organ of the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (A.P.R.O.), 1712 Van Buren Street, Alamogordo, New Mexico.

ALAMOGORDO, NEW MEXICO, MARCH, 1960

Physical Evidence

NICAP SCORES
NICAP made national headlines on 27 Dec. 1959 on the disclosure of an Air Force Inspector General's brief issued to all commands on 21 Dec. 1959. The brief dealt with "Unidentified flying objects - some sighted of extremely bright intensity at night and difficult to locate accurately identified as stars and planets during the daylight hours."

Authorities Grab Photos;
Hopf Urges Vigilance 
On Part of Membership

Two instances in which private individuals succeeded in obtaining photos of UFOs have come to the attention of the APRO staff.

On September 14, 1957, Mr. Ibrahim Sued, a social columnist for the Rio de Janeiro daily "O Globo", received a letter from a reader. The reader asked Mr. Ibrahim Sued, As a faithful reader of your column, and an admirer of your; wish to know your standpoint on the highest air phenomena, concerning the flying saucers. If you believe they are real, or just a fantasy. I could not neglect to inform you about them. But just a few days ago I had to change my mind, I was at a place near the town of Chabuta, Sao Paulo, where I saw a flying saucer in the air. At the same time other persons who were there also saw it. It speed, to an accidental movement, seemed tremendous. In other words, a seen in a very fast manner. At the last moment, however, when it must have planed to the ground, it made a turn rapidly into a fantastic maneuver, we all were surprised. When we aee the disc it was encircled by a flame as if in might; it disintegrated into thousands of fiery fragments, trailing a daintily brightness. The phenomenon, all thought identical to some kind of fireworks, in spite of the time of the day and the season was almost all, fell into the number of small pieces fell close to the beach and sea - picked up a large amount of paper I enclose herewith a small sample of it. I do not know what this may be. I never read about a flying saucer being composed of paper or anything similar to that. I would appreciate very much if you could inform me something about this unusual phenomenon. 

Mr. Sued, as editor, took to the letter to the office of the Brazilian Air Force, who sent two officers to investigate. The officers made a careful examination of the pieces of material found at the site, and made reports, and returned to the Air Force headquarters. So far, the Air Force has not released any official information about their findings.

In another case, Mr. Perry, a plaza restaurant owner and amateur astronomer, obtained some photographs of a UFO on November 24, 1959. According to the APRO photo analyst, John Hopf, the photos showed an object with a very bright light, and with a dome. Mr. Perry showed them to some customers and friends, and some individuals said, "It seems to be something unusual." The FBI confiscated the photographs, stating that they were interested in acquiring them for "processing and study."

A "specific officer" should be designated by the Air Force to handle UFO sightings and information. He must have the scientific background and also, if possible, a scientific technical background. Responsibility for handling UFO's rest with other intelligence agencies, and the order of preference should be: 1) local, 2) state, 3) county, 4) Air Force.