The image does not contain a photograph, only text. I will proceed to transcribe the text in the document.

state[Redacted]
I was called at 10:30 P.M. April 12, 1959 at which time I saw two objects located in the West. The white object seemed to be going back and forth, uncertain whether on ground or not. It had appeared to be the size of half of light. These seemed to be a connection which gave it the shape of a cone shape and also an outline of red.
Object was seen at intervals. The red object was very small, couldn't tell what shape. It fell in a very uneven and slow manner. It wasn't a bright light. I left in about a half hour at which time the objects were still in view. I used binoculars to view it part time.

Sister[Redacted]
We were informed on radio that Sputnik II would land that night but didn't know where. We saw an object distinctly I watched then it could see it again as I had seen it about 3 or 4 times. About 5:30 I began to look at the stars southwest direction from where it usually came. The first time I didn't see anything but between 5:30 and 6:00, I saw an object that was coming that looked like a star and it seemed to disappear. But in the meantime, I saw this other object in the west and it seemed to drop suddenly from the sky. It seemed to drop for about 10 minutes and it kept on despite dropping. I called another Sister out and asked her if she could see it. At first she didn't see it but eventually she saw it. As we watched it seemed to hover over the ground but not touch it. It seemed to be about 6 feet from the ground. Then it would flare up to rather a bright light and then it would go around back and forth past one spot but still the light was very bright. In the meantime, Sister left to get the binoculars and just as she left the object flared up and seemed like it was going to explode, different colors of light came from it. There were different shades of light, orange, blue, etc. It seemed looked like it was going to burst into flames. By the time Sister came back it had gone back to a white light. We observed through binoculars.