No photograph is present on the document page.

OCR Text Output:

CLASSIFICATION (SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in)

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112 
ORIGINATING AGENCY
Comdr. 1001st Air Base Wing Rpt NO.
Andrews AFB, Washington 25, D. C. PAGE 11  of 12 PAGES 

The observers' reports were logical, consistent and coherent. Neither of the observers' occupations involve observation reporting or technical knowledge. My estimate of the reliability of the observers: Excellent.

The sighting made could have been the same object, since the color (glowing white) and the approximate time agrees. 

Five photographs of the scene where taken on 13 November 1958 at approximately 1200 to 1300 hours EST by a photographer from Andrews Photographic Laboratory. These photos are inclosed.
While enroute to take these photographs I had an opportunity to talk with the manager of a restaurant located across the lake from the bridge where the UFO was sighted. The restaurant was on Loch Raven Road. I had stopped to ask directions and it was mentioned that the manager had made a similar nighttime sighting on the night following the reported UFO. The manager was driving down Loch Raven Road (the same road that the bridge is located on ) while taking one of his employees home: can be reached c/o

Both and simultaneously pointed to a "glowing light" hovering over a field. The time was accurately established as being between 2105 and 2115 EST on 27 Oct 58. The object appeared suddenly and as and continued down the road towards it, it just as suddenly disappeared. description of the disappearance at the time was, "Look, it disintegrated!" The object was in sight less than a minute and no noise accompanied its disappearance.

Neither nor reported this because they felt that they would be called "crazy."

Upon returning to work the following evening a Mr. and Mrs. (other employees at the Baltimore, Maryland mentioned that on their way home the evening before, 27 October 1958, (at about the same time the were driving home) they saw a "glowing object hovering in a field." They also did not report this 

mentioned that several employees heard the noise which was reported by the evening of 26 October 1958, but no one saw the object. described the sound as a "Double boom" -- a "boom .... boom" in quick succession.

To the investigator his description did seem like the sound of an aircraft breaking the sound barrier. The second "boom" may have been an echo of the first.

The restaurant has a picture window which gives a full view of the bridge across the lake. The distance is about 4-5 miles across the lake. It happened that no one was in view of the bridge at the time of the UFO sighting.

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title | 8, U, S. C., Sections 793 and 794. Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law. It may not be reproduced in whole or in part, or than the United States Air Force Agencies, except by permission of Director of Intelligence, USAF.

よ覇のe REPLACES AF FORM II2=I JAN 54 


AF FORM 112a USAF- 1 JUN 49 CLASSIFICATION (SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in)
