The image contains a photograph depicting a saucer-shaped UFO over Portugal. The text below the image provides a detailed description of the alleged sighting, including the date, location, and purported observations by the witness. 

As an OCR system, the text extracted from the document is as follows:

"TO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
Source: Space Craft Digest, Fall Issue 1958

SAUCERS OVER PORTUGAL
by M. Mencarini Alfani

LISBON - In the spring of 1958 four jet pilots at the portuguese Air Force base near the capital city of Lisbon saw a strange phenomenon - four glowing saucers hovering and darting in the sky. The pilots were from the 4th Fighter Squadron and they were able to scrutinize the objects through their cockpits for some 30 to 45 minutes. They did in fact, declare that the saucers were performing in a rather amazing way. Not only did they hover, but they darted off in different directions with tremendous speed. The pilots estimated the objects were moving at speeds greater than 3,000 mph. The saucers also gave off a bright glow and were whitish in color. After some time, they simply accelerated out of sight.

Apparently a number of other witnesses from the ground also saw the objects, including civilians living nearby the air base. These witnesses confirmed the observations of the pilots and testified that the saucers were maneuvering in a most unusual way. Their speeds and abrupt changes of direction were far beyond the capabilities of any known aircraft. The incident created a great deal of discussion in Portugal, where the population is very interested in the problem of unidentified flying objects. Many Portugueses [sic] believe that the phenomenon poses a serious scientific problem and deserves careful study. The pilots who sighted the objects have been interviewed by students of the subject and they stand firmly behind their report. They insist that what they saw could in no way have been conventional aircraft of any kind. The incident will be a source of speculation for a long time to come."