The image contains a photograph that appears to be of the moon. The report mentions that there are three (3) groups pertaining to one (1) unidentified object on the moon, and that the entire set of photographs were extensively analyzed in order to interpret the observations. The analysis revealed that the original film was not obtained, therefore, questions arose as to the authenticity of the photographs in general. The report also states that no attempt was made to determine the cause of the elongated oval shadow seen in one of the photographs, as the cause of the "slight spray" has not been ascertained.

Text from the Document:

AGAIN-4D dtd 14 NOV 58. SUBJ: UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS ON THE MOON
TO AGAIN-4D
FROM AGAIN-4D 30 JANUARY 1959 
COMMENT NO. 4
1. This report is in compliance to a request by Col. Glaser of AGAIN-4D dated 8 December 1958.
2. The subject photographs comprise three (3) groups pertaining to (1) an unidentified object on the moon.
3. The entire lot of the photographs were extensively analyzed in order to interpret the observations. This analysis was severely hampered by the fact that the original film was not obtained; therefore, questions arose as to the authenticity of the photographs in general. This is to say that the photographs could have been retouched or doctored in such a manner as to exhibit more detail than the original would have shown.
4. No attempt was made to determine the cause of the elongated oval shadow since the cause of the "slight spray" has not been ascertained. The five objects in front of the moon appear to be transparent and insignificant in size.
5. Photograph #3 of the same group has an image of the moon taken at a different angle and having a plastic hazy or milky discoloration. This is evidenced by the transparency around the edges. The cause of this discoloration is unknown and cannot be explained.
6. In group (2) the interest is centered around a copy photograph of 35 mm film of the moon. The exposure appears to be underexposed, the objects in the center being barely discernible. Although it is impossible to determine definitely, there appears to be what could be an elongated oval shadow passing across the moon. The cause of the "slight spray" has not been ascertained.
7. The third group (3) appeared to be photographs of the moon showing details and configuration in such a manner as to be almost diagrammatic in presentation. They could not be considered as actual photographs in the normal sense, but rather sketches or diagrams made from photographs or drawings.