The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads:

LT, dtd 15 Apr 58, fm Hq USAF, SUBJECT: Unidentified Object Observation
ORIGIN: 4ht, Oklahoma Place, Tulsa, Oklahoma
APGIN-h84
AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER, United States Air Force, ATTN: APGIN-4h84
TO: District Commander, 5th District Office of Special Investigations, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio
FCIN-4X7C
Reference is made to your correspondence of 31 March 1958, and basic correspondence above regarding the findings of this Center with regard to the subject unidentified object. (UNCL/RESTRICTED)
1. A detailed study and analysis reveals that the object is used for the purpose of correction in missiles, and probably used in all operations. (UNCL)
2. A copy of the report is attached for your information and case files. (UNCL)
3. Paraphrased telephone conversations between Lt. Col. C. A. Mann, 5th District Commander, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, and Col. Gregory, this Center, dated 4 April 1958 regarding the aspects or circumstances of this case, indicate nothing unusual or new elements or facts, and do not warrant any further comment in this case. (CONF)
4. This Center cannot comment with any degree of certainty as to the possibility of an attempted hoax, on the basis of available information. Information appears to indicate a technical inspector with the Air Force industry and an expert geologist as well, could not recognize items assembled as the object in recent operations in this case. It appears no attempt was made by source to personally check locally to determine the identity or use of the object, since there was a very strong opinion that the object was a rocket nose cone. (CONF)
5. As source has expressed a desire to be informed of the identity of the object, it is presumed that you will advise the 5th District Office as to the disposition of the object, should it be returned or retained by the Air Force. (UNCL/RESTRICTED)
The cooperation and assistance rendered this Center in these investigations is appreciated. (UNCL)