There is no photograph present in this image. This page appears to be text from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TRANSCRIPTION:

Trinidade Sightings...
(Continued from page 7)
The USAF SIGHTING of this Island was on the ocean several hundred miles southwest of Brazil, near the island of Trinidade, which is another small island belonging to the South Atlantic Ocean between the Brazilian coast and the Atlantic continent. Trinidade (it is believed) was the site of one of the CAS guided missiles fired from Cape Canaveral at the island of Ascension Island. The reason this was selected two years ago as the place for a U.S. guided missile shot is not known. The instruments and satellites connected with the military treaty between the two countries, the instruments and over the island of Trinidade and about the rocket-trails of the guided missiles and satellites-- were to be cooperated by American crews and Brazilian. As soon as the tracking station was built, it was put into operation together with the already existing tracking system met. Because of the Brazilian station arrival at Rio to see his family. He made some for a few weeks to take care as CAS sightings. (The observations that more instances of CAS sightings were made in Brazil than in the U.S. This was the first CAO sightings over Fernando Noronha)
An ICBM had been fired from the Atlantic Missile Range in Florida, and by the time it had traveled about 5,000 miles, reached a point some 180 miles north-east of the island, the crew saw a bright light just below the horizon. As it went south, it got rapidly brighter. They could see the rocket flame, and as it neared the island, the crew saw a bright light and a smaller light very close to it. They were able to track it back to earth, the crews at Fernando Noronha were reported an arrival of their island station. The radar at this target was picked up on the radar screen. It was the re-entry into the atmosphere of the missile. About 2 minutes later, another "rocket" was spotted moving down the same trajectory but disappeared before reaching the ground. The crews called to track one rocket out the radars had picked up two rockets. No explanation. There was no explanation, and the consensus, for some unknown reason, the crews said that the second "rocket" looked real, but it did not appear on the radar screen.
The "most rockets" continued to be picked up. However, almost every time, a guided missile was being tracked by the station, it was apparent that other rockets were real too. They were short, some kind of Fernando Noronha, and some quite real. It was found out that some came from the main land, and some times may came in pairs, sometimes singly, and sometimes disappeared indicating that the objects had been carrying out maneuvers or, perhaps, they followed the rocket they were tracking sometimes disappearing the whole rocket track.
On 16 March 1958, three more rockets were picked up on the radar screens, and a few seconds later, an official note confirming the photos' authenticity.
The flying saucer is not a ghost from some mysterious world. It is a fact confirmed by material evidence. The Air Force Communiqué and documents, photos, and sightings reports operating as a evidence, for example, discussed the A-12 Dragon Civil and military (AP officers) and citizens-- reported their existence, and no other better explanation for this high-powered optical instrument two hours the saucer was present in the sky, then the official conclusions of the observers, considering.
How to doubt? Unless the Jo-GlOsser, POD, 29, 1959.

Physical Evidence...
(Continued from page 9)
own conclusions about the "behind the scenes" happenings from 9 March to the present. The foregoing material is food for thought.

AN OPEN LETTER
TO AFRO READERS
For the past sixteen months or more, I have served as a director for APRO. I have done my best at all times, and would like to call the members' attention to the present emergency brought about by the relocation of headquarters to Tucson.

The main present objective, besides keeping itself, is to gather adequate supporting material to handle the large correspondence. This will take time, and during this time in which I will acquaint myself with newspapers and printing offices in the new location, I must take leave as a premium member. All the present new problems, mainly those concerning the administration of APRO offices, will be temporarily unattended.

There will be no July 1959 issue of the Bulletin because of the move. The next Bulletin will either be issued a later date of supplement with a figure layout as members due. The bulletins in the future will be issued as soon as the preparations complete. Till then, members will have to be patient.

Our next issue will be on the step-bystep military reconnaissance of the Colorado Springs, Colo., reports received by APRO in the past 3 years. This unusual report will lead to an explanation for the diversities of sightings over the cities.