The document contains no photograph.

OCR Text:

---

CLASSIFICATION (SECURITY

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112 

ORIGINATING AGENCY REPORT NO. PAGE 3 OF 5 PAGES

1006th AISS EENT 10-UFO-2-58 

2000 ft made a right turn out of traffic. He was sure he had observed no unusual sighting or activity during his flight. 

12. Mr. General Operations CAB, Washington, D.C.: Mr. departed Washington National Airport to the South via private aircraft at 07/2208Z Oct 58 (at time of subject sighting) but saw nothing unusual in that area. 

13. ATIC, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio: ATIC had received no reports of subject sighting from other sources, nor of any other unusual sightings in this area. 

14. Bolling AFB, Washington, D.C.: Interview with Bolling Operations Officer, review of Airborne Officer report and control tower log revealed no knowledge of any possible UFO sighting or unusual activity occurring 7 Oct 58. 

15. Washington National Airport, Washington, D.C.:

a. Control tower log revealed no unusual sightings or occurrences. Observations in the southern direction from the control tower was approximately 8 miles. 

b. Air Traffic Control Center: Review of take off records revealed the following aircraft departed Washington National during the period of subject sighting (2200Z to 2210Z):

(1) Capitol Airlines Flight 407. The following is the result of interview with the pilot. Take off was made on 2041 at 07/2155Z Oct 58 heading south. He climbed to 2000 ft and made a right turn out of traffic. During the turn he noticed an unidentified aircraft with a nose light on head- ing north. He estimated the aircraft was at 3000 ft and in the vicinity over Beacon Field. He was definite that the trip out of Washington was routine 

(2) Eastern Airlines Flight 509. Reference paragraph V, item 11. Interview of Captain Zeng.

(3) Private aircraft. Reference paragraph V, item 12, Interview with Mr. Joe Zacko, CAB. 

16. AF Liaison Officer, Navy Research Lab, Washington, D.C.: Check was made with this agency to determine possibility that UFO sighted could have been the Soviet Satellite Delta 1 or Delta 2. This possibility was discounted.

17. National Technical Processing Center, Washington, D.C.: Check was made with this agency to determine possibility that UFO sighted could have been the Soviet Satellite Delta 1 or Delta 2. This possibility was discounted.

18. Neighborhood from which sighting was made: No witnesses could be found to corroborate sighting.

VI. CONCLUSION: Every effort was made to confirm the subject sighting by a second or third person, however, no corroborative evidence was uncovered. The only possibility that might explain the sighting is contained in item V 15b(1): the Capitol Airline pilot's report of an unidentified aircraft with its nose light on flying North at the altitude of the SOURCE's sighting and in the vic- inity of the sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense o the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title IS, U.S.C., Sections 793 and 794. Its tranmission or the revelation of its contents In any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law. Information so classtfied may be imparted by persons in the U.S. military services, foreign military services. and civilian personnel who or in part, by other U.S. Government agencies for official uses only and to U.S. citizens of known loyalty and discretion who of necessity must have access to the Information therein contained.

SECURITY INFORMATION WHEN FILLED classified using Allied Sci
form AF “12a REPLACES AF FORM 112-PART 11. JUN 49 IF OCT 52 WHICH MAY BE USED MUR DOADOD EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDE

---
