The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document titled "FINAL GALLEY PROOF" discussing the "THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS" and providing details about a submarine hunting club, a photographer named Almiro Barauna, and an incident involving a flying saucer sighting on Trinidade Island.

Here is the text from the document:

FINAL GALLEY PROOF 

Galley 80—THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS

The Icarus Submarine Hunting Club

The accounts originally printed in the Brazilian papers and in O Cruzeiro contain a number of significant details that have been glossed over or ignored by UFO enthusiasts, both in Brazil and in the United States [...]who accept the Trinidade Island news stories, frequently gathered by intelligence officers, and of the photographs themselves as leads incescapably to the conclusion that the Trinidade Island sighting was a hoax.

Almiro Barauna was a free-lance photographer. A professional of unusual skill, he had long been interested in flying saucers and, some time before the Trinidade incident, he had published a purportedly humorous magazine article entitled "A Flying Saucer Hunted Me at Home" and illustrated by admittedly faked photographs. He had also published trick photographs of "treasure chests" lying on the ocean bottom. In addition, Barauna spoke of an underwater photography and was a member of the Icarus Submarine Hunting Club, a group given to diving and the study of life on the ocean floor.

When the Almirante Saldanha left Rio for its historic January visit to Trinidade Island, the ship had on board, as guests of the Navy, five members of the Icarus Submarine Hunting Club. Among the five, in addition to Barauna, were Agillar Vieira Filho, captain of the group, and Jose Teobaldo Viegas, a retired captain in the Brazilian Air Force [...]

On January 16 when the ship was getting ready to leave Trinidade, these three friends were on deck. Barauna, with his loaded Rolleiflex, immediately shouted: "Look, a flying saucer!" and Barauna snapped his pictures. No other eyewitnesses have been found, even though the deck was crowded with sailors. The ship's dentist has been listed as a witness (in one document he appears as two persons: under two different versions of his name) but no newspaper correspondent examined mentions his name. Captain Bacellar, returning from his post as commander of the Trinidade station, has also been listed as a witness but.