The image does not contain any photograph. 

UFO BUZZES TRAIN
about have touched close to so they on them they didn't come in close any more. While we were switching at Frankfort they stayed away back up the tracks, just hovered there, until we moved on. Then they followed us again. When they finally went away at Kirklin they just zipped off to the northeast and kept on going and we didn't see them anymore.

It was an astounding experience the train crew of Union Number 80 had undergone during that harrowing hour and to minutes as the freight lumbered across the Hoosier prairie, and it was all the more astonishing for the annals of such things, far its duration and because the objects gave evidence of intelligent control by dodging away from the trains.

The television interview with Cecil Leeland and Edward Robinson got on the newswires that same day, of Lafayette, the Bunker Hill AF base had installation a special line to contact the base at once should such objects again appear. According to officials of the Monon at Lafayette, the Bunker Hill AF base has installed a special line to be contacted if similar objects in the future.

UFOS SERIOUS BUSINESS  
(Excerpt from statement issued by the License Department, December 24, 1959)

Unidentified flying objects - sometimes treated lightly by the press and referred to as "flying saucers" - must be rapidly and accurately identified as serious USAF business in the "zone of interior." As AFR 200-2 points out, the Air Force concern with these sightings is threefold: First of all, is the object a threat to the defense of the U.S.? Secondly, does it contribute to technical or scientific knowledge? And then there's the inherent USAF responsibility to explain to the American people through public information media what is going on in their skies.  The phenomena or actual objects comprising UFO's will tend to increase, with the public more aware of goings on in space but still inclined to some apprehension. Technical and defense considerations will continue to exist in this area. What is required is that every UFO sighting be investigated and reported to the Air Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson AFB and that this explanation to the public be realistic and knowledgeable.