The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

Classification
Report No. 58-7227 - 8Page 3 of Pages

American Citizen and not now or has ever been a Communist or a Communist Party Member:Nand of Quest.-e

as after having talked to the Sheriff, the Postmaster and the last two Land lords where Source had lived, and also after a complete interview with the Source, it was then determined that the report Source had made was a complete fabrication or a figment of his imagination. He had no visible means of support, stating that he received money from unknown persons property from un-able just had died. It was also impossible to find out where this property was because every time Source was asked this question he would give a different answer.

7. Source also stated that he had been a member of AFSCO from 1935-1937 and a member of NICAP from January 1957 until the present time. The following is a probable definition of APRO and NICAP as given by Source: APRO: Aerial Phenomena Research Organization, located in California. NICAP: A UFO Club established by Donald E. Keyhoe. Source stated that he had paid $10.00 to NICAP and all he ever received were booklets. He also thought it was the United States Air Force that had restrained NICAP from doing the job it was supposed to do, mainly located and investigating the real flying saucers and where they come from.

8. Source also stated that he was a high school graduate and had 2+ years of college at LACC, UCLA, AND USC; however, after having talked to the Source it was the opinion of the investigators that the educational level of Source was not as he stated.

9. Information from Sheriff Dean Ellis: The sheriff stated that Mr. Source was not known to him personally and that there were no records of him on file in the sheriff's office or city police station. After finding out that Source lived at an address, the sheriff said that this place was owned by a Mrs. who was a woman who had been involved in a murder not long ago. He said that this woman was not very reliable and was believed to be operating a house of ill repute.