The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

Was the object stationary?
Dull luminous? Pulsating? Reflecting? Transparent?
Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion?
Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
Pinhead, Pea, Dime, Nickel, half dollar, Orange, Grapefruit, Large
How did you happen to notice the object(s)?
Where were you and what were you doing at the time?
How did the object(s) disappear from view?
Compare the speed of the object(s) with a plane or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude.
Were there any conventional aircraft in the vicinity at the time, either before or after your observation of the object(s)? If so, please elaborate.
What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky?
Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any.
Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North, your position, the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared from view, the direction of its course over the area; roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within a mile.
SEE ATTACHED PICTURES
Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area?
Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.
Please enclose any photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes or radio or television programs (include time, station and date) pertaining to this or other observations. We will return the material promptly.
Were you interrogated by Air Force Investigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state the types and give a little of the where and when. Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned?
We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations to NICAP. However, if you prefer, your name will be kept confidential. Please note files. Thank you for your cooperation.
You may use my name. Please keep my name confidential.
Date of filling out this report: August 1, 1964