There is no photograph present in the image. This appears to be a page from an old Department of the Air Force document.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

Dear Mr. Chairman:

Mr. H.L. Keyhoe, Staff Member of your Subcommittee, informed Major John J. Downey, Director of Public Relations of the Air Force, that the Subcommittee was informed that the Air Force investigation of "Unidentified Flying Objects" was terminated as of January 1958. This was not correct. Major Downey was requested that your Subcommittee be informed that the investigation is still in progress. 

It was unfortunate that the producers of this show had to put Major Keyhoe on the spot, when he had beforehand assured your Subcommittee that the Air Force investigation was continuing. The information developed to date does not justify a complete reappraisal of the problem. While there have been many incidents which have caused some concern, the factors influencing these sightings were found to be natural phenomena or man-made objects. These incidents were required to take such action as to determine the exact nature of the phenomenon in a dispassionate, thorough and scientific manner. Nonetheless, there are some individuals who make emotional and unsupported claims that this identifies these incidents as evidence of visitors from outer space. We are prone to remember such claims, even though they are neither supportable nor based on solid scientific data. On the other hand, scientifically valid information on the subject remains difficult to obtain.

The allegation that the Air Force has withheld pertinent information on Unidentified Flying Object reports is entirely in error. The policy of this organization has been to make fully available to the public the results of all Air Force investigations of such reports. Many persons who report sightings do not wish to have the circumstances of their report made public. Since this information is considered confidential, the details made public have necessarily been confined to the minimum which would permit the matter evaluation.

DISTRIBUTION:
ATCH-XI
(Maj Byrne)
OPR CC GGG:
SAPS FILES

SAFLL

SAFLL-3

AFCIN-XI

SAPRD

SAFIS(See
memo dtd 25
Feb 53rd Maj
Lt. Letter w/draft)