The image contains a photograph of what appears to be the moon, according to the text. The text indicates that the photograph was taken on 25 May 1959 on which there was a "small white unidentifiable speck". The text also mentions that this was an "expert photographer" doing research for Princeton University, and that the size of the object in the photograph, which is approximately the size of a pinhead, is not the result of faulty equipment or poor photographic techniques.

UNCLASSIFIED
2D 24-644
DETAILS:
1. This investigation was initiated pursuant to request of
District Commander, OSI District Office #31, File 2D-203, dated 6 June
1959, subsequent to information supplied by MT. JAMES A. RENDER,
Chief, 2d U.S. Army Industrial Security Office, 5100 Princeton Avenue,
Philadelphia 31, Pennsylvania. RENDER stated that he had received a
photograph from JAMES A. FAIRLESS, formerly an employee, Bethlehem Steel
Department, U.S. Steel, Fair-less Works, Fairless Hills, Pennsylvania.
According to RENDER, FAIRLESS, a former employee, Trenton, New Jersey, had produced a
photograph taken of the moon on 25 MAY 1959 on which there was a small
white unidentifiable speck. According to HALEY, an expert
photographer, previously doing research for Princeton University, stated that this white spot,
approximately the size of a pin-head, is not the result of faulty
equipment or poor developing techniques.

2. On 16 June 1959, the writer interviewed Mr. JAMES HENRY, Assistant
tant Director, Princeton University Observatory, New Jersey, who
advised that the had made application for work at Princeton University but was
turned down, but further stated that he was himself an amateur astronomer and had therefore asked
copy of his photograph, which he then forwarded for purposes of carrying out identificational details, Forrestal Research Laboratory, Princeton, New Jersey.

3. On 16 June 1959, the writer was interviewed by the writer. He
stated he had seen a copy of the photograph in question which he con-
sidered to be of no astronomical significance and which he said astronomy no opinions of a photograph could be made as a single evidence. SINGER stated that in his opinion no significance could
be paid a situation such as this without corroboration from several
further photographs taken at different times.

AT TRENTON, NEW JERSEY
4. On 16 June 1959, a Mr. was interviewed by the writer at his
home, 524 S. Olden Avenue. He stated that his photograph was taken as
one of a series of exposures on the night of 29 May 1959 between the
hours of 2330 and 0130. He indicated he had been a "free-lance" photographer since 1937. He indicated the following information regarding himself:

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YMA
INTERVALS UNCLASSIFIED
DOD DIR 5200.10