There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document, specifically a page from a Project Blue Book report from 1958.

The text present in the document is as follows:

"January 17 
1958

Editor Time
New York

Dear Sir:

There are some strange goings-on in the evening and night sky above Houston.

On the night of January 3, my wife and I, upon returning from a visit to some friends, observed a bright bluish-white light descending in Ellington air force base direction. It dipped out of sight, but reappeared, glowing as a first magnitude star, dimmed as it sank, becoming barely visible when it disappeared. 

On the late afternoon of January 12, just before dusk, I was searching the western skies for a glimpse of the planet Mercury. I could not see Mercury because of the brilliancy of the sky (the sun had set). My attention was attracted by a brilliant, strange-colored object as large as a four-motor bomber plane, apparently stationary and at a great altitude. This object made a very definite, regular westward motion at a rather rapid speed. It left no vapor trail, and could not be identified as any known craft.

I decided it must be a burning plane, but on second thought, I discarded this idea, as the heat of such an object would have been apparent. I rushed into the house, called my wife and daughter to see the spectacle. As we watched, the object would then appear, and appear and disappear, approaching and receding. The flame was not steady as that of a burning plane, but seemed rather to be a series of short, bright flashes, glowing intensely, then disappearing. After a long observation, the object was lost to sight, apparently having gone over the western horizon.

This strange incident has caused considerable speculation and discussion in the neighborhood, and several other people observed the same or a similar object. The flames were higher on the left side (south) than the right side. The duration was about 7 or 8 minutes, sank out of sight. We judged it to be about 20 miles away, if not further. The night was clear and calm, winds being negligible.

I would appreciate your comments on this strange phenomenon, and shall be glad to furnish any additional details, if desired. 

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]"