The image does not contain any photographs. Instead, it appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UNCLASSIFIED

(Page 4) The investigators advised that no one was home at the house. Contact would certainly have been made with Mrs. McEntee. (Case 6) The fact that this object was seen by another person from approximately the same vantage point does not rule out the illusion. The same illusion can be experienced by two people independently.

1. (Page 6) In obtaining a description of the item Mr.___ admitted to the Air Force investigators that he was drawing from Blue Book for comparison. Smell is under that there is similarity between her description and the item in Blue Book.

The train time indicated here is not specified as EST or EDT. The Air Force investigator's record indicates a train left the station at 2:32 EDT (3:52 EST) or 52 minutes after the sighting.

(Page 8) The investigators point out that approximately 100 feet of track can be seen from the location and that the train light would not permit identification.

6. (Page 8) The primary job of Haislen and Hof is investigation; they may or may decide that the examination of the file is required. The responsibility for the analysis of all UFO cases lies with the ATIC. In no instance should investigators assume a confidential publication on Air Force representatives.

h. (Page 8) The Air Force conclusion stated that it was a combination of the lights which are responsible for the illusion formed by observers. This is possibly the result of an aircraft lighting the clouds.

The following statements align themselves with the alleged charges of blunders committed by the investigators and/or ATIC:

a. The investigators indicate that the light can be seen from Mrs. ___'s window.

b. There was no claim that the light was reflected from clouds but was possibly shown as the source from the house and found to concentrate the impossibility of the light shining on Mrs. ___'s house.

c. The impression of the investigators is that the light is of the object, light as chief Schott's ship is of the object, and that this light could not be seen clearly enough.

d. Mrs. ___ did admit seeing a red glow on the night of the sighting; however, she attributes this to reflections from the Ohio Edison plant to the WNW of her home. It is to note that Mrs. ___'s home is approximately 3 miles to the west and the plant is some distance to the WNW.