The image provided does not contain a photograph. It is a government news release from the Department of Defense Office of Public Information in Washington, D.C. regarding unidentified flying objects.

The text of the document is as follows:

IMMEDIATE RELEASE
October 6, 1958

FACT SHEET

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT "UNKNOWNS" 
STILL BELOW 2 PERCENT IN LATEST 1,270 CASES

According to latest information tabulated by Air Force authorities charged with investigation of Unidentified Flying Objects, 1,270 new UFO reports were investigated during the period July 1, 1957 to June 30, 1958. Of these reports the proportion of unexplained or "unknown" UFO sightings were definitely established as natural phenomena in 1,163 cases, i.e., less than 2 percent of the reports.

Although investigations were completed on these "unknown" cases without positive or final conclusions, further evaluations and analysis revealed that 14 percent of the reports were classified as unknowns.

Investigations were completed on these "unknown" cases without conclusive substantiations that such sightings were interplanetary.

A sighting is considered unknown when the report contains sufficient information to draw at least one valid conclusion from the descriptive data provided on the phenomena. Air Force investigative processes, however, have resulted in a steady decrease in the numbers of UFO reports placed in this category. During the early months of the Air Force's investigation, some 20 percent of the reports were classified as unknowns. These unknowns were reduced to 3.9 percent in 1953 and 1954, 3.5 percent in 1955, and 1.9 percent in 1956.

The 1,270 new reports during the past thirteen months increases the total Air Force investigations concluded since June 1947 to more than 6,000.

All investigations of reported unusual aerial objects are conducted by the U.S. Air Force Air Defense Command personnel. These select scientific advisory group at the Air Technical Intelligence Center analyze all information.