The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

At 1245, 13 May 1958, Sgt Bluemel and Sgt Nickerson departed Guthrie AFB and proceeded to Marietta, Ohio. They arrived at Marietta, Ohio, at 1510, 13 May 1958, and proceeded to Sheriff John Ellis, Sheriff of Washington County, Ohio. A check was made and it was found out that the source had given an erroneous address on the report. A further check was made with the Post Office and it was found out that the last address given by the source was at 602 7th St., Marietta, Ohio. After checking the above address, it was found out that the source had moved to 705 2nd St. A check was made at the new address and no one was at home. After checking with neighbors, it was found that the owner of the home was at work. The owner was contacted at his place of employment and confirmed the fact that the source was living at his home as a roomer. The source was then contacted at approximately 1845, 13 May 1958, and taken to the Ivon Motel for an interview regarding UFOB he reported.

The source was quite cooperative; however, immediately before the interview began, source informed Sgt Bluemel and Sgt Nickerson that he knew his rights as an American Citizen and was not now or had ever been a Communist or a Communist Party member. After having talked to the sheriff, the investigators and the last two landlords where the source had lived, and also after a complete interview with the source, it was then determined that the report source had made was a complete fabrication or a figment of his imagination. He had no visible means of support, stating that he had received money from income property from an uncle that had died. It was also impossible to find out where this property was because every time source was asked this question he would give a different answer.

Source also stated that he had been a member of APRO from 1935-57 and a member of NICAP from January 1957 until the present time.

The following is a probable definition of APRO and NICAP as given by Source:

APRO: Aerial Phenomena Research Organization
NICAP: A UFOB Club established by Donald E. Keyhoe.