The image does not contain any visible photographs. The text appears to be a document from the United States Air Force's Project Blue Book, which was an effort to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s. The text discusses a UFO sighting in Sweden in December 1958 and the Air Force's investigation of the incident.

HEADQUARTERS
UNITED STATES AIR FORCES IN EUROPE
APO 633, New York, N. Y.

5 MAY 1959

SUBJECT: (deleted) UFO's in Sweden

TO: Commander
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

1. (deleted) During the month of December 1958, there was considerable publicity in the Swedish press concerning UFO sightings. On 9 December 1959, the Air Attache in Stockholm requested USAFE for clarification of the information, and the Air Force Intelligence Officers in Wiesbaden were asked to investigate. The Air Attache representative joined the Swedish group in classifying the sightings into categories. There was no intelligence information of real significance submitted by this director, however, as it was considered that the reports lacked substantiating data.

2. (deleted) The Air representative was shown secret Swedish Air Force intelligence which indicated that many of the reported UFO sightings are Soviet attempts to test Swedish radar and other defensive installations.

It has been able to establish that the Swedish Air Force Intelligence has been closely watching developments and have determined that one wave of these "UFO" sightings, or a phenomenon observed over the Swedish island of Gotland, would have been a piston and jet driven aircraft flown by Soviets from the Baltic area and over the island. Some "halos" were found and analyzed chemically, and it is believed to be the residue of exhaust from such an aircraft.

It is believed that the Swedish Air Force Intelligence "experts" pointed out that this is the Swedish air defense practice of routing Soviet aircraft over Sweden, and the "unknown" phenomena are not unknown at all, but rather a Soviet attempt to probe Swedish air defenses.

3. (deleted) requested the ATI representative to ascertain through ATIC whether there are any similar reports from other Scandinavian countries, and whether any international investigation of this phenomenon, such as high altitude A- or H-bursts, high altitude rocket experiments, etc., is planned. (deleted)

UNCLASSIFIED