The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document, the output is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS
31ST AIR DIVISION (DEFENSE)
United States Air Force
Selfridge Air Force Station
Saint Paul 11, Minnesota

DTY
26 May 1958

SUBJECT: Completed Action on UFO Report

THRU: Commander
Central Air Defense Force
Richards-Gebaur Air Force Base 
Kansas City, Missouri

TO: Commander 
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

1. The UFO report in question was submitted under Project SIGN on 12 August 1954, and your message, inclas. AFJN-4-345-1001-3, 21 May 1958, in regard to completed action on UFO sighting of 28 February 1958 at Lake Pepin, Wisconsin.

2. The UFO report in question was submitted under Project SIGN on 12 August 1954, and ARGUS sighting on 12 August 1954. However, this headquarters was informed by the ATIC that any physical investigation would have to be directed by headquarters, 1006th AISS. Headquarters CAAF was informed of this, while this organization was in turn informed to obtain all other details and with its own transportation went to Lake Pepin and investigated all leads on the spot. Also all other available information was obtained.

3. After we had analyzed all reports our conclusions were: 
That the report received on Lake Pepin, Wisconsin, was not completely reliable. Only individual who reported having seen an object on Lake Pepin, was not completely reliable himself. The same commercial fishermen and commercial fishermen at Lake Pepin could not find any object on the lake nor a hole made by an object.
Lake Pepin was covered with ice and snow which made recovery operations impossible.
All other witness reports indicated that an object, probably a meteor, fell at approximately the same time, to the ATIC or Headquarters, CAAF.