The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document and provide the full text output.

THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN
March, 1960 Page 3

Physical Evidence...
No. 15 6/1" dated September 24, 1957, Regis Pretious, Sao Paulo, Brazil:
This photo shows the unidentified object which he photographed. The object was round, saucer-shaped, and silvery in color. The altitude was approximately 600 meters, and the object was sighted for approximately 6 minutes.

The particles were dark gray, solid and amorphous in structure. They were about 1/16 of an inch in diameter, and are believed to have been produced from the object during its flight. Analysis showed that the particles were composed of compressed carbon which was apparently produced by the application of a fingerprint.

Dr. Fontes checked up on the photograph and found that it was bona fide. At first sight he might think that the stuff was debris, but he had had some experience with such material and recognized that it was unusual in weight, Fontes noted that the stuff was lighter than aluminum—almost as light as paper.

Dr. Fontes then told him that he had read the account, and would like to examine the material and sued insisted that he would be most grateful for the opportunity. Dr. Fontes would also like to know the results.

Before beginning the analysis procedure, Dr. Fontes weighed the possibility that the stuff could have been artificial, but concluded that this premise were true, the material would have pretty good properties of elasticity and could not have been as light as it was, and that it had never exhibited any interest in UFOs and who were under suspicion. Therefore, he accepted the sample as genuine and sent the stuff to the only man in the public eye that he could think of.

In his fully documented report, Fontes stated that although he would have sent the material to the U.S. for analysis, he hesitated to do so inasmuch as he had the staff in his hands, he decided to investigate the incident, but inasmuch as he had the staff in his hands, he decided to investigate the incident.

For the analysis which he knew would have to be substantiated, Dr. Fontes submitted a part of the sample to the Material Production Laboratory, a Mineral Production—a Brazilian government facility. Dr. Pretious, who had the object photographed, was at the time engaged in special work with radiation, but over to the U.S.A. for personal reasons. Fontes, who, after studying the material, said that the fragments of the Brazilian UFO were quite light in weight, almost as light as paper, and that the specific gravity of the substance, and that it was so light that the substance was metallized plastic, rather than the usual matter, i.e. the substance was metal. It was the first time Fontes decided on a spectographic analysis.

Official analysis of the sub-stance submitted by the Material Production Laboratory concluded that the substance was not a mineral of any kind, and that it was a plastic of some kind, exhibiting characteristics of being extremely hard, extremely light in weight, and the color was a dark grayish-black.

Fontes then decided to make a comparative spectrographic analysis to determine the composition of the material. He planned to request a second spectrographic analysis of the material, which was made by the Geophysical and Astronomical Observatory of the National Observatory in Rio de Janeiro, a highly respected scientific institution.

Edison Penna, a former chemist at the Brazilian Navy, performed the second analysis. He planned the analysis to determine concentration and precise identification of the elements, but found that a second analysis was unnecessary. He plannet the analysis to determine concentration and precise identification of the elements, but found that a second analysis was unnecessary.

The results of the first and second analyses agreed fully. The material was found to be an alloy consisting primarily of magnesium, with traces of other elements. The magnesium content was determined to be approximately 99.5%. It was concluded that the material bearing no resemblance to any ordinary alloy or plastic, must be a highly processed and refined material, "with impurities, if any, at a level only detectable by the most sophisticated analytical equipment." The report stated that the material was the "purest magnesium ever produced", and that it was extremely unlikely that it could have been artificially manufactured on Earth with the technology available at the time.

Editor's Note: The documented report, according to the information, shows that Dr. Fontes' examination and Dr. Barbosa's report on the X-Ray diffraction analysis film, conclusively proved that the material was an extremely pure form of magnesium, far exceeding the purity and characteristics of any known man-made magnesium alloy. The report concluded the tests which showed none of the impurities normally found in man-made products.

Don't Miss - the full story of APRO's attempt to get the facts about the latest evidence to the public, representatives, phone-tapping, and other "Expert" attempts to identify magnesium as something else proved.