The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UNCLASSIFIED
(2) that each man may expect to investigate 5 cases per year. They will in each case be approved promptly 8 days.
(3) Approximately six sets of investigative equipment will be made up into suit-case type flyaway kits. These will be kept in a constant state of readiness by the Aerial Phenomena Group and will be promptly issued to investigators for use in each case. These sets will include the following items of equipment:
(a) Tape recorder.
(b) Assay type geiger counter.
(c) Cameras and film.
(d) Transit or compass.
(e) Swipe test filter papers.
(f) Earth and swipe test sample containers.
(g) Binoculars.
(h) USG and GS maps of the area of interest.
(i) Interrogation and investigative forms.
(j) Necessary paper, pencils, etc.
(4) Orders for TDY travel will be initiated by the Aerial Phenomena Group for the movement of the volunteer group. These orders will cite TDY funds which should be made available for sole support of this program. Assistance, primarily military air lift (see following paragraph), and maximum support from nearest Air Force facilities as stipulated in AFR 200-2, we estimate per annum TDY costs in support of this program at $5,000.00 (See Tab A - Support of this program directly to the Phenomena Group).
a. To keep costs down, and at the same time to allow prompt movement to Air Force bases nearest to scene of critical sightings, it is proposed that the procedures prescribed in AFR 300-2 be followed to provide for priority air movement of ATIC UFO investigators to nearest Air Force facilities using CPR aircraft and pilots. Crew and aircraft will stand by for investigations taking less than one day. Return flights will pick up investigators where more than one day is required.
5. Due to the many ramifications of the program presented herein a conference regarding the feasibility was held on 16 December 1958 (see Tab C). This meeting confirmed the feasibility of the program as outlined above.

UNCLASSIFIED