The image shows a page from an old Project Blue Book document. The photograph on the page appears to be a blacked-out or redacted section, with the text "UNCLASSIFIED" written across it. There is no other visible photograph in this image.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

was going to let Major Friend handle this case according to her. She felt that someone was out to get this officer by giving him a job as not as this one. Then she was more-or-less interviewed and then she said return to him by the audience of Major Friend. Elated that his phone and guidance of Major Friend related that his case was under investigation. They told him not to discuss it with anyone because Major Friend was very much in charge. The officer was released from duty for two weeks because she had been instructed. He further wanted to know if W/Gen. Watson had been in the mission. Denials by the called in m/Gen. Watson was very definitely behind the whole thing as a result of his rather peremptory office.

Finally Miss turned over a set of his prints to Major Friend and informed that he was told only in the interests of national security.

All during the interview not let drop intimations that his eyes were in which that he could see things which others could see only through powerful telescopes. And that he might produce anything to be seen or heard or recorded from anywhere near or far. Speaks or these beings. And that various was conscious mention or wheel within a wheel.

On 4 December 1958, Major Friend briefed Major Hyne and Major Tucker on the results of the dealing.

II. The Investigator's Impression of Witness

This man knew photography and the intelligence community had. He was a man of more than average intelligence. This man knows military photography and the latest techniques . While his physial and astronomy is limited. he tends to be more mental than manual. In his opinion he is getting a brushoff. He is a layman's summation of the psychological attitude of the investigator.

1. Exhibits a superiority complex. It is hard to tell if this is his real attitude or a defensive mechanism for an inferiority complex.

2. The general appearance was that the man was subhuman. He wore his clothes in a sloppy manner and the same degree of untidiness was evident in his mannerism and his person which gave the impression of a careless and uninterested individual.

III. Actions.

On return to ATIC Major Friend turned the photographs over to AFOIN-4D for analysis and/or interpretation.

IV. Analysis.

The report from AFOIN-4D appears as Tab-G to this document. The photographs were UNCLASSIFIED.