There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document, likely a letter or report from the "Congress of the United States" addressed to the "Secretary of Defense" regarding "Unidentified Flying Objects" and "Project Blue Book".

CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
WASHINGTON, D.C. 
May 8, 1958

Hon. Neil H. McElroy
Secretary of Defense
Department of Defense 
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Mr. Secretary:

I have read with considerable interest the book, "The Report on Unidentified Flying Objects," by Edward J. Ruppelt, telling of the work of Project Blue Book.

In order to be brought up to date with respect to the information developed since Ruppelt left the project, I should appreciate having the answer to several questions. Briefly, these questions are:

1. Is Project Blue Book, or some similar project, still in operation to receive, investigate and evaluate UFO reports?
2. Have reports of UFO's still continued to come in? If so, how many since 1953? How are these distributed by year and month?
3. How many have been classified as "unknown" by your investigators each month?
4. Have any efforts been made to get more scientific data on UFO's than is provided by visual sightings or by visual observance of radar equipment? For example, have any efforts been made to track and triangulate UFO's so as to determine their speed and altitude?
5. Have any tests been conducted to ascertain whether the acceleration of a UFO is sufficient to cause effects on the human body similar to those produced in high-speed jet aircraft?
6. Have instrument recordings been made of UFO's by ground observers, and have any photographs or films been taken of UFO's? In addition to knowing the answers to the above, I should appreciate knowing if any of the above or similar efforts have been planned, are in progress, or have been completed.

Could you furnish me reports on any ten of the best sightings in the last five years which have been classified as "unknown"?