The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program to investigate Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs). 

Transcribed text from the document:

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for FEBRUARY 22, 1958

ARMY USING INVISIBLE LIGHT TO CARRY MESSAGES

The Invisible rays of invisible light are being used by the Army to transmit messages through the air. Using this technique, the Army can communicate with troops in the field without the knowledge of the enemy.

Radio and wire messages can be tapped and intercepted by the enemy, but these invisible light rays cannot be picked up or disrupted by physically connecting a device to the beam. Over the horizon, the invisible light rays can be transmitted to a receiver that converts the light signals into communications.

This invisible light communication system has several advantages. It is not affected by weather conditions and cannot be jammed or interfered with by the enemy. Since the transmitter and receiver do not require an actual physical connection, the communication system is very difficult to locate and tap.

The Army is studying how to best utilize these new invisible light communication techniques on the battlefield, where enemy forces cannot detect or disrupt the transmissions.

METEOROLOGY

See Advance
Storm Warning

Descriptions of the formation of hurricanes and predicting the paths of these giant tropical storms are given in research being done at the Smithsonian Institution.

D. S. Gentry and R. H. Simpson of the Weather Bureau's National Hurricane Research Project, West Palm Beach, Fla., reported meteorological data yielding new clues to the basic mechanics of hurricanes. They believe some of the complex features of the great storms may be unraveled.

During this, hurricane season, means obtaining accurate forecasts have become increasingly important to civil defense agencies themselves. The natural disasters threaten damage and loss of life during the peak of the hurricane season.

Any clue to the complex meteorological information concerning these storms is of vital importance.

The meteorological conclusions of the researchers are among the newest information.