There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document.

Transcribed text from the document:

May, 1950

Trindad's Sightings...

The "Gala Crest" maneuvered in several directions and disappeared into the horizon--come back just a few seconds later. I was told, as an air traffic control officer, I could not confirm or deny this report, but the real sensation had been in the office of the observer, where he had received some information. 

In the course of my personal investigation, I asked some friends about the high speed reports that had appeared in the press, but the reports existed, but had been rejected due to the observatory lack of equipment. At my request, they also rechecked the radar reports. These continued Barasana's report. According to the radar technicians, the ship could not be picked up on the radar, two days before Barasana's sighting, at about 6:30 P.M. Their direction had not been determined, and the strange body was not identified. However, as they were not sure that it was an airship or a reflection, the radar technicians admitted the possibility of a defect in the set, and it was normal.

Another bit of interesting information refers to the notes written in the newspaper DIARIO ESPANOL, on February 12, 1950. The staff members were going to tell you something about the island of Trinidad sightings that were reported in the papers. I cannot vouch for the source of this information, the sightings of the flying saucer itself. I do receive reports on the progress of the investigation, and the conclusions made from the analysis of the data via telemeters, and apparatus in scientific condition, associated operating organizations like the Air Force are looking into this, in proximity. The Navy decided to give this a "oneness fact."

Inside Navy circles, it was not possible to obtain any information of the facts, since they were connected with a confidential security measure, and were used to confirm or deny the information. All this results from the APRO files of sightings from Puerto Rico, showing that the Navy has failed to get further details concerning this data.

The Man Who Saw the Green Ray
"Trindade," with two p's, is the man who saw the green ray, Admiral Eutiques from the Navy general staff, told me that Commander Barauna was followed by a sailor who saw the objects maneuvering, and his report agreed with that of Commander Barauna, which was sent by telegraph to Rio de Janeiro. (it is believed that this sight was by a Navy ship).

Sailors were the witnesses. (Rio de Janeiro, February 9, 1958). I must confess that I was not impressed with the information so far known to me. Those who saw the first part of this story knew that it happened off Trindade island, and I had received information about a slight sighting involving a Navy ship on February 16. The incident of "Trindade" and the incident had occurred on January 16, which was near the coast of Trindade, I thought - however, just a few days later, I saw again the name "Trindade." This time it appeared in an official document, the House of Representatives (item 83) on February 27. This confirmed my impression. Now I was impressed. I rechecked my information but on the same sources, I couldn't find anything to indicate that the "Trindade" sighting had anything to do with the same sighting. I began to believe that the discrepancy might be due to a coincidence of names, for it was then that I was startled to some uncertainty, for the information I had received stated that the "Tridente" had sighted the objects near Trindade some days earlier than January 16, and the same source confirmed the same details on January 16, 1958. The same source had furnished additional data on the "Tridente" sighting. I couldn't find any records to substantiate other sightings on the Espirito Santo coast that day. The sighting had been witnessed by Dr. Aluir Barbosa, Director of the Maia Observatory, and Pedro E. Nunes, Director of the National Observatory.

Inside Navy circles, it was not possible to obtain any information of the facts, since they were connected with a confidential security measure, and were used to confirm or deny the information. All this results from the APRO files of sightings from Puerto Rico, showing that the Navy has failed to get further details concerning this data.

The Last Sightings on the Island of Trindade
After the happenings of January 16, 1958, the Naval Ministry decided to set up a permanent photographic project on the island of Trindade. This camera project included automatic cameras with telescopic lenses and a continuous 24-hour photographic record on the island. The last sightings on the island of Trindade were on the 4th and 5th of January, when another new UAO appearance, witnessed by the island inhabitants, was photographed. I don't know if we have the system worked up, but rumor has it that it performed that a U30 appeared over the Island on the 4th, in the daytime. One of the observers, a Navy doctor, tried to photograph it but the object vanished. On the 5th, at 3 p.m. it was sighted again on the northeastern horizon, it was described as a shiny, metallic object, flying very fast and at a tremendous height. The photographer at the station was still setting up his camera when the object disappeared from sight.

These sightings were widely publicized in the local press.