There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
UFO Sighting, Sheffield Lake, Ohio
SAFIS-3, Attn: Maj. L. J. Tucker
AFGUIN-38 AFCIN-HEEAE/Maj. FRIEND/ac/69236/Bldg 528
17 December 1958
1. Reference the questions outlined in AFCIN-HEEAE Ltr of 7 December 1958, to M/Sgt. Fisher - The ATIC will not recommend any disciplinary action be taken against the investigators. The ATIC feels the investigation was adequate and intense and rejects no recommendations or implications made by the investigators being prepared for presentation to the Commander of ATIC for this study does not propose administrative or other Air Force action - this study was in no sense prompted by this case.
2. Enclosures: One copy of "Investigative Report," dated 13 September 1958, published by the UFO Research Committee of NICAP, containing detailed statements and information on the Sheffield Lake, Ohio, incident of September 11, 1958. This report indicates paragraphs dealing with the specific charges will substantiate the competence of the investigators.
21 September 1958 and the conclusions and/or contradictions in "The Investigative Report," dated 21 September 1958, and published by the UFO Research Committee of NICAP, Ohio are a matter of opinion. The incidents cited there are a (Page 1) No mention of the horror movie (Dracula's Daughter) which the witness was viewing just before the sighting, is in the opinion of the ATIC that this was a contributing factor to the emotional vulnerability of Mrs. (Page 2) Witness mentioned for the search time that window curtains were made of heavy cloth.
3. (Page 2) The investigators did inform Mrs. (name redacted) that approximately thirty (30) days would be required for the Air Force to get an answer to her. However, they made no statement on how long it would take to obtain the answer of the investigation which would be made available.
4. (Page 3) T/Sgt Haisten questioned Mrs. (name redacted) for approximately two hours. During the questioning Mrs. (name redacted) of the UFO Research Committee were not present. T/Sgt Haisten points out that many more questions could have been asked if those listed members of the Committee had been present.
5. (Page 3) The Air Force investigators did not make a house to house check in the neighborhood. It has already been pointed out that these men have considerable experience and are capable of conducting an adequate investigation without the necessity of continuing investigation at additional expense.
6. (Page 3 & 4) It is assumed that Mrs. (name redacted) was contacted by the Air Force investigators and indicated that nothing unusual occurred in the vicinity of her home prior to the sighting.