The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a "Science News Letter" publication dated April 26, 1958, which discusses the visibility of Jupiter and Saturn in the evening sky during that time period, as well as the year's only eclipse of the moon on May 3.

The text in the document is as follows:

ASTRONOMY

Saturn Joins Jupiter Universe

In May, Jupiter and Saturn will be visible in the evening sky, and Mars, Venus and Mercury in the morning sky. The year's only eclipse of the moon occurs May 3.

BY JAMES STOKLEY

JUPITER, NOW shining brilliantly in the evening sky, will soon be joined by Saturn, the planet with the rings. As soon as it is dark enough to see the stars, Jupiter will be visible low in the southwest, and Saturn, now rising, will be plainly seen to the southeast, although it exceeds the star in brightness only about one-tenth. 

As the month goes on, in Ophiuchus, the serpent-bearer, and a little to the left of Antares, the bright, reddish star in Scorpius, Saturn will be growing brighter and higher in the sky, until it becomes as bright as the star.

The ringed planet, which shows the appearance of a flattened globe, is in Ophiuchus and moves westward during the month. By the end of May, it will be nearly midway between Jupiter and Antares. 

While Jupiter is shown on the map of the southern half of the sky, Saturn does not quite make it onto the map - it is still below the horizon. At the beginning of May it rises about three hours after sunset, but by the end of the month it appears only about an hour after Jupiter.

Arcturus Conspicious Star

About the most conspicuous star to be seen on May evenings is Arcturus in Bootes, the herdsman, which is almost directly overhead about 9 p.m. This is one of the brightest stars in the northern sky, and lies almost due north, a little toward the northwest. Just below this group is Cygnus, the swan, with Deneb. Although this star is rather faint, it is the highest and brightest of the three in the group that make up the Northern Cross, which is a good deal fainter. It is so low in the northern sky that its light is rather more obscured by the earth's atmosphere than the stars farther overhead.

Antares, in Scorpius, also appears fainter than it should, for the same reason. This is the bright red star to the right of Virgo, and now in its best position for the year, almost due south. This marks the location of the "teapot" in Sagittarius, which is called the "sickle" because of its shape.

SYMBOLS FOR STARS IN ORDER OF BRIGHTNESS
JUPITER
SATURN