There is no photograph in this document. It appears to be text from a Project Blue Book report.

Transcription of the text:

"Came 2:14 a.m. to 2:45 a.m. A Coast Guard cutter equipped with an eight-inch spotlight had been flying back and forth in Lake Erie searching for an overdue cabin cruiser. At about 4 a.m. the cutter had been headed east toward Lorain, reaching there at 5:15, but this continued case beyond Sheffield as daylight approached. The Coast Guard cutter returned to its lifeboat station and bringing a 4 a.m. (b) At 5:55 a.m. a train had left the Lorain railroad station, crossing this route while continuing past Sheffield house. Eight minutes later the train had passed within about 100 yards. The engine was using a rotating headlight.

From these facts, it was possible to reconstruct the probable sequence of events:
At about 4 a.m. the cutter's spotlight, while searching for the overdue cabin cruiser, illuminated the area near the sighting. The witness had been sitting up alone watching the late movie on TV. The film that night was a horror movie, Dracula's Daughter. About 5 a.m., soon after the witness had gone to bed, the Coast Guard cutter on Lake Erie was traveling toward shore. The light had briefly illuminated the two bedrooms of the Fitzgerald home and had caused Mrs. Fitzgerald, a light sleeper, to investigate. Going to the window, she had observed the spotlighted cutter and was reaching to pull down the curtains when the searchlight was gone. At the same time, however, the train that left Lorain at 5:55 was passing causing a noise produced by the spotlight and producing a roaring noise made more piercing by the moist atmosphere. Looking through the wet panes of the window, the witness saw the bright light moving through the haze in the shaft of smoke from the nearby foundry was also being blown into the yard. I1luminated by the circular beam of light, the smoke seemed to be a form of gray-pink smoke.

In summarizing, the Air Force concluded that Mrs. Fitzgerald's UFO was an illusion produced by a combination of factors: an excited frame of mind induced by Dracula's Daughter, the spotlighting of the Coast Guard cutter, the approaching headlight of the train and the noise of its engine, the smoke from the nearby steel plant, and the illumination of the nearby night."

The report is titled "The Fitzgerald Report" and it indicates that the UFO Research Committee compiled and published the report on December 1st, which described the sighting of an unidentified flying object in Sheffield Lake, Ohio on September 24, 1958. The report suggests that the sighting was a misidentification caused by a combination of factors rather than an actual UFO.