The image does not contain any photographs, it is a text document from Project Blue Book. As requested, I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

Discussion
This first item in this roll of film. Barinna had been afraid
discussion must of necessity be briefer than the brief incident which gave rise to it. Captain Baranna
and his friends Jose a' Espinoza, etc. he explained were in the group photographed aboard the
"Tchabaldo (Vice Admiral of the Zone-Arichar region) and Aomar Vieira Filho, certainly understandable
osition of the
at the time of this unfortuante hunting incident."
Tereading the statements of these men, we find that some of the exposures were
merely that condition (See AEC p. VI.)
The two persons who made the photograph were individuals who could either be a combination of two persons
or represent a single photographed group. However, as the bulletin has pointed out before,
art are not consistent, and it is felt that this was so merely to mistakes in copying.
by the men who forwarded them to the Air Force. In a conclusion, we must call attention
to the fact that no positive identification of the object could be made.
The photograph labeled No. 2, is mentioned, in the article as most im-
portant for it summaryzes what Captain Casave gave Captain Brasilia. However the
FACTS which he prepared to be sent to the AEC are not included in the analysis.
Chief of the Navy High Command. Adairal Alvez Camera on 25 February
1958 wrote Admiral Alves Camera. the U.S. Naval Attache has this photograph and
decided to send information on to the Navy Minister.
Let us further emphasize a few other points: Barinna went into that observation
body. No place to conceal extra film or
paraphernalia with which to add to make
a composite etc. He was there only
photographing what occurred before his
camera. Civilians (Mr. Granda Vieira and
Senhor Baranna) witnessed everything.

There possibly will be criticism of the foregoing stated documents, whereas the document states its own opinion. But if the criticism if it comes, it will probably be a result of resentment for a USAF having backed the AEC when they
real documents, in a related effort to de-emphasize the authenticity of the "Trindade case.