The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document with handwritten text.

As an OCR system, the text in the document is as follows:

25 April 1958

At approximately 9:30X on 25 April 1958, I woke up to give the baby her bottle, which I had forgotten to do. I glanced out my bedroom window and looked, for the first time, at the night sky. I then saw an object that appeared to be a bright object or light, like a very bright searchlight, moving across the road from the houses. I thought that it might be another searchlight, and I looked at it again. It then appeared to ascend a bright bluish-white light in the sky behind the street lamp. I thought that it was the landing lights or wing lights up the wing lights and about to land in some clear area near the house. I then realized of a parachute had opened and as the light moved away I saw that the light was apparently extinguished. I then caught a glimpse of a parachute, which I did not have on my glasses. I am rather near-sighted and have astigmatism and should wear my glasses. After watching the light for several minutes I noted the time as 0435X.

I notified the light unusual and decided to have a single experiment to see if the light was moving. I placed my eyes on one of the vertical cloth strips of the Venetian blinds and I saw the light moving slightly, first one way and then the other. I could distinctly see the light with one eye and the light with the other. After a couple of minutes the light appeared to go out. I then determined that the light had shifted several times to the right and the left of its original position. I watched the light until approximately 0440X, at which time I heard my wife crying and talking to her in her sleep. I returned to our bedroom window to watch the object, but it had disappeared.

As soon as I returned to the bedroom, I told my wife what I had seen but she wanted to sleep. My spouse wanted to call the police but I decided not to do so, feeling certain that the report would be dismissed casually. It was approximately 0445X when I returned to the baby's room to watch the object. It did not reappear. After several minutes I went back to our bedroom. The object did not appear again.

The light was a steady bluish-white color like some (fluorescent lights) I have seen. There appeared to be no distinctive marks or other light on the shape in the sky. The circumstances of the light gave an impression of some type of aircraft moving silently across the island and almost ready to disappear over the horizon. As approximately 0455X I could no longer see the light, which was again plain readily. As a second-lieutenant at USAF I could not even begin to explain what type of aircraft or other object I had observed moving across the island. I appeared close to the right side and even with the top of the street light. The movement was different from any aircraft I had ever seen. The light together "marked" on the right, appeared and disappeared but stayed approximately 5 to 10 seconds after the cycle was repeated. It was about 15 seconds or less between cycles when the light was completely blacked out.

The object appeared at about 0430X and was visible until about 0455X. I estimated the distance as 1 to 2 miles away from my quarters. The installation of the light went it disappeared over the horizon. The installation of the light went it disappeared over the horizon. The installation of the light went it disappeared over the horizon. I estimated the total duration of the sighting as to be about 0425X to 0455X, or about 30 minutes in length. I have no other explanation for what I saw. It was unlike any aircraft I have ever seen. The light was not fixed, but moved in a smooth, steady manner quite different from any maneuvering I have witnessed of aircraft I am familiar. The circumstances of the speed, altitude, and manner of the light gave an impression of a structured aerial craft of some kind, but I am unable to identify or classify it as any known or probable aircraft.