There are no photographs present on this page.

OCR text output:

```
CLASSIFICATION (SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in)
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
ORIGINATING AGENCY
Comdr, 1001st Air Base Wing Andrews AFB, Washington 25, D.C.
REPORT NO. IR-01-58
PAGE 10 OF 12 PAGES

b. Light conditions: Night.

5. Location of observer(s). Exact latitude and longitude of each observer, or Georef position, or position with reference to a known landmark: Gardenville: Clifton Park Observation Center.

6. Identifying information of all observers:

a. Civilian - Name, Grade, Organization, Duty, and Estimate of Reliability:

[Redacted]
Estimated reliability: Qualified above average.
[Redacted] is a student and a member of a local (Gardenville) Astronomical Society. He is in the process of becoming a member of the GOC.

Judging from my conversation with him he displayed a keen interest in UFOs and was well informed on the subject. He seemed to be very conscientious and assured me that he could distinguish aircraft from other objects.

I would estimate his reliability to be above average because of his interest in plane spotting and astronomy and experience in the local astronomical club.

The Ground Observer Corps (blacked out) had not logged any record of any UFO reported on 26 October 1958.

St Joseph's Hospital had neglected to make any written report of the "superficial examination" but they did recall the incident. The desk nurse, Miss (blacked out) called the Northeastern Baltimore Police District for aid and advice since no one at the hospital had any experience with radio-logical burns.

The nurse contacted Lt. Cummer and Sgt Hirsch of the police department and both of these men went to St Joseph's Hospital and rendered advice to the UFO observers. No treatments were administered.

Both (blacked out) and (blacked out) appeared to be well educated and spoke in an intelligent manner. They seemed sincere and they indicated that they did not want publicity. 

The parts of their statements related to the Ground Observer Corps and St Joseph's Hospital were borne out by telephone conversations between GOC and hospital personnel, and myself.

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title 18, U. S. C., Sections 793 and 794, the transmission of the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law. It may not be reproduced in whole or in part, or by other than United States Air Force Agencies, except by permission of the Director of Intelligence, USAF.

AF FORM 112a O CT 52 REPLACES AF FORM 112-PART 11 JUN 48, CLASSIFICATION (SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in) WHICH MAY BE USED. U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE 1952-0-216048 16-08144-10
```