The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document describing a UFO sighting that occurred in Sheffield Lake, Ohio on September 21, 1958.

The text in the document is as follows:

UFO SIGHTING
SHEFFIELD LAKE, OHIO
21 September 1958

On the morning of 21 September 1958 at approximately 0300 EDT, the witness was awakened by a very bright light which illuminated her bedroom. Looking out a bedroom window which faced her front yard, she saw a flat, circular object with a dome-shaped top. The object was approximately 60 to 80 feet in diameter, and it was moving slowly in a pendant, descending motion. The object was reported to be accompanied by a floating oscillating motion. The object was reported to be approximately 50 to 75 feet above the house.

In Summary, the investigation revealed that a railroad track ran near the home of Mrs. X. Contact with Mr. X's station master at Lorain, Ohio, revealed that a train had passed the witness's home at approximately the same time as the reported sighting. This train had an illuminated headlight, and this light could have been seen by Mrs. X. Contact was also made with the Officer-In-Charge at the Lorain Coast Guard Station. The chief reported that he was using his spotlight to attract the attention of another ship, and that this light was directed toward the location of the incident. This time element was found to coincide with those reported by Mrs. X. Mrs. X of Lorain, Ohio, was contacted but was unable to recall anything on the night of the reported sighting. Mrs. Z, another witness of Lorain, Ohio was not available for interview.

The weather at the time of the sighting was intermittent mist and rain, which has some subtle effect. Weather is always an important factor because of its direct effects, and the fact that it often allows for indirect conclusions (i.e., when, where, and how).

Investigation further indicates that Mrs. X received letters from other self-appointed UFO experts concerning her sighting. These letters inferred that Mrs. X may have received harmon in some way, and were toned for encouragement to Mrs. X and all directed toward discrediting the U.S. Government and psychologically the Air Force.

The Air Force conclusion in this case is that Mrs. X and her step-son were illuminated from the combination of lights from the train and possibly the Coast Guard boat, the roar from the engine, and the prevailing weather conditions. It is not uncommon for the senses to be stimulated under such conditions, resulting in aberrant visual and auditory impressions.