The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed report or document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text of the document is as follows:

Upon receiving a request to investigate a UFOB, in the area of Marietta, Ohio, from Capt Uvenger at ATIC, M/Sgt Blumel and M/Sgt Nickerson made a preliminary check with 4717 GCC, Base Weather, and 58th Air Division at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio.

A check made at Base Weather established that the weather at Marietta, Ohio, during the period of sighting indicated clear skies with a 5 mile visibility. A check made with 4717GCC at WPAFB indicated that the Filter Center at Charleston W.Va. had not reported any unidentified sighting during the period of sighting. A call was made by Capt Hendrick from the GCC at WPAFB to Capt Hoffman at the Filter Center in Charleston W. Va., to ask him to make a complete check of all observation posts in the area of sighting.

Sgt Blumel and Sgt Nickerson then talked to Lt Col Bennett, the D/I for the 58th Air Division at WPAFB. He said that the maneuver ACH&W Sq located at Guthrie AFS, Guthrie W.Va.. Lt Col Bennett also stated that the report was phoned direct to WPAFB from Marietta, Ohio, and received by Lt Col Delmar I. Me Cracken at AMC Command Post. Lt Col Mc Cracken then forwarded the information to Sgt Farr at the 58th Air Division Control Room, at which time a routine report was made and reported by TWX to all organizations concerned.

After collecting all information available at WPAFB Sgt Bluemerl and Sgt Nickerson proceeded to Charleston W.Va., and stated that after checking all observation posts, the Marietta, Ohio, area no unusual sightings were called in during 8 and 9 May 1958, also that he had not received a UFOB report in over two months.

At 1045, 13 May 1958, Sgt Blumel and Sgt Nickerson reported to 1st Lt Miller, Adjutant of the 783rd AC&W Sq, Guthrie AFS, W.Va. They were then taken to Capt Schwarz, Chief Controller, and complete check of all tracks and radar scope readings were made for a period to four hours before and after the time given for the UFOB sighting. All sightings were identified by the Capt, Controller and there were no indications of a UFOB in the reported area during 8 and 9 May 1958.