There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The page appears to contain text only, with no visual images or illustrations.

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER FOR NOVEMBER 29, 1958

Displaying natural curiosity by overexploring the undiscovered with artificial aurora, physicists at Stanford University have found the latest key to some of nature's best-kept secrets.

Surprising them as it has followers of the interests that run from the barest theoretical speculations to the most exacting experiments, the basic orientation toward science and the world seems to have been altered.

Basically, the achievement represents a new phase in a program of research that hase been under way for some time as physicists try to learn more about the upper atmosphere and the enigma of the northern lights.

The research, which employs the resources of what is known as Project Firefly, a Stanford-directed high-altitude rocket program, produced artificial aurora over Sweden and Connecticut, as well as near the equator. As the article states, the implications may help understanding of the normal magnetic activity at certain times.

Research with artificial aurora may help understanding of the plasma processes and energy transfer in the upper atmosphere.

SENT TO SCIENCE STARTS IN EUROPE BEFORE SCHOOL

IT WHAT HAPPENS is a child's first question on having a conversation, whether it concerns a new experience or an unusual happening. The science interests of boys and girls, of course, are far wider. This is why the Palemon Foundation, under a grant from the National Science Foundation, embarked on a new program of science education.

This program, planned to be an experiment in determining differences that might make science more appealing to boys and girls, resulted in the development of new types of science materials and a change in the teaching approach. The intent was to discover whether individual differences lead to preferences for particular aspects of science.

According to Dr. Rae Sedler, who describes the program, the pattern of science interests shows some unexpected differences between boys and girls. However, these differences have more to do with the approach to science than with basic aptitude for science itself.

Some of the attitudes and habits found helpful were: getting girls interested through "doing" experiments that have an emotional appeal, relating science topics to human interest, and avoiding as much as possible the memorization of unrelated facts. An attempt was also made to use more visual materials.

Science News Letter, November 29, 1958