The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document that provides instructions and guidelines for interpreting diagrams related to UFO sightings as part of Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

3. EXAMPLE OF DIAGRAM USE:
Southeasterly, about half-way up from the horizon to overhead, at 10:45 hi local time. The object appeared to be circular with a dark rounded center and a brighter outer rim about the size of a pen (at arm's length) from where observed. It was dim at first but brightened considerably as it got higher in the sky. Its color at this point was bluish white. After about two minutes it crossed to the western part of the sky a little to the north and it got brighter and stood out clearly against the dark sky. The object appeared to have a two-thirds of the way to the horizon. It then stopped and hovered for about one minute and then climbed rapidly, going toward the southeast and getting brighter. In less than thirty seconds it had climbed to an elevation of approximately 60 degrees, and then the light went out abruptly.

4. FURTHER INSTRUCTIONS AND INFORMATION:
a. Relatively complex trajectories can easily be shown on a diagram of this type. A number of objects sighted can also be indicated, as can any changing formations. The apparent size and shape of the object should be drawn in, preferably by the observer in the case as he or she Judged them to be.
b. The use of colored pencils is very desirable to indicate change of color, as color change may be a significant factor.
c. The landscaping in the sky diagram is placed there to help visualization. If by your description landmarks are mentioned, these should be incorporated into the drawing. These landmarks may later prove to be invaluable for location, plotting or reference points.
c. If you are familiar with the constellations or other heavenly bodies, indicate if possible, the relationship (and movements) of the object with respect to those bodies. This can sometimes be sketched on either page 6 or piece 9-10. The description illustrated: "...The object seemed to pass very slowly between the two bottom stars on the handle of the Big Dipper..."