The image does not contain any photographs. I will now act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document.

UNCLASSIFIED
about what they saw and normally report sightings in a strictly patriotic interest. A prompt investigation, sound analysis, and accurate report relating to what they saw leaves them with a pride in what they did and in the service that is most concerned with their defense. A sloppy investigation, evaluation based upon inadequate facts, and subsequent effort to discredit their story makes them vulnerable to propaganda expounded by the various UFO organizations.
Of some of the UFO organizations, such as the National Investigations commissions on Aerial Phenomena, will take the deficiencies in the Air Force Program and take advantage of every opportunity to place us in a defensive position. In fact, it is understood that Captain Ruppelt, who was responsible for the ATIC part of the UFO Program from early 1951 until September 1953, is now affiliated with NICAP. In this organization alone, Major Keyhoe [ ], and Captain Ruppelt, an ex-ATIC specialist, represent a formidable team from which plenty of trouble can be expected in the future. Both appear to be in the business for the money involved. Comparable conditions involving eminent authorities of questionable intentions exist in other of the 49 UFO organizations.
In light of the background information provided above, these deficiencies take on their proper meaning:
a. Investigations conducted by various Air Force installations in many cases (and particularly those claiming close observation or landing of UFO's) are inadequate to serve our needs for prompt and accurate evaluation. This is apparently so for these reasons:
(1) Due to knowledge of the official Air Force position that we have yet to uncover a specific threat from outer space, a degree of complacency has crept into the program resulting in something less than complete or satisfactory performance.

UNCLASSIFIED
Page 2 of 5
01/18/2023