There is no photograph present on this page. 

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

```
CLASSIFICATION (SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in)

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
ORIGINATING AGENCY
Comdr, 1001st Air Base Wing                      REPORT NO.
Andrews AFB, Washington 25, D. C.     IR-01-58                      PAGE  8 OF  12  PAGES 

looking at the bridge, I feel Al is more correct.

Mr.         ~you 175 yards would be a good guess,

Mr.       ~his is when I went back with the NICAP boys.

Q. What type of bridge is it? What construction, generally?

A. Mr.      ~It's a steel bridge, freshly painted. A steel girder bridge, it has two sections, one section on the half of the bridge connected to the ground and another section in between as the plank.

Mr.      ~The bed, the road bed portion, of the bridge is wooden, by the way.

Q. You said you observed the object from behind the car for approximately 30 seconds?

A. Mr.      ~After we got out of the car it was 30 seconds we actually watched it. 

Q. You also stated that the object in relation to the road and yourself seemed to be either over or a little to your side of the bridge and not beyond it? 

A. Mr.      ~That's what I would say, what do you say.....?

Mr.        ~If anything it was a little more toward our side, more than likely, because of looking up and so on, it probably was over the bridge itself, directly over the bridge. 

Mr.       ~You seem to be using that as a focal point, the bridge.

A. Mr.       ~For what?

Mr.      ~For what? Like it was on strings. (Pause) I am sorry I saw it; I wish I hadn't seen it. I'd rather not be going through all this interrogation. I did see .. something like this. I hoped that if would see would add to the national interest or national information that would maybe help understand these things a little better. I do know that they exist, now that I have seen it myself. I am not saying that it was a flying saucer, I don't know. I do know there are at least such things now as UFOs.

      Upon further questioning ........... and ........... indicated that they were contacted ........... and ........... Baltimore, Maryland,
phone: ........... attention was called to the ........... observers through the local newspaper stories. The following information was received from ...........

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage laws, Title 18, U.S.C. Sections 793 and 794. The transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law. It may not be reproduced in whole or in part, nor may its contents be duplicated by the Air Force Agency, except by permission of the Director of Intelligence, USAF.

FORM IN  OCT 52  112a                      REPLACES AF FORM 112-PART 11, 1 JAN 48, WHICH MAY BE USED.                                             CLASSIFICATION (SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in)
```
