The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an issue of "The A.P.R.O. Bulletin", which is described as an official publication of the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (APRO).

The text in the document is as follows:

THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN
ALAMOGORDO, NEW MEXICO - MAY, 1960

EXCLUSIVE IGY PHOTO ANALYSIS

THE PHYSICAL EVIDENTIARY STORY

Editor's Note: The following is a chronicle based on an A.P.R.O. analysis of certain photographic fragments from Ottawa, CANADA, which came into our possession during the International Geophysical Year (IGY) of 1957-58. It is not our intent or purpose to belabor the accuracy of this analysis, but rather to contribute to the knowledge and understanding of those who are concerned and deeply interested in this most important aspect of our work associated with public relations and otherwise. As you will note, the relationship to its military service ties into the controversy surrounding an incident that allegedly occurred at Kirtland Air Force Base, Albuquerque, New Mexico.

We realize that it is unlikely that any positive action can be taken on the contents of this report, as the United States Air Force is insisting that you will forward it to the proper agencies. We feel however, that it concerns directly a recent report issued for your office to the effect that the Air Force has positively determined that any UFO's are real and extraterrestrial.

A release which you so issued early this month according to UPI states: "We have conducted exhaustive tests on fragments of a so-called flying saucer picked up in New Mexico. We have determined that they are authentic foreign fragments, and not fabricated. Their identification and origin are under study." This matter is of great concern to us.

It is not our intent or purpose to belabor the accuracy of this analysis, but rather to contribute to the knowledge and understanding of those who are concerned and deeply interested in this most important aspect of our work associated with public relations and otherwise. As you will note, the relationship to its military service ties into the controversy surrounding an incident that allegedly occurred at Kirtland Air Force Base, Albuquerque, New Mexico.

We realize that it is unlikely that any positive action can be taken on the contents of this report, as the United States Air Force is insisting that you will forward it to the proper agencies. We feel however, that it concerns directly a recent report issued for your office to the effect that the Air Force has positively determined that any UFO's are real and extraterrestrial.

A release which you so issued early this month according to UPI states: "We have conducted exhaustive tests on fragments of a so-called flying saucer picked up in New Mexico. We have determined that they are authentic foreign fragments, and not fabricated. Their identification and origin are under study." This matter is of great concern to us.

We were requested to prepare a letter on the 13th, 15th and 16th of March, and after delay, the letter subsequently received by the Director, containing a signed parts of prior evidence as the answer which was dated the 13th of March and received on Thursday, 17 March.

DIRECTOR, Office of the Secretary, 17 March 1960.
Dear Mr. Secretary: This refers to your letter of March 13th on the subject of certain fragments reported to have been recovered from the atmosphere within the space-time framework of the International Geophysical Year (IGY).
The Air Force, through its intrinsic investigation capability, has determined that the United States Air Force has not been responsible for the withholding of this evidence from its own records. It has been suggested that this interest by the United States Air Force, through Headquarters United States Air Force (USAF), has been to pursue the matter to its conclusion, even though such exists. We do not have access to confidential information within the Air Force, nor do we wish to enter this controversy. Military and scientific authorities have been made available to the United States Air Force for their consideration.

The general appearance of the sky-water exposures were examined by the photographic authorities. Two of these (Nos. 4 and 5) did not show a normal sky. The third (No. 6) was of a normal sky with a contrail across it. The general appearances were rather dim and indistinct, and the identities could not be firmly established from the manner in which the photographs were taken. 

It is the comparison of the several fragments and the resultant analysis of same by those technically qualified within the respective government agencies consulted, which would allow the significance of these physical evidences to emerge. This comparison would necessitate access to all such material, which is not available to this office.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature]
Director