The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed report from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters United States Air Force, about an unidentified flying object sighted by a Mrs. AKA Mrs. F. during the period from January 30 to February 3, 1958.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

APR 17 1958

HEADQUARTERS, 33TH DISTRICT
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATION
THE LOGAN CIVIL SECURITY BUILDING
515 SOUTH LA SALLE STREET
CHICAGO 5, ILLINOIS

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object, Sighted by
Mrs. AKA Mrs. F. During Period 1 Jan 58 to 3 Jan 58

THRU: Commander
11th District OSI (IG) USAF
Lowry Air Force Base, Colorado 

TO: Commander
Air Defense Command
Ent Air Force Base
Colorado Springs, Colorado

1. This office was telephonically contacted on 10 April 1958 by the above subject who advised that she was in possession of some 8mm movie film which contained pictures of an unidentified flying object sighted by her on 1 Jan 58 to 3 Jan 58. The office contacted her on 11 April 1958 at which time she presented a reel containing 200 feet of 8mm film which she advised contained the presentation of the object. Due to the lapse of time since the sightings, Mrs. F. was unable to furnish sufficient information to reconstruct the details of the sightings. However, she furnished the following information:

Film Data: Bolex H-3 DeLuxe, 3waiter Lens 1:1.5 (f:12.5mm) exposed close-up distance initially. The subject was of a sharply defined round object which was silhouetted against the sky. Mrs. F. estimated that the sighting would have taken place during the period 1 to 3 January 1958. The pictures involving the Unidentified Flying Object were exposed approximately 0100 to 0330 hours with a full moon. Mrs. F. stated that she first observed the object through a pair of binoculars for a period of about five minutes, during which time it appeared to be moving towards the northwest. She then aimed the camera at the object which appeared to be approaching her from due west and proceeded to take the pictures. At about this time the object turned at right angles and proceeded to the north. There was no sound accompanying the object. She was advised that the viewing and magnification rate of the 8mm film to be 16 frames per second, which was standard for this type camera. At about this time the object turned at right angles again and continued across the River Forest, Illinois. She further advised that she did not report the sighting at that time.