The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It seems to be a page from an old UFO report document that includes text describing observations related to galaxies and the scale of the universe. The text provides details about the positions and distances of various celestial objects, as well as a table with information about the moon's position and distance at different times.

Proceeding to extract the text from the document:

creneiling from Cannaposis in the north,
through Cygnus nearly overhead, down to
Sagitarius in the south. It is hard to see
exactly how far away the stars are, but the
distance is readily apparent. Even a pair of
binaries will show that they consist of a system,
and individual stars are quite numerous in the
direction of Sagittarius, where the Milky Way
is brightest. This shows the nearness of
our sun, which is in the direction of the galactic
center, which is about 30,000 light years away.

Millions of Galaxies
Just as there are other cities, beyond the
limits of your own, so various distances,
beyond the so-called island universes, the
Galaxies, throughout the universe.
One of the closest Galaxies visible to the naked
eye, on a clear night, is Andromeda. The
size of this galaxy, seen on a good map, is
about 30,000 light years across.
It is by far the most distant object that
one can see with the naked eye.
With powerful telescopes, many galaxies equally
as far, or even farther, can be seen.
This represents a reversal of opinion among
astronomers in recent years, for they used to
consider the universe much smaller than many
now believe. The size they had presumed, was
too small. Therefore, the distance scale for
the other galaxies, and the one in Andromeda,
were gauged out to be about twice as far
as many had supposed. Therefore, on both
the size that it does in the sky, it had to
be twice as large.

As we reach out farther and farther into
space, with bigger and bigger telescopes,
we view other galaxies far more distant. Some,
faint and fuzzy, like the spiral Andromeda
galaxy itself, present a universe of themselves.
A second class shows details of structure. A third class shows
an irregular shape, with no particular form;
these are the components of our universe,
millions and millions of galaxies, each containing
millions or even billions of stars.
The proportion of these star systems are
probably accompanied by planets like those
around our sun. Many of these planets may
have life on them. But no longer seems that
our earthly life is unique, - no, nearly so.

Celestial Time Table for August
8 - 8.00 p.m. Moon farthest, distance 251,400 miles.
9 - 4.42 a.m. Moon rises
17 - 9:10 p.m. Moon in last quarter.
18 - 6.01 a.m. Moon, last quarter of Perigee.
19 - 10.33 p.m. New moon.
20 - 10.00 a.m. Moon, perigee, distance 216,800 miles.
21 - 5.45 p.m. Moon, in first quarter.
22 - 1.27 a.m. Moon passes Saturn.
23 - 1.27 p.m. Full moon.
Subtract one hour for CST, two hours for
MST, and three for PST. July 30, 1958