This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or memorandum dated January 29, 1958, regarding an observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO) by a witness in Fort Worth, Texas. The text of the document is as follows:

MEMORANDUM
January 29, 1958
Fort Worth, Texas

As I head up with it may consider:

for Dennis G. Plumb. For residents of the city of Fort Worth, Texas in the United States. I am 25 years of age, an attorney at law and a lay student of March mechanics/aerodynamics. On Tuesday evening, January 28, 1958, at approximately 7:12 P.M. I walked into the yard at my residence at 3108 Birchman Avenue for the purpose of observing a scheduled passage of Sputnik II which according to the local newspapers were to pass over Fort Worth in a northwest to southeast direction, commencing at precisely 7:11 P.M. My five year old daughter Ruth Anne was with me at the time. While we did not have a luminous watch, I know our timing was approximately correct, as I had observed the local radio newscast at time was corrected with for the purpose of observing.

After several minutes of scanning the sky we were unable to locate Sputnik II and during this time I observed another strange object which I now know to have been a UFO. I did not have a luminous watch, I know our timing was approximately correct. As I observed this object it was correcting with radio newscast at 7:12 P.M. The object was traveling in a northwest to southeast direction at an extremely high rate of speed, but maintaining a constant lighted condition. After several minutes of observing the object, it appeared to slow down momentarily, then proceeded to make an abrupt 90 degree turn and reversed its course, traveling at the same high rate of speed as before. During the time I observed the object, it maintained a steady brilliant light condition. While I did not have a luminous watch, I know our timing was approximately correct, as I had observed the local radio newscast at time was corrected with the purpose of observing. The skies convinced me that we had missed the passage, even though the heavens were clear with all stars shining brightly. In this observation I want to report that I have concluded that the object I observed was not Sputnik II.

The local police department team had made the observation on schedule at 7:12 P.M. stating that Sputnik II was seen "just above" the horizon. Our observation was, I believe, made just a few minutes after the official observation and the object I observed was traveling in the opposite direction of the low western horizon, was somewhat slower in speed and much higher in the sky. I have concluded that the object I observed was not Sputnik II. We missed the earth satellite for this evening, and for the additional reason that the low western horizon was somewhat obscured and I have concluded that we missed the passage. 