The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page contains text discussing the correlation between the type of treatment given to UFO sightings by the press and publishers, and the number of reports received. It also includes a chart labeled "CHART 1 - Frequency of UFO Reports" which illustrates the effect of the conservative, scientific approach of Life and Look magazines on UFO reports, in contrast to the newspapers' treatment of the Washington Radar "Flying Saucer" incidents and General Samford's press conference. The text also discusses procedures adopted under Project Blue Book to improve investigation and analysis of UFO sightings and decrease the percentage of unsolved sightings.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

9. The correlation which exists between the type of treatment given the UFO matter by press and publishers, and the number of reports received, is important and is shown by this chart.

CHART 1 - Frequency of UFO Reports

This chart illustrates the effect of the conservative, scientific approach of Life and Look magazines on UFO reports for that period, in contrast to the newspapers' treatment of the Washington Radar "Flying Saucer" incidents and General Samford's press conference. The New Yorker's "middle-of-the-road" treatment and its effect on sightings is also interesting to note.

10. Under Project BLUE BOOK, it became apparent that if reporting, investigation and analysis procedures were improved, the percentage of unsolved sightings would decrease. Accordingly, the following procedures were adopted:

First, the 1602d Air Intelligence Services Squadron (Headquarters, Air Defense Command) (now 1006th) was directed to carry out all field investigations and preliminary evaluations of UFO sightings. This organization has units deployed throughout the U.S., and they are so highly mobile that they can arrive "on the spot" within a very short time after a UFO report is received. This procedure was adopted in order to improve the percentage of solvable cases.