The image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It appears to be a page from a scanned document with text. I will proceed to extract and output the text found in the document.

FATE

moments after three in the morn- "I am familiar with planes and
ing of October 3, 1955, the adven- with their operations, both as a flier
ture began...

UFO BUZZES TRAIN

hey, both of Indianapolis, I talked headed directly south.
to Robinson and told him what we "I'd say they were only a couple
had seen. During the time we of hundred feet above the train as
watched these things, from Wasco they came toward the caboose. And
to Rittlin, we got a lot of talking they weren't moving very fast—
on that radio. The dispatcher in maybe 50 or 60 miles an hour. It
Lafayette could hear us, of course, was hard to tell—a fellow just
but he never cut in. The boys in doesn't notice details like that unIn the cab of the diesel loco- and an observer. We all see- the caboose got the best look at the der the circumstances.
motive were three men—Harry Eck- us on the train. We see planes every things, especially when they came "The freight train is pretty
man, the engineer; Cecil Bridge, night, lots of them. These things down over the whole train."
noisy, of course, but I didn't hear
the fireman, and Morris Ott, the were not planes!
(The train crew decided not to anyother noise, like the rear an
head brakeman, Cecil Bridge, a "About that time the lights went report their unusual experience to i e r p l a n e would have made. I think
former Air Force man with 450 out. We crossed the tracks—that's the Air Force in order to avoid be- they were silent, or nearly silent, at
hours of bomber time, tells the all—just half a mile ahead of us, we ing subjected to ridicule. But least.
story:
saw three of them in the sky, up Bridge and Robinson felt that the incident needed to be made known "They flew over us one after the
"It was about 50 minutes after ahead of us."
as they contended it may be related other-big, round white things that
three in the morning—Friday
to Ethier's, October 5, 1957, encoun- looked about the size of fluorescent lights, kind of fuzzy around
morning, October 3rd. We had just
George Ott said: I saw the lights
pulled past a little spot called Wasco. at this time. We were pulling 56 ter with UFOs over Indianapolis.) the edges. They didn't glare and
During the course of that interThree's no town there—just kind miles an hour, and because of the
view Conductor Robinson said:
of crossroads. It was there we saw single at which these things were "Just by listening in the cab, they didn't light up things as they
first noticed the four lights in the appearing and because they were when Bridge called me on the radio, went over. They just came back
forward, toward the east and then pulled trains—the way I look at it, I had an inkling something might be toward us, over the top of the cars,
sky ahead of us. They were moving we see these things we can't get up wrong when Bridge called the four and then back toward the west.
lights but I couldn't make out
"Just after they went back that
lights. At first they looked like to light."
time, we saw the four lights come
stars but we realized they weren't
"After the lights crossed the what they were. They were half a
stars because they were moving.
tracks in front of us they stopped mile ahead of the caboose—the down over the tracks and over another freight train that was going
They were moving in a sort of upward motion: By that I mean I and came back. This time they whole length of the train, a little
west toward the caboose. And
thought there was no light at the for- were headed east and were gone a few bit after he called me turned to us
"Me and Scobey went out on
and told us we saw the things-going
ward part of the flight, just the minutes—out of sight_—but when
the back platform where we could
two "wings" with two lights in each they came back and we saw them about 50 feet above the train. After
see them better. But they were get"wing"—about' of a half a mile again there were about six of them, a little more than I'd say 2 minutes
ting pretty far behind us. We could
across from each other. I must have they came back and we all saw -.they suddenly disappeared. I think
see their lights but I don't rememthey came back on the same telespotted them first. After I had them for about 20 minutes."
ber whether they were bunched up
phone. We have radio between the
watched them for about 15 secWe turned on the radio-ond con- engine and the caboose. I turned on or not. They were just there, we
onds I called them to the attention necting link—and called the boys microphone and called the boys know that. We could see them beof the other men in the cab with the caboose and told them what in the caboose and told them what hind us, right over the tracks.
"Then they swung off away from
me. The engineer was Harry Eck- we were watching.
we were watching.
the tracks and just fast--very fast
man, and our head brakeman was "The conductor was Ed Robinson "The conductor was Ed RobinMorris Ott. They watched the and the flagman was Paul ScoMm." son and the flagman was Paul Sco- —to the east. When they picked up
speed their light got a lot brighter.
lights, too.

In the cab of the diesel locomo - "I'm familiar with planes and
tive were three men—Harry Eck- with their operations, both as a flier
man, the engineer; Cecil Bridge, and an observer. We all see-
the fireman, and Morris Ott, the us on the train. We see planes every
head brakeman, Cecil Bridge, a night, lots of them. These things
former Air Force man with 450 were not planes!
hours of bomber time, tells the "About that time the lights went
story:
out. We crossed the tracks—that's
"It was about 50 minutes after all—just half a mile ahead of us, we
three in the morning—Friday saw three of them in the sky, up
morning, October 3rd. We had just ahead of us."
pulled past a little spot called Wasco.
Three's no town there—just kind George Ott said: I saw the lights
of crossroads. It was there we at this time. We were pulling 56
first noticed the four lights in the miles an hour, and because of the
sky ahead of us. They were moving single at which these things were
lights. At first they looked like appearing and because they were
stars but we realized they weren't pulled trains—the way I look at it,
stars because they were moving. we see these things we can't get up
They were moving in a sort of to light."
upward motion: By that I mean I
thought there was no light at the for- "After the lights crossed the
ward part of the flight, just the tracks in front of us they stopped
two "wings" with two lights in each and came back. This time they
"wing"—about of a half a mile were headed east and were gone a few
across from each other. I must have minutes—out of sight_—but when
spotted them first. After I had they came back and we saw them
watched them for about 15 sec- again there were about six of them,
onds I called them to the attention they came back and we all saw
of the other men in the cab with them for about 20 minutes."

me. The engineer was Harry Eck-
man, and our head brakeman was
Morris Ott. They watched the
lights, too.

We turned on the radio-ond con
necting link—and called the boys
in the caboose and told them what
we were watching.

"The conductor was Ed Robinson
and the flagman was Paul Sco-m."