The image does not contain any photographs. All the text found in the document is as follows:

WAR probably emotionally vurnerable; led the ATIC to conclude that the witness was a victim of an illusion.

03222. 26 September 1958. Columbus, Miss, to Atlanta, Ga.
Object described as a bright ball of fire with a tail and moving at a very high rate of speed, two of the 3 witnesses estimated the speed to be 4,000 to 5,000 mph. This object was viewed for approximately 10-15 seconds and disappeared. The ATIC concluded this object was an illusion.

03232. 29 September 1958. Washington, D. C. to Pittsburgh, Pa. 
Object described as a bright ball of fire and flashing; with a trail; was reported to be moving at a very high rate of speed. This object was witnessed by several people and was reported to have struck the ground or landed in both the Washington, D. C. area and the Pittsburgh area.
The ATIC concluded this object was a meteor.

63970. 26 October 1958. Lock Haven Dam (Baltimore), Md.
Object described by six witnesses as a bright red-orangish object estimated by the witnesses to be approximately 550 yards, but which investigation showed was only one-half to one mile away. They saw an object flashing and pulsating. The witnesses estimated the size of the object to be approximately 100 feet in diameter. In about 30 to 60 seconds, the object pulsed out and the motor went dead. Both witnesses got out of the car and were surrounded by a bluish glow. This was accompanied by a thunder-like sound from the object. The object then pulsed back on and within ten seconds it had completely disappeared. The witnesses were then able to start their car and proceed to St. Joseph's Hospital in Baltimore for a physical examination. 

The ATIC is presently chasing down the possibility of an escaped patient from a mental institution. This would leave a conclusive account of this case unrecovered.

17552. 28 October 1958. Charleston, S. C. to Savannah, Ga.
Object described as a bright burning ball falling from the sky. Weather clear with 15 miles visibility. The ATIC concluded this was a meteor.

Sincerely,
Robert J. Friend
Chief of Satatistics