This page does not contain any photographs. Below is the OCR transcription of the text:

---

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

ORIGINATING AGENCY

Comdr, 1001st Air Base Wing
Andrews AFB, Washington 25, D.C. IR-01-58

develop. This of course led us to believe that we didn't have to worry too much about the radioactivity. We left the hospital and went home that night.

The next day my face did become a little redder and it was apparently noticeable to anyone who spoke to me. "

DISCUSSION

A discussion period now follows, with Lt. Staples questioning, where details and further questions are answered.

Q. Mr. I believe you have a correction to made on your statement?
A. Yes, what I was figuring out was not the size of the object by this pythagorean theorem, but the distance from the point of sighting to the object, which was approximately 400 feet. This C = A2 + B2 bit, I was making a mistake there.
Q. What color was the glow that you observed?
A. Mr. Irridescent white, whiteish coloration not to be called white like white but sort of like a moon glow, but not exactly a cold milky white.
Q. Do you agree Mr.
A. Yes, I do, it wasn't bright enough to mar the outline or shape of the object, but it was bright enough so that if you looked into it or at it you couldn't make out any surface features.
Q. Did you notice any discernable features or details of the object?
A. Mr. None at all.
Mr. None other than possibly superficially it looked like an egg.
Q. Did it have any tail, trail or exhaust?
A. Mr. Do you mean while it was hovering over the bridge, or when it took off?
Q. Either hovering or on take-off.
A. Mr. No, not that we know of.
Mr. No.
Q. Did it make any manuevers on take-off?
A. Mr. None that we can recall except to go vertically upward.

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title 18, U. S. C., Sections 793 and 794. Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law. It may not be reproduced in whole or in part, by other than United States Air Force Agencies, except by permission of the Director of Intelligence, USAF

AF | OCT 57 112a REPLACES AF FORM 112, PART II, 1 JUN 48 CLASSIFICATION WHICH MAY BE USED. CLASSIFICATION SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE 1958 - 0-475482 16-62942-1

---