The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document discussing UFO sightings and investigations.

OCR Text:

Page 4 THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN MAY, 1958

IGY Photo... Continued from page 3 through the press instigating that the of the photographer who shot the pictures publication of facts concerning UFO
1. This object is my photographed sightings be avoided, this office of the photographer were taken. It was the unusual lenticular or cloud-like shape. will only state that the facts presented picture of the unusual object which the
2. The object is photographed as an oblong are but those from official and reliable photographer would not release, I can
3. The object is further described as sources that such information will only only state that the photographs were take
4. The shutter speed of 1/25 second be furnished when the event and evidence against his will, and that the film was developed
under normal conditions that we would have expected more sharpness had it been and the photographs were the best image of the object on the negatives was further developed, which gave no
sharp.
5. I can see no indication as to how this evidence, and also that the shapes and effects whatever. We cannot say who
was far enough from the camera, as positions of the objects and other details as shown in those photographs
this one was, to indicate the relative were of no scientific value, therefore agree that it has been said-this is merely conjecture
size of the object.
6. There were no sharp views as in No. 2 anything more revealed at this time would and would not like in advance to speculate
cause more confusion than clarification.
and 3, where it had suddenly dropped to
categorically that I saw a flying saucer.
I can only state that I saw the U.S.
a lower speed and the shutter setting was Navy guest of a number of Saldanha Bay
not much enough to freeze the motion citizens and a statement about the object weather balloon, rather an American or
that the higher speed would have con- mentioned over the Island of Trindade, for Soviet Space Ship or a plane.
tributed to this effect.
The IGY Photo: The evidence of a some purpose. I cannot say that we have JOURNAL FEBRUARY 26, 1958. Since the beginning of the -Flying
trail or luminous halo as reported by been able to identify the IGY photo of Saucers" controversy, the governments of
some witnesses. This may or may not have which you speak. We have only what we the United States and several other
been a true effect, due to the object's own see as presented in the picture.
governments have been and remains funvariables and background.
6. Now that the shutter been set at 1/250 dame ntally the same—they are disinterestof a second, we would have had a much On the additional information, the ed in the IGY object (I use the singular
sharper set of pictures; however, the press has been told that the authenticity of advisedly) but this is no gall to the
N. D. states should be congratulated for the pictures taken aboard the U.S.S. Almi- authorities toward science and defense.
getting photographs as good as these under such rante Latorre of the Brazilian Navy is And sometimes they have been seriously
trying conditions, that he appeared to be doubted by some, and there is a great deal concerned over certain incidents under their
pretty far away when the pictures were taken, of doubt, and that those who had perfect command, they might wish to maintain
had this valuable evidence at all.
scientific faith had proof, which did much secrecy for a while. We have no official
existence of a thing that it was photonot to dispel, but rather to add to the
graphed in the press as sent from Rio
UAO* SIGHTINGS AT THE problems the UfO was being investigated and which the press reported as seen—and which
ISLAND OF TRINDADE on the end. The Brazilian Government we did accept was a true sighting. Whenit
*Unidentified Aerial Object authorized statements by its officials that the was reported that this photo was not a balloon,
photographs were authentic and there was no an American or Russian space ship, or
Part III The Official Affidavit of the Brazilian doubt about that.
some other man-made device, Came. Basellia's
Navy Official Documents and Addi- Navy General Secretary, told the press Press Release confirms that the photo was
tional Evidence About the UAO Sightings that the Navy had done this about the photos.He concluded his statement, "the papers not a photo of a "Flying Saucer", but a
at Trindade and Saldanha." He concluded his statement, "the papers photo of the weather balloon launched from a
At the beginning of this report, it was confirm the value of reliable witnesses. weather ship on January 16, 1958, by the
said that the UAO photographs taken at Personally, I believe in the reality of the Trindade."
the Island of Trindade were proven to be evidence of these witnesses.
authentic. The first official document ADMIRAL DE CASTRO, the Brazilian Navy Minister, also told the press that he didn't believe in flying saucers before,
supporting that statement has already been the UfO sightings took place on January 16, but the photographs were authentic. He said the Navy had done an investigation
and concluded that the photograph was taken of a weather balloon, the U.S. President Minister Alves Camera, talking with newsmen, said that the Navy has done an investigation and concluded that the photographs were of a weather balloon that could not be released, because it cannot be identified as belonging to any country.
presented to the House of Repressentatives. This was followed by two other official documents which shall be presented in the
following pages.
Other Official Navy Release and
Denials...

The first article appeared expressing

a public opinion and the press, the Brazilian Navy Minister was quoted as saying that the photographs were authentic and there was no doubt about them. The first time that a 1/40 had been photographed over the Island of Tri
nidade. The documents quoted stated that the photographs were taken under conditions similar to that of the IGY photographs and that those were the first authentic photographs of the phenomena.

GO--The investigating Almirate Barana, the officer who participated in the sighting, stated categorically that I saw what was definitely not any
known aircraft or device. However, we must accept the conclusions of the Naval investigation that this was not a "flying saucer" but a weather balloon. Cam. Basellia's Press Release confirms this conclusion.