The image contains a photograph of a starry night sky with the planets Saturn and Jupiter visible. There is no text or human faces present in this image.

SATURN AND JUPITER VISIBLE 
Though they may be dim at the moment, Saturn and Jupiter will become even more prominent in upcoming months. June 21 marks the beginning of summer in the northern hemisphere.

BY JAMES STOKLEY
Jupiter, bright in the southern sky, is now an evening star. Saturn, its rings now turned somewhat toward the earth, is visible during the early evening hours. Both planets will remain in view throughout the summer months.

Toward the end of June, Saturn will be in the south during the evening twilight. As the summer progresses, it will appear farther toward the west each evening. By September, it will be setting shortly after the sun. 

Jupiter, on the other hand, will be rising earlier and earlier each evening and will be well up in the sky by the time the stars appear. It will be south at midnight or later throughout the summer months.

In addition to these two giant worlds, a number of other interesting celestial objects will be on view. Brilliant Venus, morning star in the east, will grow lower in the sky as the weeks pass. The reddish star Antares, marking the heart of the Scorpion, will be toward the south during the evening. To the west, Arcturus, the orange giant, will shine as one of the brightest stars in the evening hours.

The two bright star patterns, the Dipper of Ursa Major and the Scorpion, now prominent in the southeast and south, are among the most easily recognized configurations in the sky.

Though normally fainter, other planets - Mercury, Mars, and Neptune - may at times be seen this summer. Their motions can be followed with the aid of the star map which shows their positions on various dates.

Bright Stars in East
In the east, you will find three bright stars, Altair, Vega, and Deneb, forming the large Summer Triangle. This triangle, tilted high in the sky during the evening hours, is one of the most noticeable star patterns of the summer.

Altair, to the southwest, is the brightest of the three. Vega, in the middle, is second in brilliance, while Deneb, in the northeast, is the faintest of the trio.

To the north, the bowl of the Big Dipper is high in the sky, and the Little Dipper also can be seen. The North Star, Polaris, marks the end of the handle of the Little Dipper. During the evening hours these northern star groups wheel around the Pole Star, though at times they may be obscured by clouds or haze.

Toward the southeast, the Scorpion can be seen low in the sky. Its brightest star, Antares, which appears reddish, is also known as the "heart of the Scorpion."

In June, although Measure is low in the southwest, the bright summer star groups are well up in the sky and the brighter planets are in prominent positions, providing an interesting assortment of celestial objects to watch during the evening hours.