The document does not contain a photograph.

OCR Text Output:

```
CLASSIFICATION

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

Comdr, 1001st Air Base Wing
Andrews AFB, Washington 25, D.C.

REPORT NO.

IR-01-58

PAGE

3

OF

12

PAGES

of the bridge, at the height it was at. We watched it for approximately 30 seconds and then it seemingly gave off a terrifically bright light.

It had been glowing with an iridescent glow before hand but this light seemingly was blinding and approximately at the same time we felt tremendous heat wave. It didn't seem like the heat of a burning object but something like a ultraviolet light or some kind of radiation. We didn't seemingly think it was like the heat from a blast furnace.

The object disappeared from view within approximately 5 to 10 seconds after giving off a tremendous thunder clap, something approaching a plane breaking the sound barrier. After it disappeared from sight we came back into the car and turned the ignition system on and it immediately went into operation. We approached to within the bridge, backed up before crossing the bridge, and immediately, at great speed, came back to Loch Raven and Joppa Roads.

We discussed the thing and didn't know what the heck to make of it, but we figured we would at least report it either to the Police or the Ground Observer Corps to try to find out if anyone else in the area had possibly heard the sound or had possibly seen the object. We came into the booth at Loch Raven and Joppa Roads and we called the Ground Observer Corps.

Immediately after calling, the Ground Observer Corps member said, "Aww, Come on now," and I said "I would just like to report this thing. I am not interested in asking whether you believe it or not but I would like to find out if anyone else in the area has possibly reported the thing." He says, "Aww, Come on now," he said there were Navy blimps in the area but when we insisted that the thing was probably no blimp, he hung up on us.

It was at that time that we wanted to try to get confirmation of the report, not to make publicity or make names for ourselves, but to see if anyone else had possibly heard the thing. We decided to call the police.

Two policemen came to the scene and began taking a report. We at the time questioned, "This won't get any further than possibly going to the Air Force?" and he claimed that it wouldn't.

At the time we were reporting the thing we noticed a burning sensation on our faces. We didn't pay too much attention at the time except to ask the police if they had noticed if our faces were red. The policemen said that they didn't but we still noticed the burning sensation. After making the report we left the police and went to St. Joseph's Hospital to try to determine if possibly they were some kind of radiation burns or any other type of thing that we might have received. The doctor looked at our faces and claimed that Mr. _____ face was slightly red and that mine wasn't. He, of course, looked at us thoroughly, took our pressures and everything. It was only a superficial examination but he claimed we had nothing to worry about. A police sergeant at the scene, who seemingly had gone to radio active class of some kind, mentioned that if it had been a radioactive burn we wouldn't have been burned immediately and it would have taken some time

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title 18, U.S.C., Sections 79 and 794. The transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law. This form may not be reproduced in whole or in part, other than for Air Force use. Agencies, except by permission of the Director of Intelligence, USAF

AF FORM 112a MAY BE USED. 

CLASSIFICATION

SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in

