There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

Washington D.C.
January 28, 1965

Project Blue Book
Information Officer
HQ USAF (SAF-OIBD) 
Washington, D. C. 20330

Dear Sirs:

Although I am late in bringing this to your attention, I saw an object in the sky on September 12, 1959, for which I would appreciate an explanation.

At the time I saw this object, I was sitting just at nightfall on the upper balcony of my (then) home off the Shoreham Park Hotel on a Southwesterly direction at the intersection of Connecticut Avenue and Woodley Road. I observed a formation of three stars that were rather low in the southwestern sky. Finally, my gaze fixed on one particular star, and I stared at it for a full minute or longer. Suddenly, it was astounded to realize that it was not a star at all but a moving light coming directly towards me. I was looking at something extraordinary and that it would pass directly overhead. 

As it came nearer, I realized my eyes could not catch the sound of a motor or some outline of the object to which it was attached. However, it just seemed to float soundlessly and suddenly there was a noticeable increase in size as it came toward me or cast any illumination. Not did it make a tail like the conventional shooting star. Once it passed over me, the roof of the house shut it out from view and it disappeared in a slightly northeasterly direction. It could not be anything I had ever seen before. Neither it was a meteor, a plane, or a much larger light but very far away in space.

The following week, I read in the newspaper that there had been quite a flurry of reports of similar unidentified objects sighted that particular week in this area. However, there was not a full moon at that time - so it was not the first quarter or so illuminator - a passing object, but it might have been the specific the Russians launched in 1957 still circling the earth that troubled me about this light was just how much a hazard to the planes of a foreign power, so that could not have been the purpose.

Very truly yours,
[Signature Redacted]