There is no photograph present in the document.

Here is the OCR text output:

```
CLASSIFICATION (SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in)

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
PAGE 1 OF 12
PAGES
ORIGINATING AGENCY
Comdr., 1001st Air Base Wing
Andrews AFB, Washington 25, D.C.
I, 2d Lt Bert R. Staples, tape recorded my interview with Mr. and Mrs. at 1940 hours, EST (0040 ZULU) on 4 November 1958 at their home at NNNNNNN onnnnnn Rmad, Baltimore, Maryland.

The following narrative is a verbatim transcription from this recording:
"My name is and years old, and worn 

We were taking a ride out near Loch Raven Dam Sunday, Oct 26th. After you pass the dam itself there is a rather twisting road that goes down into a valley and obstructs your view of the lake entirely. You can't see the lake nor a bridge that leads across it. Shortly after you pass the dam, until you take a left turn, then the bridge looms up in front of you at 200 to 250 yards away. We took this left hand turn and we saw, from that distance, what appeared to be a large, flat sort of egg-shaped object hanging between 100 to 150 feet off the top of the superstructure of the bridge over the lake.

We slowed and then decided to go closer and investigate the object. We crept closer to the object along the road leading toward the bridge. When we got to within 75 or 80 feet of the bridge the car went completely dead on us. It seems as though the electrical system was affected, the dash lights went out, the head lights went out, the motor went dead. Mr. who was driving the car, put on his brakes, turned the ignition once or twice. We didn't get any whirring sound, we were pretty frightened at this point. 

We both got out of the car. On this road there is nowhere to hide or run, which is probably what he would have done. So we got the car'between the object and ourselves. We watched it from that position for approximately 30 to 45 seconds and then, I am not sure of the sequence of events but it seemed to flash a brilliant flash of white light and we both felt heat on our faces. Concurrently, there was a loud noise that I interpreted as a dull explosion and Mrs. yeard as a thunder clap.

Then very quickly so that you couldn't gain the proper sequence of events, the object started to rise vertically. It didn't change it's position, as far as we could tell, during the rinsing. Only different feature it had while it was moving was that it was very bright and the edges became diffused so that we couldn't make out the shape as it rose. It took from 5 to 10 seconds to disappear from view completely. We were very frightened.

After the object disappeared from view we turned the car around without crossing the bridge. The road is rather narrow at that point and in turning the car, I remeinber that we smashed into an embankment on one side of the road. If you will look carefully you can probably see where we hit this thing. We got back to a phone in approximately 15 minutes.

The phone booth we used was located at Loch Raven Boulevard and Joppa Road. We proceeded to call the Ground Observer Corps, with no result. Out story only elicited complete disbelief.

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title 1$, U. S. C., Sections 793 and 794, Its transmission or tho revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law. This matter not be reproduced in whole or in part, without the United States Air Force Agencies, except by permission of the Director of Intelligence, USAF.

AF Form 112 2

REPLACES AF FORM 112, PART II, 1 JUN 43, WHICH MAY BE USED.
SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE 10--26387 10--26412
```