The page includes no photographs.

Here is the OCR-transcribed text from the document:

---
DANBY, CALIFORNIA
2 October 1958

On 6 March 1959, this Center received a letter from a resident of Los Angeles, California reporting the sighting of an unusual object. The limited information contained in the letter was insufficient to allow analysis. A request for investigation was made to a unit directly associated with the organization which falls under the jurisdiction of the Assistant Chief of Staff for Intelligence. The following is a summary of the information derived, and the final conclusions reached concerning this incident.

On 2 October 1958, three men were standing at Richeleau’s Tungsten Mill at Railroad Danby discussing prospecting. The time was approximately 1600 hours PST, when what appeared to be a bright glow, or flash of light, in the northwest attracted their attention. One man said it must be the sun reflecting off a bank of mica. The other two didn’t think there was that much mica in that area because they had prospected the area in the past. The glow was in view for approximately two and one half hours and then disappeared when the sun lowered in the sky.

The next day at the same time the glow or light reappeared in the same location. Two of the observers looked at it with a small telescope and the glow appeared to be oblong as in an aircraft fuselage, and the color of aluminum. The size of the object appeared to be approximately 15 feet long, 5 feet high, and solid. The distance to the object was estimated to be about five miles. The three men then drove as far as they could toward the object and walked around the area for three or four hours, but could find no evidence of such an object.

A few days later one man remembered that the object, or glow, was visible almost every day in the same area. Two of the men decided to investigate further. They took a pair of powerful binoculars, studied the object, and noticed guy wires coming from it. Upon looking closer, rods were seen radiating from the guy wires. They then remembered that two tall radio antennas used by the Highway Patrol were located at Highway 66, Railroad Danby and decided the sun was reflecting off these antennas.

Air Force investigation confirmed the views of the witnesses. The antennae were found to protrude above the tree tops approximately 20 feet, and were spaced approximately 20 feet. It was determined that the reflection from these attenneas could be seen from Railroad Danby only during a relatively short period of the year for the hour of this report. This explains why the sighting appeared unusual to the witnesses who are residents of the area.

It is concluded that the cause of this sighting was the sun reflecting off radio antennaes.