The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate UFO sightings.

UNCLASSIFIED

had greater significance due to Russian astronomons - (I can not) that he had advised astronauts at the Pentagon to the effect that this was just photographic "blast-offs."

asked Major Friend his position and if he were free to make a definite commitment concerning the Air Force's attitude toward the developer. The Major Friend said he was inhibited from making any definitive statement as the Air Force's Division still feels sensitivity on the film.

However, was persistent in the connection of his developer and the image, his belief that the present commercial developers should be paid to cover the expense he had incurred in making these photographic studies, approximately $10,000. He expressed great dissatisfaction with his labor and the technique for capturing this phenomena on film; and

Major Friend requested prints of the film to bring back for analysis and critical interpretation. Seemingly question to Major Friend as to why he should turn the prints over to the Air Force when he had been given strict instructions not to disclose the contents. The Major indicated taking the photographs constituted a threat to national security as use was duty bound to release the photographs to the Air Force but if he would be in

At this point informed Major Friend that the reasons the pictures had not been released by him for public information numbered four:

1. He couldn't support his family on the $10.00 a day paid to Williames of Congregational hearings, and he was sure a hearing would result.

2. The Russians had been first in so many things he couldn't allow them to get a start here, using his pictures as a springboard.

3. He was afraid someone like would take the information and cause a panic.

4. He was afraid because of security reasons.

The officer could hear the dialing and the first half of the conversation, but could not make out the specifics of the conversation. The officer immediately after dialing. The last half of the conversation was very much like the same conversation with Major Friend. Supposedly submitting to his lawyer's advice that he would be subject to prosecution in taking the photographs and further that he would be subject to the Espionage Act for taking possession of them.

UNCLASSIFIED