The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR system, I will now output all the text found in the document:

C - Dear observer:
C - And your name sir?
C - Black ________ the about hhoo the Thenisit's of_tice a duty of_lull 
C - to aid this visibility. Did you see any other objects prior to this one, 
C - had this object in sight very long, over what period of time, and which direc-
C - tion did it go. Horo vas a bad tie but as one that I would say more was a
C - case of true misidentification. I believe the object you saw to be rather com-
C - mon place that is not uncommon to be seen occasionally. That is just my own
C - personal opinion though of what it may have been.
C - Glasse, what shapes were the objects?
C - I shall say, round.
C - And if you can remember, what was the color or the object? What size would you
C - place it to be? About what distance would you say it was from you and which
C - direction did it travel in and about how long did you observe it?
C - It looked like a balloon.
C - As far as the size of a basketball, that was the estimate. This was one of them.
C - There appeared to be one billiard. That did it look like? What color was it?
C - As it came down it got smaller.
C - Would a flying saucer side of a thing?
C - No, not at all.
C - That was pleasant,
C - Could you descrobe it to nne?
C - Describe it.
C - Glass of a basketball.
C - Yes, it was the color rather light pink and the object itself was white.
C - As it came down it seemed to get smaller and smaller but not much different
C - in any particular formation.
C - From what I can remember, the object on the ground here moving, as
C - I said it was small, did appear to have any particular shape or
C - outstanding markings. I would say it was a rather usual, common place
C - object that is not very uncommon to find. As it seemed to have a
C - natural type of descent, that is similar to a balloon, but it
C - could you say you know? Certainly.
C - It did appear to be kind of low, as you stated, and it had some likeness to
C - a balloon in its action so to speak. It might have been just a
C - common, ordinary kind of a thing that would go out again?