There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing text.

UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
DATE: Sep 25, 1958
LOCATION: ANDREWS AFB, WASH 25, D.C.

I. SUMMARY CONCLUSION OF FIELD INVESTIGATORS.
The object in the sky and the light on the ground were not one and the same thing. The object in the sky was probably a large meteorite which broke up as it fell earthward.
The light on the ground was identified beyond a reasonable doubt as an outside barn floodlight.
The material found on the ground could be the ground within the indicated search areas.
In the best of the investigators' knowledge, reports from sources with less limited horizons than themselves indicate that any phenomenon was probably a natural occurrence.

X. NARRATIVE OF OBSERVATION BY SGT PLEASANTS.
1. Personal Data.
a. Name: PLEASANTS, Edwin N.
b. Rank: T/Sgt
c. Serial Number: AF 18263004
d. Organization: 1909 AACS, Andrews AFB, Washington 25, D.C.

2. Description.
At approximately 2900/25 Sep 28 I was on duty for the midnight shift, in the control tower at Andrews AFB (CALS/7668). I looked up and noticed a bright light in the sky coming towards the tower from the south. The color was orange-red, and the particles that fell from it appeared to be glowing green and blue. It passed over the tower at an estimated forty-five (45) to sixty (60) seconds, and it was on a descent of approximately six (6) miles, coming from the south, heading north.
After the passage of the object, I immediately contacted the Washington tower and requested any information that I could give them. The Washington tower stated and requested any information that I could give them. The Washington tower stated and requested any information that I could furnish them regarding the object. I went outside and observed a bright light on the ground approximately one (1) mile east of the tower. The object appeared to be a solid object for a few seconds and then started to break up. The filling pin colors I observed were white, green, and blue, and the tail appeared to be of a red color.
An unidentified noise accompanied the object, and the light on the ground continued for about twenty (20) minutes.

UNCLASSIFIED