The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs,

I would like to report an unidentified flying object. Yesterday, July 1, 1958, while working in my garden, my next-door neighbor, a [redacted], pointed it out to me. This was at about 7:20 P.M. (E.S.T.).

It was almost directly overhead and at a very high altitude. It looked at first like a bright star but was more clearly defined and, when I watched closely, I saw that it was doing something very slowly to the west.

I ran into the house to get a small, homemade telescope and at the same time called my father out. We saw the object through a pair of 7x50 binoculars. My mother and sister came out too. By about 7:25, three more neighbors had come over and they spotted the object.

We watched the object for about 45 minutes, until 7:49 P.M. With the naked eye and with the binoculars, the object could be seen. However, through the telescope, the distinct outline was visible. It was perfectly round, with a slight metallic glint, traveling at a very slow, steady speed, without a sound. It continued on in the same direction, weather was clear, and there was no vapor trail.

The sky was clear, with a slight breeze. The sun had gone down but it was still daylight. When the object was first sighted, there were no stars visible, but after it left there were a few beginning to come out. It was fairly warm, and there was no vapor trail.

They called the weather bureau and asked if they had a weather balloon up. They said they did but that it was the east of us, so it wasn't a weather balloon. We called the paper and they did not receive any reports like this one of our report.

The people who saw the object were: [redacted]

All of the above are from Norfolk, Virginia. None of them had seen an object like this before.

Your's truly,

[redacted]

P.S. -- I can be reached at [redacted] by phone.