There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be the text content of a science news letter from September 27, 1958, discussing the increasing brightness of Mars in the October evening sky and the upcoming total eclipse of the sun.

The text content is as follows:

MARS STILL BRIGHTENS
As Mars becomes brighter in the October evening sky, astronomers prepare to study the total eclipse of the sun on Oct. 12. 
By JAMES STOKLEY
STEADILY DRAWING closer to earth, the red planet Mars is becoming brighter and brighter in the evening sky. At a distance of 45,315,000 miles, it will be only 55,700,000 miles from earth on October 12, when it will be at its closest to our planet in this particular opposition.
This increase in brightness is only about 10% per month. As Mars grows nearer, its apparent diameter also increases. In April, when it was 248,000,000 miles away, it looked like a star-like point of light. Now, at 55,700,000 miles, it appears much larger, about the size of the moon's image, and it shines with a ruddy, fiery hue, in contrast to the pale, silvery light of the moon.
This increase in the planet's magnitude, or brightness, is called an "opposition effect." It occurs when a planet is directly opposite the sun in the sky, and therefore closest to the earth. Opposition of Mars occurs about every 26 months.
Even though Mars is some 55,700,000 miles away, this is the closest it has been to earth since 1956, when it approached to within about 35,000,000 miles. The next time Mars will be this close will be in 1960.
When Mars is at this relatively close distance, it appears much larger through a telescope than it does at other times. Most amateur astronomers, however, will not be able to see very much detail on its surface.
VENUS NEW BRIGHTEST
Brightest star of the October evenings, however, is Venus, in Libra. This is the "evening star," the most brilliant object in the sky after the sun and moon. At the present time, it outshines even Jupiter, the giant planet.
Venus has been shining very brightly in the morning sky, just before sunrise. At the present time, it is visible in the east-northeastern horizon about an hour ahead of the sun, and may be glimpsed if you have a clear view in that direction.
Later in the month, however, it will rise only a few minutes before sunrise, and will not be visible.
As the moon goes through its phases during October, it will reach the new phase on the 12th, when the total eclipse of the sun will be visible along a path through parts of South America and the South Atlantic.