The image contains a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically an Air Intelligence Information Report. There does not appear to be any photograph present on this particular page.

Text from the document:

AF FORM 112—PART II
(COCIA 2S ¢3179d)
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
REPORT NO. 1V—L_58
PAGE 2 or 3 PAGES
10. None
11. Comments - GIG, Mission Support Section. Operational Intelligence, 2/14 Part H.

In lieu of Mr. [REDACTED] credibility as a witness, his account appears to be reasonable and logical. However, should additional corroborating data be available which indicates that the details he gave cannot be accurate, the case that if Mr. [REDACTED] account is valid the object will be disproven as the usual fallacy who have been mistaken when they thought they saw whatever. 

EARL H. McCAULEY
2/Lt. USAF
GIG, Mission Support Section

Investigation of the above mentioned sighting was as follows:
While driving a civilian automobile at approximately 10:45 PM, January 2, 1958, near a light (unknown) caused him to observe an object for about two (2) minutes. He stated that the object appeared to be metallic and elongated, moving North at a light to moderate speed and seemed to be a light in color. The object disappeared to the North West heading and fell rapidly at an angle of about fifty (50) degrees. It did not appear to oscillate or tumble.
The intensity of the light was like that of a magnesium flare and emitted a great deal of white smoke and sparks at the time of the object falling or descent to the ground. It did not appear to oscilla te or tumble.
The duration of the sighting, Mr. [REDACTED] estimated, was only about two (2) minutes at the most.
To the best of his knowledge, no other persons in the area saw the sighting but a Negro boy, age 12 or 13, was a witness who did see the object. However, the investigating officer was unable to develop any information from him to corroborate the account.
Mr. [REDACTED] and trooper Roberts were both contacted by investigators. Their interviews disclosed that Mr. [REDACTED] sighting was given in good faith, and in a logical and reasonable manner, however, no physical evidence or witnesses other than Mr. [REDACTED] and the Negro boy were developed to support the report.
Individual interviews with Trooper Roberts and Mr. [REDACTED] disclosed that there were no other unusual circumstances or activities in the area at the time of the sighting.