The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter from the Smithsonian Institution Astrophysical Observatory regarding upper atmosphere studies and reports of sightings.

SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION
ASTROPHYSICAL OBSERVATORY
SECTION OF UPPER ATMOSPHERE STUDIES
60 GARDEN STREET
CAMBRIDGE 38, MASSACHUSETTS

May 23, 1958

Captain George T. Gregory
Hqtrs, Air Technical Intelligence Center
Box 9507
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Dear Captain:

I now have had a chance to look through all the reports sent to me in connection with the sightings from Denver interests me very much and I am giving it the full consideration. It is clear that something could not been any of the known satellites since the time and location could be very accurately fixed. The problem is to determine what the object could have been and whether a satellite approaching or re-entering would fit the pattern. As far as I know, there were no known Russian Sputniks up at the time and anything identifiable by our moonwatch teams. This is puzzling, so much so that I had hoped the time and other details would enable us to identify the object. It would be a great help if any correlation with radar or other observations could be found.

I had an experience the other night which may bear on this. I had been instructing by means of the sky-watch telescope and we had gone out on the lawn to check our observations when suddenly we saw a bright object traveling at high speed and making a curious sound. A few minutes later another such object came through in the same direction but at a different elevation. A third one I was able to detect over several minutes, but the motions were so erratic I am not sure they were the same object gone through I might honestly be excited or worried and that is to determine what is going on. I seem to have seen something carrying such lights.

It is also conceivable two such experienced officers could have made the mistake I had first made, but strange things happened in the observation, including an alteration in the object's course and speed on the third pass that I could not explain. All other "unknown sputniks" that our teams from the time have reported seemed to be performing in a normal and predicable fashion.

As to the other cases, which I am returning (I will not Denver case very soon), I generally seen to have a rather difficult time assessing meteor observations--five of them. Two other reports remain that I will have to study further.