The document contains one photograph located in the top section of the page. The photograph shows a group of men huddled together, apparently examining or discussing something, likely related to the text content about the investigation.

Now, here is the OCR transcription of all the text found in the document:

```
CLASSIFICATION „(SECURITY INFORMATION «*ht*n filled ini
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
ORIGINATING AGENCY Conor., 1001st Air Base Wing Andrews AFB, Washington 25, D. C.
REPORT NO. IR-01-58 PAGE  7  OF  12 PAGES

Roven and they took "magnetized readings" of the bridge. It seemed presumably that if an object was exposed to radioactivity there would be a depolorization of an object that was exposed to radioactivity, of course, this is the way they explained it to me, I am not a physicist myself. 

Mr. What they told me was that just the top portion of it showed any magnetism, the top portion of the superstructure. 

Mr. Well, see they didn't tell this to me, they mentioned to me.... 

Mr. Mr. told me that it was slight but it did show some sort of magnetic....

Mr. Well, at any rate, at the scene, they took measurements where we were, they took pictures, motion pictures of me, my burns and everything around me, and of the car. A very complete investigation, I might add. There was an engineer among them, an electrical engineer, so lie claimed, there was a lawyer among them, there was an insurance agent among them. cos i ho is a full time mon with the organization, under I myself, was among the crew. I must add that they were competent, qualified at any rate, and they came book to the house and quizzed both and myself further on the incident. They hod tape recordings made of the whole bit and it was quite conclusive, in fact, more conclusive than the present examination we are undergoing now.

Q. Hove you heard from this organization since the investigation they made?

A. Mr. No, we were told their report would appear in their publication which. I forgot, which is published bi-weekly or bi-monthly or something along these lines. I am not sure.

Mr. I told him not do do that. 

Mr. You told him not to?

Mr. Sure, with national publicity, I'd have every crank in the country calling me instead of every crank in the city.

Mr. Well, then that't all we know about that.

Q. You said the object was about a third the length of the bridge?

A. Mr. At the height we reported it, it appeared to covef one-third of the bridge. Our measurements are not accurate, we, of course, seem to differ on how long the bridge was, says the bridge was at least 200 yards.

Mr. Yooh, I feel the bridge is 200 yards.

Mr. And I say 300 feet, I am not sure myself. At the scene, after

WARNING: IMO document contain! Information atEeflng .national detente of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage lews. Title It, U. ft C.. Section! 793 end 7M. He treniuOsBion of the nvelotfon 0< Ms contenls in any monnoe fa an unauthorised person b prohibited by low. ft may not be reproduced m who!* or In port, or tor the I United States Air Force Acenciee, except by permission of the Ofreetor of InfelOgenoe, USAF

AF Form im A • REPLACES AF FORM 112-P.GT. WHICN MAT BE USED. CLASSIFICATION (SECURITY INFORMATION when fJltd in)
I OCT 52 ASP
U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE. IMS-O-387112 16-69410-t
```