The image provided does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
27 March 1959
MEMO FOR RECORD
SUBJECT: UFO Pictures of
I. The Investigation:

Major Friend of the Aerial Phenomena Group, Air Sciences Division, AFAFIN-44, visited Washington, D. C., 1 December 1958 through 4 December 1958. MAJOR FRIEND reported his interview with
who was supposed to have some photographs and a developer he has supposedly perfected, has plagued M/Gen. 
.

Prior to contacting Major Friend cleared with both Major Pyrna of AFGSC and Major Tetrick of
. Neither had heard of

Initial contact with was made by telephone on the morning of 3 December 1958. Information developed that is would be impossible to grant an appointment before approximately 1900, due to a large number of existing engagements persons in high places and a pressing agency with which they were associated. He later let drop broad hints like "we can still talk to you" but indicating this initial governmental contact would serve as a cover up and not to eat. This one comment serves to sum up the man's attitude toward the government and may indicate the United States Air Force.

At approximately 1900 on 3 December 1958, Major Friend arrived at the place of business in which was located. Major Friend met Major outside of his office and immediately recognized credentials indicating was some highly placed official in other government agency. It was obvious at that what was about to be seen was dynamite. Upon entering the office, Major Friend was ushered into a rear room of the place of business.

Major Friend spent approximately three hours with during which time the contents of a particular package referred to by as the "Air Force M/Gen.
" file and in particular out to give information vital earlier date concerning the photo developer he had supposedly perfected. Major Friend felt that person was very enthusiastic about his photographs and felt that they contained pictures "from the moon with associated shock waves" and of "angular ships" in our own atmosphere.

UNCLASSIFIED