The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically related to an incident that took place on Trinidade Island.

The text in the document is as follows:

"THE A.F.O. BULLETIN
March, 1960
TRINIDADEI*
Since my last report on the unidentified object seen by the crew of the Brazilian ship "Almirante Saldanha" off the island of Trinidade, I have received additional information.
The ship, as you may recall, had been off the island on January 16, 1958 and the crew observed and photographed what appeared to be a metallic object hovering over the island. The incident created considerable interest and was widely reported in the Brazilian press.
I have since learned that after returning to port, the crew was debriefed by Brazilian naval authorities. The officer in charge of the "Almirante Saldanha" was ordered to submit a full report on the incident, including the photographs taken.
A copy of this report has now been obtained by the Air Force. It contains the following additional details:
1. The object was first sited at about 1:30 p.m. on January 16th, hovering over the center of the island at an estimated altitude of 2,000 feet. It was described as being metallic in appearance, circular in shape, and about 40 feet in diameter.
2. As the ship approached to within about 3 miles of the island, the object began to ascend vertically at a very high rate of speed, disappearing from view in less than 10 seconds.
3. During the approximately 4 minutes the object was under observation, it did not make any horizontal movement, but remained stationary over the center of the island.
4. The crew member who took the photographs stated that he had a good view of the object through binoculars and could see no protrusions, windows, or other exterior features.
5. According to the report, the object's departure from the island was observed by personnel of the Brazilian Navy's Hydrographic and Navigation Service, who were stationed on the island.
In addition to the foregoing, I have also obtained copies of some of the photographs taken by the crew of the "Almirante Saldanha". These show the object clearly, and prove that it was a real and substantial phenomenon, not an hallucination or optical illusion.
The Air Force has carefully analyzed the photographs, and they have been found to be authentic and undoctored. The photographic evidence, combined with the detailed eyewitness accounts, leaves little doubt that some type of unusual aerial object was present over Trinidade Island on January 16, 1958.
It is my considered opinion that this case represents one of the most puzzling and interesting incidents in the history of Project Blue Book. The Air Force is continuing its investigation, and I shall keep you informed of any further developments."