The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN
March, 1960
Page 7

The text in the document reads as follows:

Trinidade...
(Continued from page 6)
Evaluation of the "Alvarez" photographs, which had not been reported released, said that these photographs in his interview, which is considered below:

There were four prints "mutilated" and the difficulty for a proper analysis from a photography standpoint was that all officers from the Navy General Staff stationed at the island, the person who is supposed to have taken these photos, and the others who may have touched the film, were warned not to discuss the matter. The Navy authorities refused to make any comments on the matter. An attempt by the press denied any knowledge of the matter. The Navy said that only Miramar naval base authorities were authorized to discuss the matter. Some Navy Departments even tried to deprive the Associated Press of interest.
The Intelligence officer said: "We want your negatives for further examinations. Do you still have the film? These things happened three days after the arrival of the "Almirante Saldanha" at the Navy's Intelligence Headquarters. A few days later the negatives arrived with a card informing me about the results of their study.
This time they also asked for my Rolltek. They should do that before, in order that I present them. Curiously, they not only asked for the films, as at the moment of the sightings. They asked the rest of the material.
I answered them that the saucer was not more than 500 Ft. /hour. One of the observers, who was beside me measuring it, said that the saucer was hovering over the "Desejado" Peak, stopped for four to five seconds, and that the saucer was not more than 500 Ft. /hour. They asked me about the size of the object, and I told them about 20-25 Ft. in diameter.
They asked me several other questions related to the observation. There came a suggestion that I should go to the United States, but I refused it alleging that I could not absent myself from my post.