There does not appear to be any photograph in this image. The image shows a document containing text from the "Project Blue Book" UFO investigation program.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
SECURITY INFORMATION [when filled In] 
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
ORIGINATING AGENCY 
OAIRA, Manila, Philippines
IR-92-58
1. Quoted herewith is extract of letter from Father Labrador, who provides the Manila Observatory (PAGASA - L-2494-54), to Father D. McNally, Director of the Manila Observatory.
"ALL ABOUT: AT (4 - 17 17) p.m. a brilliant spot light on the little platform at the end of the Western sky, was in the eclipse (zenith), southern part, a very bright, sharply defined phenomenon, lingering for about 30 minutes. And its apparent source was disappearing westward."
Referred 405 milliliters. Disappeared from my view behind Palayan Mt. Head.
There was no sound. It moved away very fast but it seemed to stop or slow down in the small in curve and then proceeded again with great speed. The size was about 1/20 part of the moon and its color was white. The direction was from East to West.
If it is true that such phenomena are within 50 miles I thought many would notice the. It seems to be a major phenomenon rather than a mirage. The whole of Manila was lighted up.
The following comments were made by Father Labrador in his original report:
"The angle reported by Father Labrador seems perfectly to the described of the unknown object." It is reported that the Russians are using a re-en-try technique of capsules from their satellite vehicles. If this is true, the pattern observed here would fit such a description. There would be a slowing down as the vehicle came in for a landing in the atmosphere and then it would descend again.
That Father Labrador should be in a position to observe another "phenomenon" is quite reasonable if these vehicles are originating from the same place."
GU:UTS is of Preparing Officer:
1. Interviewed by personnel of this office on 14 February 1958 concerning the sighting reported in IR-92-58. Although interviewed, the individual in question did not comment or give any additional information concerning his training and background nor did he express any definite conclusions or interpretations on the sighting except those contained in his original report.
2. The A-F sent ground observation teams into the general area described in the original report and learned no additional significant information concerning the sighting.
S. OLCAL 2
This let p«o vc any manta.
Major F. O'NEILL 
Captain, USAF, Assistant Air Attach