The image contains a photograph that appears to be a grainy black-and-white image of something in the sky. The text indicates that this photograph was taken by a photographer who was on a ship, and the image was meant to capture a UFO that was observed by the officers and crew.

Text from the document:

Early that month (see Chapter IX), and settlers at Itapu Fort, near Santos, on November 4 had reported a UFO that knocked out the lights and electric plant.) With a weather balloon going up daily, paraschuting floated down at odd times, and sea gulls cresting over the island, the advent of other "saucers" was inevitable. During November and December several UFOs were reported by workmen, none of whom were trained observers. Although neither Captain Bacellar, the commanding officer at the station, nor his officers saw any unidentified objects, he radioed Rio to report the incidents and investigated each story. Some he found to be false, some were based on mistakes identification of gulls and balloons, and in others the evidence was inconclusive.

Early in January 1958, when the Almirante Saldanha arrived on schedule at Trinidade, it had on board several civilian guests who were to collaborate in various aspects of the research. Among them was Alinio Barauna, a professional photographer. After several days at the island, the ship prepared to leave for the return trip to Rio on January 16. Shortly after noon Barauna was on deck with his camera, waiting to film the departure. The sea was rough, and waves dashing against the ship and the rocky shore created a noisy background.

According to the news accounts printed several weeks later, Captain Viegas, of the Brazilian Air Force, suddenly shouted "Olha o disco!" ["Look at the disc!"], and officers and crewmen on deck also observed the UFO, he said, and interfered with his aim as they ran about excitedly. Nevertheless he managed to take six shots of the UFO as it approached the island, disappeared behind a mountain peak, reversed direction and reappeared at a lower altitude, retraced its course, and vanished with incredible speed against the horizon. The unknown had arrived and departed in a period of about twenty seconds.

According to the news stories, the photographer had retired to the ship's darkroom under the supervision of an officer to develop the negative, and found that four of the six exposures showed the mysterious object. He was not able to make prints, he said, because the darkroom supplies unfortunately did not include any photographic paper. However, he did exhibit the negative and the developed film to Captain Viegas and other officers.