The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Jupiter Now Most Prominent
April is the month that will see the planet Jupiter in greatest elongation to the east, bringing the first solar eclipse of the year.

By JAMES STOKLEY

Jupiter is now in opposition to the earth, so that it is nearly on the same side of the sun as the earth. This means that Jupiter will rise about the time the sun sets, and will remain visible throughout the night. In fact, at about midnight, Jupiter will be seen highest in the sky.

Jupiter is now in the constellation of Cancer, but near that is the bright star Regulus, one of the "four corners" of the sidereal square of Leo. Also in that part of the sky is the constellation Gemini, the Twins. Near the bright star Pollux, one of the Twins, is the lesser dog, Canis Minor, the smaller dog.

Gion is Faint

To the right of Orion is Taurus, the bull, in which we can see the Pleiades, or Seven Sisters, a group of stars that have been observed since ancient times. This month a reddish variable star called Gion is very faint.

The last full moon, coming on April 1, was almost exactly overhead at midnight. The next full moon will be seen on April 30.

The Easter Moon

The Easter cycle is based on the moon. Easter always comes on the first Sunday after the full moon that occurs on or just after the vernal equinox, March 21. This year the full moon occurred on March 30. Thus, Easter comes on April 13.

The Crucifixion and Resurrection of Christ took place during the full moon in Nisan, the first month of the Jewish calendar, which falls in March or April. Since Christ was crucified on a Friday, when the full moon would be in the sky, this made the story more dramatic.

One group wanted to celebrate Easter always on the 14th of Nisan, while another group wanted it on the Sunday following the 14th. This was settled at the Council of Nicaea in 325 A.D. by the Church, which decided that Easter would come on the Sunday following the full moon that occurs on or just after March 21.