There is no photograph present in this page of the UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Now acting as an OCR system, here is the text found in the document:

"Page 8
THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN
March, 1959

Trindade:
(Continued from page 7)
Technical reports, our negatives
were seen by everybody on the ship.
When the ship arrived at Rio,
they were picked up by Naval Intelligence and projected on a screen together
with a number of films sooner and
later. One of the officers of the Trindade said that the photographs were
forming the Navy about Sightings made
in that country. A comparision was
demonstrated that the object observed
at Trindade was similar in shape to the
famous flying saucers that have been
sighted during the past months by many
persons in various parts of the world.
Trindade. Some of those people observed
UFOs on more than one occasion. Just
think how much more accurate in
accuracy the time a saucer would be
sighted than that at which the exact
moment the pictures were taken. They
must have been mistaken. There are a lot of sea-gulls in
that region. Of course, come in, Rashleigh!
We realize that the Navy could have
UFOs around weather balloons launched
from the island of Trinidade in November 1957.
We realize that the Navy could have
reporting the strange events." Unquote
(The A.P.R.O. BULLETIN, JOURNAL, Vol. 8, No. 2, February 22, 1960)
Captain Vieira interrupted that, as a trained observer, could still
swear that their object was still
tried to keep the secrecy about the incident. This press conference by the Navy's
authorities was considered inadequate.
the policy to deny any connection with
blue-book was charged at oince. It was
evident that the Navy did not want to
the the the Navy had to talk freely about
the facts and not try to hide them. As
a matter of fact, the Navy released all
JOURNAL OF THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN,
of these statements will be transcribed in another part of this report, but none
of them will be presented now--for it
was found an interview that was reported
in the December 12,1958, issue of the
JOURNAL.
This officer was Com. Paulo Moreira
and Navigation Service. He was interviewed on February 22. But according NOTICE, releasing the following
statement:
"Trindade was sighted in the skies of
trindade' was not a weather balloon,
neither on Ascension island neither, I
can assure you. The object I saw
descending in the sea was not a seacgull. I was alone on the deck and
analyzing all the details, as an experienced
meteorological balloon--for the one which
I had mistaken that they were reported

was encircled by a greenish glow, our
horizon line. Everything happened in fast
was off for seventy-two minutes,
motion. It seemed to me more than 30
was corap, vanishing beyond the
meters in diameter and was soarp, vanishing
horizon line. Everything happened in
horizon line. Everything happened in last
than six seconds, in the direction of
motion. It seemed to me more than 30
Abrolhos Islands. The object
meters in diameter and was soarp, vanishing
horizon line. Everything happened in
descended a distance of 300 meters and
motion. It seemed to me more than 30
meters in diameter and was soarp, vanishing
horizon line. Everything happened in
rapid. It was almost impossible for me
Object. Mr. Barauna, however, affirms
that he saw it descending and also for
cine camera of modern type,
which was able to produce these details.
The object sighted was the same seen on the
negative, as developed aboard the N.E.
'Almirante Saldanha.' 
The reports of Captain Viega,
Mauricio Gomes, Almirante Vieira
, Filho reports,
sent additional evidence confirming
that checked the witnesses. They could
not have been mistaken for the
traction has been in the whole thing. The
CAB astronomers--the non-believers. One of
them a most important character
who is governing the whole thing. There
a written statement signed by Cmdr. Ba-rauna, former chief of the Navy's Aviation
Service.
These important documents will be presented in the conclusion of this report.
However they will give you now some details
connected with this case."
UAO PHOTOGRAPHED 
IN VIENNA

The Vienna newspaper 'Wiener Morgon' of
the 6th of March gave p pace to a picture 
of a alleged white object against a dark
background on March 7 as seen from a 
Vindobona in Austria. Photographer Edgar
Siecil was credited the picture. Siecil 
said there was a beam of light streaming
from the object, and the photo was taken at
about 59 seconds. He took several pictures
during this time. The photographer said
the object was stationary and after a short
time disappeared from view."