The document page does not contain a photograph.

**OCR Transcription of the Document:**

```
YOCOOL, 1q 825th AD, Subj: F'lying Objects Little Rock Air Force Bese

the size of a B-47 about 1900 houra 1!3 December 1953, while driving
on Highway 67 east from North LitUe Rock, Arkansas with A/C George
Taban, A!' l•!217009, he saw a bright light flash across the sky which
appeared to be over the Little Rock AFB (approximately 7 miles away)
which appeared to travel horizontally to the ground for about 30°
and then exploded like a fireworks rocket. A/C Taban stated
when his attention was called to the light by A/C patent he only
saw it for about 2 or 3 seconds before it appeared to explode. The
light appeared to be about a foot long and narrow and was white in
color. He also thought it went parallel to the ground in a straight
line. The night was clear and the visibility was very good. It did
not appear to be a meteor of which he had seen four on the night' of
13 December.
        5. A/1C F. William R. Dad.ley Was interviewed and stated he was in
the tower as an observer on the night of 1!3 December 1958 when he
happened to see a bright red light to the east which he first thought
wae a flare, but it was moving very f'aet and got brighter as it trarnled
but finally went out. It wa;i about 7 to 5 degrees above the horizon
when he first noticed it and only moved about 2 degrees towards the
horizon during the 2 seconds it waa visible to him.. He called the
Air Police and was told they had not sent up a flair. Thereafter; he
received a call f'rom Adams Field inquiring if he had seen a bright
light in the sky. He was told that observers at Adams Field had seen
it to the east. !Ie described the light as about the size of' a quarter
if placed up against the glass in the 'Gower. He finally concluded
that it was Sputnik III descending into the atmosphere since he had
seen news items that it was about to tal.ll..
     6. H:r. J. J. Casper, Special Agent in Charge, ~Soltte Rock Field
Office, Federal Bureau of Investigation, U.S. Post Otrice, Little Rock,
Aricu:i:ee, w!vised on interview that his of'f'ice had not received any
information on any unidentified flying objects on 5, 13 or 14 December
1958.
     7. Major Loge, Detachment 8, 10th IBS Squadron, Adams Reeld,
Little Rock, Arkansas, was contacted by the investigating officer and
advieed that he had no report of any unidentified flying objects being
picked up recently by his personnel.
     a. Nr. Williams, Tower Operator, Adams Field, above, had no
report of any unidenti!'.ied flying objects on either· 13 or 14 December
1958.
     9. Since the incident of S'ighting a UFO on 1# December 1953
ended in the apparent disintegration ot' the object, no details on
weather conditions are 'being subaitted for tha.t date.

5
```