The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

Here is the text from the document:

5 January 1959

Dr. 
Cambridge 38, Mass.

Dear Dr. 

You and your family have my hopes for a happy and successful New Year.

In our earlier telephone conversation I promised to send you a weekly summary of our activities, but after further thought I feel a bi-monthly summary would be sufficient, supplemented by telephone calls. Any questions or suggestions you have, will, of course, receive my earliest convenience.

There has been some time since you have been brought up to date. On 28 December 1958, the outstanding case of the last three months of 1958, the case of the Flying Object photographed over the Sheffield Lake, Ohio area on 21 September 1958, may be obtained from the enclosed chart covering the last six months of 1958.

080002, 21 September 1958, Sheffield Lake, Ohio
A housewife was awakened by an intense bright light in her bedroom. She stated to a neighbor that position on the bed and from her window viewed an object which she described as round (saucer-like) approximately twenty feet in diameter. In addition, she stated that she first sighted the object following objects made several oscillations in her front yard approximately six feet from the ground, and then disappeared straight upward at a very high speed. The witness stated that the object was humming and whirring.

The Air Force investigators on the case discovered two light sources which were on the ground, some distance from the location of the witness' house. It appears this light was caused by the reflection of the object on the water of Lake Erie. The Air Force investigator's opinion is that the object sighted should be classified as "hoax or phenomenon" because of the inconsistencies in the witness' statements and the conditional fact that the weather at the time of the sighting was extremely mist and rain with smoke and haze. An acoustic and the additional fact, the witness watched a "horror movie" (Twilight Zone) before retiring. And finally, the witness had a history of mental disturbance.