The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a technical information sheet summarizing an observed unidentified flying object.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET 
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, measurements, or sketches that may supplement the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [REDACTED]
SIGNATURE: [REDACTED]
DATE: July 24, 1958

This unidentified object was seen while [REDACTED] was on the morning of June 14, 1958 while he was in the observation dome watching Weather Bureau Balloons. The object entered the field of vision at an Azimuth of 247.5° (looking toward the east northwest) (Weather Bureau Theodolite) and proceeded on a bearing of 77° for approximately 3 minutes. The object was followed aurally with a theodolite and visually. It was described as having the following characteristics: the object was shaped like a fireball, white in color, no tail, no exhaust, and no sound. The angular elevation varied from 10° to 12° during the observation. The speed was estimated at 2000 feet per second. The object traveled a distance of about 15 miles in the 3 minutes it was observed. The observation was terminated as the object went off the field of vision at an Azimuth of 309°. It took 12 minutes (plus or minus 1 minute) for the object to travel this distance. There are no other witnesses, but the count could possibly be in error by one minute, since it could not be taken continuously due to the intermittent nature of the sighting. The object was traveling at a very high angle, the shape became quite circular as it moved across the sky. It was apparently a very bright circular object of definite shape and had a very definite and distinct outline, more so than most any lighted balloon or aircraft that could be seen from that distance.