There is no photograph present in the given UFO report document page.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
UFO SIGHTING
LOCK RAVEN DAM, NORTH OF BALTIMORE, MARYLAND
26 October 1958

On 26 October 1958 two men were driving near Lock Raven Dam, which is north of Baltimore, Maryland. As they rounded a curve in the road, near a bridge they sighted what appeared to be a large, flat and sort of egg-shaped object hanging between 100 and 150 feet off the top of the superstructure of the bridge.

They slowed their car but decided to go closer and investigate the object. They slowly drove closer to the object along the road leading to the bridge. When they were within approximately 75 or 80 feet of the bridge, the car went completely dead. The witnesses reported it seemed as if the entire electrical system was affected, the dash and head lights went out when the motor went dead. The driver of the car put on the brakes and tried to start the car but got no reaction whatsoever.

The witnesses became frightened and both got out of the car, and hid behind it in the absence of any other cover. From this vantage point they watched the UFO for approximately 30 to 45 seconds. Suddenly the UFO seemed to flash a brilliant white light, and both witnesses reported they felt heat on their faces. Concurrently, there was a loud noise which they interpreted as a dull explosion or thunder clap.

Very quickly so that the witnesses didn’t know the proper sequence of events the object started to rise vertically. The object did not change its position over the bridge during the rising but did appear very bright and the edges became diffused so that its shape couldn’t be made out as it rose. It took from 5 to 10 seconds to disappear completely.

After the object disappeared from view, the witnesses turned the car around, which started without any trouble, and rushed back to the nearest telephone to report the incident. The phone was reached 15 minutes after the incident, and the sighting was reported to the Towson Police Dept., which sent over two patrolmen to interview the witnesses.

After reporting the sighting to the patrolmen, the witnesses experienced a burning sensation of the skin and proceeded to St. Joseph’s Hospital in Baltimore where they were given an examination and dismissed. The witnesses returned home individually.

Notes: The bridge is a double-arched, steel-frame construction with a concrete road bed. It has a fresh coat of dark green paint and is about 40 feet high at the maximum height of each arch. The entire bridge is about 500 feet long (0.1 mile), and the point at which the UFO was first seen was approximately 3/4 mile or one mile away.

There was no unusual meteorological activity in the area, no thunderstorms and quite clear. Visibility at Friendship Airport was 20 miles at 0100, 27 Oct 58.

This case was extensively investigated; however, no valid conclusion could be reached as to the nature of the object or phenomena, and it remains unidentified. The available evidence does not indicate that this object or phenomena constitutes a threat to the security of the United States.
```