The image contains a black and white photograph of what appears to be a document page from a Project Blue Book UFO report. There is no additional photograph or image besides the document page itself.

O.S.I.
Lockheed Air Base
Columbus, Ohio

Dear Sir:

November 14, 1958

At that time a member of our organization discovered the pictures. 
We were told to not put the pictures on display or try to sell them. 
We have done this and held the pictures in our possession. We find
that our pictures have a story behind them that might be of interest to
the director of U.P.O. in Newark, N.J. do not know the legal standing as it was not signed by a major, written by a major. 
It does not mention anything as far as I can determine. 
It does not say anything about any witnesses that have some pictures and I know theyhave some pictures and I know they have some other information.
Our pictures was taken them and I assume they will give them to me.

I am not sure where Col hand told me he got them from some Newark Advocate.
First I had been explain about the pictures Col told me he used to have one but it was lost in the crash. To bring the truth to the public of everything and anything that is seen in this way.
They felt that this government agent in man picture and tell all.
Stating how the Club was being handled and what a fantastic
organization this man has had on the subject.
without our knowledge. Mr. husband and son like to use them on display and I immediately contacted the owner of the
pictures and removed them from the that display when I explained to him
the circumstances under which I obtained. So these are pictures
that he returned them and gave them to me. I have tried to
talk with this editor of newspaper and he tells me that something was obtained by some method he does not know from the file and
this was obtained from what I know as I was all the person disclosed by the director U.P.O.C., as far as I can find
and the Air Force came to Newark and looked at the pictures. I have
tried to tell Mr. what he can do about him let us know just what
big thing I do not know what to pictures were and possibly they were
Organization that does show on public show. that it would be
the man that is a member of U.P.O.A.P. has claims that they will fear his
arrest is a tried to explain that the organization in worse than UFORs
but the boy is told all the way this he must bring the truth to the people.
I would rather my son would be looking through a telescope than running around with a gang of hoodlums there is a mine watch of boys in this club out