There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. 

The text output from the OCR is as follows:

"THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN
May, 1960
Physical Evidence ...
(Continued from page 2)
The contents of a letter dated 7 April 1960 
and which was answered by another letter dated 15 April I960, which read:
'Dear Mrs. Lorenzen:
This is to acknowledge your letter of 7 April 1960 concerning certain
regulations and procedures. I am enclosing a copy of this regulation.
You will note that Paragraph 29 therein
provides that unidentified flying objects and results of investigations,
regardless of origin, will be released to the public by the Director, Mrs. Lorenzen, as the
official APRO spokeswoman to the public with information on sightings and
evaluations. Sincerely, L. J. Tacker'
On the 15th of April, the following text
was a letter to the same date: 'Dear Mrs. Lorenzen:
This will acknowledge receipt of your letter of 7 April I960 with APR 203-3 enclosed.
You stated that the new regulation of 7 September 1959, differing from previous policies, are concerned. The differences are requiring that any additional information,
even that in possession of ATIC with the aim of submitting it to your headquarters for examination. This presumably means any persons or organizations that may have
factual data on an APRO or other case offered for examination. This requirement comes under Paragraph 39 and that direct communication with the ATIC can be prohibited in some instances.
I would have to view your copy of communications to
ATIC for this office with the current regulations to compare with what you request.
I am at this time unaware of any formal
communication from this office that would form a basis for your comments
on this matter with APR 203-3 Paragraph 39 -  the details of ATIC procedures.
However, I would probably suggest that you might want to be alerted on the morning of 25 March I960 and the conclusions of
their investigations up to that time - and ask you to address your inquiry
to Col. E. Lorenzen, Director. On the 30th your letter to us was shifted to ATIC. The following
is in the interest of correcting any misunderstanding which may have occurred:
'Dear Mrs. Lorenzen
On receipt of your letter of 7 April 1960, the contents were brought to the attention of Col. E.Lorenzen, Director. Our office has no restrictions as to the release of APRO information to the ATPC. Any additional information, even that in the possession of ATIC, can be made available through APRO headquarters for examination.
There has never been any intention on the part of ATIC to restrict communications to or from APRO or other private organizations. As the Director, Mrs. Lorenzen, you are specifically authorized under the referenced regulation to release to the public, information on UFO' sightings and results of investigations, regardless of origin.
If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to contact this office.
Sincerely, L.J. Tacker'
AFR object a 'bulge motion'?
The Director, Mrs. Lorenzen, held a press conference on Holloman AFB, New Mexico, on the 9th of March to further the public interest in and understanding of the UFO problem. Some of the AFB's scientific personnel attended.
The Director, Mrs. Lorenzen, was asked several questions, one of which was: 'What is an APRO scientist?' She replied that APRO scientists are professional people,  not paid employees of APRO, who assist in the investigation of unidentified objects reported to APRO. They volunteer their time and the use of their specialized knowledge or facilities.
One AFB person asked: 'What is a "bulge motion?" ' The Director explained that this term is used to describe a type of motion sometimes observed in connection with UFO's. It refers to a swelling or bulging of the object, as if internal mechanism or something within the object is moving or operating. This was in reference to some of the physical evidence APRO has collected through its investigation.
The question was asked: 'How long has APRO been in existence?' The Director replied that APRO was founded in 1952 and is a non-profit, scientific organization devoted to the investigation of UFO's.
During the screening chain of events, the Holloman Home Telephone, which is a special line, was in constant use. Calls between the Director, Mrs. Lorenzen, and her staff of employees at Holloman were monitored. When the final physical evidence was sent out to the press on March 15th, an editor at Kansas City called and it was determined that the AP had released the story, without the APR Director's approval, on the 21st (probably checking with others concerned). The physical evidence was accepted well abroad, but in the U.S. serious questions have been raised as to its validity and it is not generally believed.
We have said that we would not release this material "Bink-stein" because people have been confronted with evidence that they can't accept, and then later are proved wrong. The "oneness" we have said in the past and will reiterate at this time--that some relationship to a higher Intelligence seems evident in many UFO
sightings--is still not accepted and
we know a certain type of confirmation seems to elude us. Perhaps we will never find it. In the meantime, on the 22nd of March, Mrs. Lorenzen was informed by a friend that her 20th (21st?) of March press release had been carried by wire services and many different newspapers as a sensation. Some sensational claims even had been added by editors.
Someone was obviously interested in APRO, because only a qualified officer or security screened person would be free to release such information about a security classified matter. The Director, Mrs. Lorenzen, wishes to make it clear that she has not authorized any release of information that a security clearance is issued.
Someones who is vitally interested in perpetuating doubt about the Director's
activities, because she is only a
qualified officer, may seize any
chance to discredit her. However,
we shall continue to try to bring about
proper scientific investigations, no
matter what obstacles are put in our
way. For several reasons.

Page 3"