The image appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force UFO reporting form. There is no photograph present in this particular page. I will now proceed to transcribe all the text found in the document.

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE UFO FORM
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)     Yes     No     Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)     Yes     No     Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound
b. Color
c. Size
d. Shape
e. Number

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pen's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object it covered. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, portholes, etc. Especially, indicate front and rear, or top and bottom, to give the drawing the proper aspect. Please do not make the drawing any larger than the space provided.
(Drawing space provided)

20. Do you think you can identify the object? 
(Circle One)     YES     NO
If you answered YES, then tell what

21. Do you think you can identify the object?
(Circle One)     YES     NO
If you answered YES, then tell what

22. Where were you located?
(Circle One)     a. Home   b. On the road   c. At work   d. Outdoors   e. In an airplane (type)   f. At sea   g. Other

24. If you were MOVING,
24.1 What direction were you moving?
24.2 How fast were you moving?
24.3 Did you stop or change course?

25. Did you observe the object through:
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

26. In order that you can get full facts which may lead to the identification of the object, please answer the following:
a. What is your name and address?
b. What is your occupation?
c. What is your age?
d. What is your background and experience in observing unusual aerial phenomena?