The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document that discusses an observation of Sputnik II.

uncertsinty in my mind about the angle at which Sputnik II would enter our visual horizon and about recent variations in time of passage which I did not fully understand.

At this point, which I approximate to be my best judgment as regards the time, I observed an object in the sky that immediately claimed my complete attention. I was standing with a friend called "Yulander Bell" (as I call her) about the fact that she usually has been the first to make the evening observations of Sputnik. I heard her remark that she was pointing upward in the same general direction of my observation.

I saw it at once and without thinking, I laughed, for the object was so very unlike any satellite I had ever observed. As this spile second there was no doubt in my mind but that I was witnessing Sputnik.

A very bright star-like object appeared in the skies at about 45 degrees angle from the horizon, being closer to Mars than Yenus in magnitude but absolutely distinct and observable. In the excitement of the next few seconds I did not reason that the object could not be Sputnik because of its location in the heavens, course or time of passage. I have observed Sputnik I and II on several occasions, both in the early mornings and early evenings, and this object observed in previous Sputnik sightings.
It was round, bright as neighboring stars, of their same color and intensity and did not fit the description of any other objects being observed in the heavens at a great distance in the heavens. It did not emit any other color than the pale white or blue-white of most stars, nor did it have any strange glows, unusual characteristics or other visible features.
Certainly there were no blinking lights or anything to indicate other than an actual star at this point. After bursting into view with the same dramatic entry which is characteristic of Sputnik sightings, this object began to move across the skies in a northerly or northeasterly direction and passed from my view.