The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document.

THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN
May, 1950

Trindade Sightings...
continued from previous issue, was on the deck with his camera and, after the sightings, was unable to determine what the camera had recorded due to the nervous excitement. It is believed that he did not have the presence of mind to watch him closely.
(3)--The film was developed in a photographic laboratory several hours after the incident.
(4)--The Captain Bacellar, who was in the darkroom, holding a flashlight during the film's development, waited out the film's development.
(5)--I saw the film immediately after it was developed, still wet, and ami-examining the negatives in order to determine any characteristics of the object that appeared.
(6)--The characteristics of the pictures preceding the object passage corresponded with scenes taken aboard a few minutes before the incident.
(7)--That, in the pictures connected with the sighting, was visible, in different positions, an image looking like the object seen near the island.
(8)--I called Army Headquarters, announcing the immediate copies requested by the Defense Minister. They arrived three hours later. He came in a two American airplanes on February 28. He was the Genera Thomas Darcy, the U.S.A.F representative in the Brazilian Military Commission for Technical Assistance Negotiations.
(9)--General Thomas Darcy, after an interview with the press, at the Aero International Institute, visited me several times and discussed the reasons for his visit. The reasons are connected with several things. One of them is related with the "Trindade Sighting" and, as a defense military equipment for anti-submarine defense. On this trip I understand the Defense Minister, several officials, also authorized photographing the Trindade Island again.
(10)--The Newrpapermen then asked for his conclusion on the "Trindade sighting" to which the General gave the following answer:
"In the USAF we have a well-established viewpoint about flying saucers. We cannot share the contention that some of these UFOs can be a natural phenomena of atmospheric origin, because they still remain, and we cannot explain them. Military and scientific research must continue, and we will withhold our opinions on the matter so that a proper and definitive conclusion can be reached."
Major-General Thomas Darcy. Former Secretary of the General Staff of the USAF, Command, during World War II, has made several trips to Brazil in past years to look into various military problems with the Brazilian authorities.