The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memorandum for the record regarding a meeting of UFO investigators from existing ATIC resources at 1300 hours on this date. The text describes the details of the meeting, including the attendees, the briefing from Colonel Glaser on the proposed plan for improving reports and investigations within the overall UFO program, and the discussion by CWO Thomas regarding the possibility of establishing necessary volunteer forces to carry out a training program for UFO investigators.

MEMORANDUM FOR THE RECORD

1. At 1300 hours this date, a meeting was held in the Air Science Division regarding the feasibility of establishing a volunteer force of UFO investigators from existing ATIC resources. Persons in attendance at this meeting were:

Colonel I. T. Glaser - AFCIN-4H4
Major R. J. Friend - AFCIN-4E4
Captain T. C. James - AFCIN-4X5C
Captain R.R. Martin - AFCIN-4X5B
CWO W.T. Thomas - AFCIN-4X4b
Mr. H.E. Hayes - AFCIN-4X4b

2. Colonel Glaser briefed all conferees on present shortcomings within the UFO program as outlined under the provisions of AIR FORCE Regulation 200-2. He then revealed to the conferees the essence of our proposed plan for improving reports and investigations within the overall UFO Program.

3. CWO Thomas indicated that he could foresee no particular difficulty in obtaining necessary volunteers to carry out our proposed program, provided that the people were sufficiently briefed on shortcomings within the UFO program and the need for further ATIC participation in this program. He suggested the setting up of a specially trained program for UFO investigators provided that we could see our way clear to make a series of training kits available comparable to what we have done in our regular Civil Air Patrol training program. The problem that we could see was one of scheduling which we all felt could be satisfactorily worked out once the program was approved. Captain James could foresee no particular difficulty in providing the basic equipment necessary for six highway kits of UFO investigative equipment. He indicated that due to the lack of procedure that we had to provide Air Force stock equipment for these kits, Captain James indicated that he could anticipate some difficulty because of the number of pilots to be serviced by the kits. Nevertheless, he felt that some support could be obtained through GMR channel, provided that the necessary command approval was obtained. He pointed out that we would probably be able to move a lot faster if we could provide the necessary money for commercial transportation. He pointed out that in view of the nominal nature of the program being proposed and the present limitations on ATIC funds, this would probably call for a nominal appropriation to make possible the best use that we could of GMR capability.

UNCLASSIFIED