There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

Text extracted from the document:

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
ORIGINATING AGENCY: DEPT AS 39, Virginia
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, Hampton, Virginia, 25 February 1958
The following report is submitted in accordance with the requirements of AFR 200-2. This incident was investigated by the Langley Air Force Base Operations.
A. Description of the Object:
(1) Shape: Circular sources of light.
(2) The size was estimated to be slightly smaller than a dime held at arm's length.
(3) Color was white tinged with yellow.
(4) Approximately seven light sources were observed.
(5) The lights were observed to be in a rough "V" formation or about a 120° angle.
(6) No features or details were discernable.
(7) No tail, trail, or exhaust was observed.
B. Observer's reported no found. He had specifically indicated that anything moving that fast would undoubtedly be as an apparent speed. This was only unusual features of the sightings seemed to be the apparent speed which was estimated to be approximately 600 to 800 knots. In both of these sightings the apparent speed was approximately the same. No other details could be ascertained during this observation. As the information of the source seemed to move or oscillate within the time of observation, it was judged that this movement was more rapid than the observer could accurately determine. He further stated that the sources seemed to move or oscillate with a comparatively steady course.
C. Description of Course or Objects:
(1) Attention of the observer was called to the objects by the violent motion.
(2) When first observed on the first sighting, the lights appeared to be directly overhead when first observed. During the second sighting the lights appeared to move from overhead slightly to the side.
(3) The lights seemed to enter the area and then disappeared or simply vanished from sight in a rather rapid manner.