There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image contains an Air Intelligence Information Report with a detailed description of an observed object, but no photograph is included.

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
GOGS6h. Al 32, 9pt AP3, Colorado DS-u-C-1
The following format was extracted from: REPORT NR 15, AFR 200-2-1
A. Description of Object:
(1) The object was cylindrical in shape with the diameter of about a little less than one half the length. The object appeared to be vibrating or shimmering, and seemed to be metallic in color although this may have been caused by the brighter color at those positions.
(2) The object was about the size of one thirty second (1/32") in diameter and one sixth (1/6") in depth.
(3) The object was whitish with a slight orange tint. t hese were some slight blinking lights. The orange tint appeared similar to a reflection of sunlight. The source and the center of the object were a deeper orange color.
(4) One.
(5) N/A.
(6) The only descriptive features were those described in (1), (2) and (3) above.
(7) None observed.
(8) No sound was heard.
(9) None.
B. Description of Course of Object:
(1) Visual sighting of object traveling at a high rate of speed.
(2) From the observation point at 40 b. the object was at 30 degrees elevation and heading in a northerly direction.
(3) From the observation point at 52 the object was at 60 degrees elevation and on a northerly course.
(4) Pilot was on a one hundred eighty degree (180°) heading when he first observed the object traversing from south to north at a very high rate of speed. As the pilot continued straight ahead the object climbed at a steeper angle heading towards the north. The pilot made a slight adjustment to the left to keep the object in sight but lost sight of the object during the maneuver. During the observation the object appeared to be a small point of light and was at a very high altitude. The pilot stated that he couldn't keep the object in sight as it appeared to be traveling too fast and had climbed too high to be under his observation for more than three minutes at the most.