The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document containing text related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation into unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output of the text in the document is as follows:

f. ATIC prestige will lose the damaging effects which can be attributed to its association with a program so much in the public eye. 
a. There are certain disadvantages associated with this change. the 
magnitude of which will decrease as the agencies concerned become familiar with the new method of operation?
b. The requirement for the office handling this program to establish the necessary security measures for handling classified intelligence reports. 
c. It will be the responsibility of one individual not directly concerned with intelligence to determine which reports are of possible intelligence value. 
d. Possibility of delay of reports with intelligence value getting into proper channels and the resulting delay of evaluation and dissemination of intelligence information. 
e. The necessity for familiarizing sub-units of the Air Force with a new method of operating the aerial phenomena program.
5. It has been pointed out that there would possibly be a lag in intelligence information finding its way into the proper channels. However, it should be immediately obvious that reports which originate from intelligence sources would remain primarily in intelligence channels with information copies of these reports, when deemed necessary due to their relation with the aerial phenomena program, forwarded to the office in SAFOI which handles the project. The program should suffer little from being severed from an organization with a scientific and technical capability. The office within SAFOI responsible for this program could request the services of any agency within the government complex, which has a scientific capability, to assist in the analysis and evaluation of reports when deemed necessary.