The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

PROGRAM: In addition to these full time, or nearly full time people, there are a great number in the field who must meet the problems of this program on a wide basis (102 officers). Since 1947 this program has accumulated in the amount of work considerably which is outlined in the annual reports. The annual average for the average man's services has been 1,500. In 1922 a statistical study was made regarding the cost of running the program by the Air Force and the listed expenses must be added the operating expenses which can be directly attributed to this program. For all these expenses, the average annual cost is currently estimated to be $33,000.

DISCUSSIONS: 

1. Immediate elimination of the program. To do this would result in disastrous public relations and from the point of view of the public and the press and propaganda. In addition to arousing the confirmed UFO believers, it would virtually destroy the public interest which has been built up over the past years, while the eventual elimination is to be sought as a goal. It must be understood that this public interest would be very difficult to regain at a later date.

2. Reduce the program to a specific agency, by no means restricting it to the Air Force. It appears that the Air Force will not continue this effort in a manner which will satisfy the public and the scientific community. An orderly transfer and reduction of the program and its activities would have to be accomplished in such a manner as to avoid reports of any objects, which may prove hostile, to be intelligence and/or counterintelligence vehicles. The media and public interest which would suffer any abrupt discontinuance of the program.

3. Remove the UFO program from the intelligence community with plans for transferring it to a research and development unit or existing agency. This would have the advantage of moving the project out of the intelligence community which poses the problems of military intelligence. Second, it would eliminate to a large degree the intelligence responsibilities, both in reports and in the official posture, which has been one mainly of public relations. The program could be moved to the scientific community where effort could be expended more along the lines of answering the public interest rather than to providing data for intelligence.

4. Reorganize the entire program under the Director of Defense Research and Engineering (DDR&E). This would serve both to strengthen the scientific effort and to place the program in a position where it could more fully utilise all of the available technology. This arrangement would also serve to inform the public and the press of the official interest and intentions regarding the UFO phenomena. The program's activities could be made more on the order of a special research project, thereby providing greater security control and direction to the data acquisitions, and at the same time serving to answer the two major objectives of the program - scientific investigation and meeting public interest. A study program should be undertaken to determine the best organization and the true cause for the concern over these unidentified objects. This plan should make specific correlations to determine, if possible, the cause for the continuing public interest in this program.