There is no photograph present in this image. The text appears to be a typed report from American Airlines about an observation of three lights off the left wing of an aircraft on February 24, 1959 while flying over Bradford, Pennsylvania. The report describes the changing colors, positions, and behavior of these lights, and discusses the possible explanations and the observer's inability to identify the lighting of a jet tanker.

American Airlines, Inc. 
Flight 132 - February 24, 1959
Departing Newark 1910 arriving Detroit 2252.
It was approximately 2045 I noticed these three lights off my left wing
in the vicinity of Bradford, Pennsylvania. I was flying 8,500 VFR on top of
broken clouds. Visibility was unlimited with no upper clouds observed. It was
extremely difficult to ascertain the distance of the lights. The color of the lights
were from a yellow to a light orange. The intensity of the lights also changed,
dim to a bright brilliance. Sometimes the interval of the three lights were identical
to the Belt in the constellation Orion. Occasionally the rear lights lagged somewhat
behind. Also changed altitudes. During the 40 minutes of observation, the three
lights occasionally came forward from a 9 o'clock position to a 11 o'clock position
and then fell back to the original 9 o'clock position. Also occasionally the 
lights extinguished completely alternating from one to another, sometimes the whole
three were extinguished and during this whole operation, as I mentioned before,
the lighting changed in intensity. This action was not seen by regular but our
crew members and passengers on board and also by two other airplanes in the area.
The only possible explanation other than flying saucers could be a jet tanker
refueling operation. Never having witnessed refueling operation at night, I am not
aware of the lighting of the jet tanker.
My air speed during this complete flight was 250 knots indicated. I also do
not know the air speed of tankers during operation if this could be so. I contacted
ATC to find out if they had any airplanes on a clearance and no three airplanes were
given.
In summary, it was difficult for me to believe they were jets because of low
speed and configuration. If they weren't jets I still don't know any more than I did
before.