The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document that contains text describing an interview with an unidentified person regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting on October 13, 1959 on U.S. Government property located at 39 07 13N 76 00 15W. The text provides details about the sighting, the witness's observations, and the witness's impressions during the interview.

Attachment Number 1

In 13 October 1959 a flying object, shooting across the sky, was observed on U.S. Government property located at 39 07 13N 76 00 15W and reported as follows:

No. 34, a 15, and - - - -, age 34, were in a swampland northwest of the Plum Island dome (range), when they observed, at approximately 9:00 PM, a bright, white, circular object, shaped like a plate or dish, moving quickly and silently through the sky at an altitude of 75 to 90 feet above the ground. There was a dull red or reddish-orange glow around the object, which appeared to be about 30 to 40 feet in diameter. No wings, doors or other openings could be seen. The object moved in a steady, horizontal path and remained in view for about 45 to 60 seconds before disappearing. The witnesses stated the object was very bright and fired at them briefly before disappearing. They indicated they were very frightened and fired at the object. After the third shot he closed his eyes and rubbed them with his hand, at which time the object disappeared. They were so impressed by the brightness of the object that their eyes were affected for some time afterward.

The subject's mother appeared during the interview and stated that her son returned from hunting in a highly nervous state and showed her the rifle. In her opinion, he is a truthful boy and all night with him trying to keep him calmed down. 

I was impressed by the youth's calm answers to the usual questions required by Air Force investigators. He described the object with precision and consistency and showed no indication of fabrication. His use of terms such as "self-luminous", "reddish-orange glow", "horizontal path", and size measurements indicate a higher-than-average awareness and powers of observation. His impression that the object was "like aluminum" was also left with the distinct impression that the youth was telling the truth and that his story evoked a serious interest.