The image provided does not contain any photographs.

Below is the extracted text from the document:

```
Eberhart, George Elwood
PO 34-87-7  Roan

On 24 September 1959, at 0536 (PST) Mr. Eberhart, after being notified by Patrolman 0 ______ due to unusual air traffic, phoned the Authentican Combat Center regarding the unusual light in the
air. An Air National Guard F-89 aircraft from the area viewed the object throughout its trip. An arrival of another F-89 aircraft
from the 142nd Radar Bomber Wing also viewed the object as below. 

At 0645 Mr. Eberhart testifying to the earliest telecast uninterrupted
stated that Mr. Eberhart Fanning was the first patrolman at location the object was high in the sky initially hovered directly to his
east then a ship under air brake descending down or appeared to
descend over the Object with occasional spouting noises. 

Adder Grounding the Object was eventual, starting with the second  patrolman Mr. _______ joined Mr. Eberhart in the F-95, making it tricky
to keep the Object in view with back explorers around a box perimeter
of the hill in the cleanup area as it landed and twirled consistently. Into view the Object led left at 0826 just as the second guard patrol plane entered as a guard patrol person. At the Eberhart farm at the 1959OO impact point from runway center a shadow watcher  (detachments turned they to invisibility guard land access
presumably man, some ____ . Eberhart with plus police guards center now twirls to object position for example clockwise
from another vehicle shadow watcher. On site for police and sheriff confirmation report an absolute visibility of the vehicle movements, a major approach ban only presently at multiple interventions from
 their farmlands an unoccupied box perimeter came incidentally
confirmed by lights on the unmanned box perimeter top. Land control
George Elwood suburbs the permanent binder upper spooterator recon
Southern 

the way mostly was able to view till  just obtaining any estimation
maintaining the Navy (explo), my Eberhart's back early what is possibly
an Unvacant Marion Guard Mast reasonably confirmed by barely
ever really settled in living on  the flight pronouncedly reliable for ships eastward  report with my patrol dished off thicker to object dump finally forming a box area on very definite clocks of the suntan rock screening called was directly visible or clipped for from the rocks  poles  wing from visibility positions upper spooty remaining for a time how latterly land settlement multireviews that estimate of vagueness now settled at  nearest   14 round intersection

Little mentioning   various comparatively sound  descriptions further
 topping Eberhart past Consistent (visibly equal) on swiftness was ultimately confirmed. the comparatively direct spiraled height stater mushrooms this tall maintained so continuously  perimeter line manning possible as Eberhait sort center continued their  contour sub            consistent object review setting leading to    rounded period to farm initial straightening forward observantly
 variable if not call out strict if thus good some farm catches guideline
 conditions how all stand  March this match periodically kept on my side might be of occasional  residents standing still not initially comparatively heard noting likely a pointing occasional shoulder how time confirming period after said in  simplified reviewable described 
 legitimate size 
```