The image does not contain any photographs. However, it does include a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 25 - THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS
This, all the way to Detroit, and the pilot lost sight of them only when he headed to let down through the haze for a landing.
Reporters and photographers were waiting to interview him, and next day's Detroit Times carried a banner headline, "Mystery Pilots Land, Won't Talk, Photo of the scene shows a picture in which Captain Killian flanked
by the Detroit Police officers standing with three men who laid claim as pilots of the strange craft which landed in Detroit with the Detroit ATC, who did not know of any scheduled refueling operation.  The pilot reported his experience to officials of American Airlines, and next day returned to New York where again he was besieged by reporters and photographers.  Meanwhile, following standard CIRVIS procedure (Communication Instruction for Reporting Vital Intelligence Sightings from Aircraft), the Manager of Operations of American Airlines reported the incident to ATC at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.
In New York the day after the sighting Captain Killian gave a telephone interview to Radio Station WCHS, Charleston, West Virginia, describing his experience. Following the customary procedure, intelligence officer from Mitchell Air Force Base questioned Captain Killian, and in the talk with intelligence officers Captain Killian made the same statements he had made to American Airlines' officials. He didn't know what the lights were, and he couldn't tell how far away they were because he didn't know their size or their altitude [sic].
Not for months had such a good flying-saucer story appeared, and the newspapers made the most of it. Among the first to assert that the unknown lights had been flying saucers was the UFO Research Committee of Akron, Ohio (see Chapter xll). Members of the committee had received the news by telephone, even before Captain Killian's plane landed at Detroit, from the pilot of a United Airlines plane who had watched the lights on his flight to Akron.
Captain Killian himself described the UFO program in New York, Long John Nebel's after-midnight program in New York, Captain Killian visited a New York UFO organization, Civilian Saucer Intelligence (CSI), and appeared on several radio and TV programs. Both saucer addicts and newsmen besieged Air Force representatives, demanding an immediate explanation of the sighting. Finally, on February 25, only two days after receiving the report from American Airlines, ATIC yielded to public pressure and produced a tentative theory: it was possible that the pilot might have sighted the stars of Orion, as Captain Killian had first suggested. However, the release added no definite conclusion could be reached until all the facts had been studied.
I am slightly expecting the possibility that we might have been looking at some pilots who have solved the problem of space travel, and that they have solved the problems of their vehicles, coming and going at tremendous speeds."