The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter from Major Joseph Roland addressed to "Major Roland, HQ USAF, C-SAILI-3, RM 5D916, The Pentagon, Washington 25, D.C.".

The text of the letter is as follows:

Phoenixville, Pennsylvania 
20 May 1959

My dear Major Roland:

I am embarrassed to recall how long I shared a observation of mine with Colonel___. He gave me your address, and suggested that I write to you about it. However, I feel sheepish every time I visit where the Colonel is a patient for not having written.

I was driving at about 1655 EST, I observed a strange object in the sky - on the giving, and then watched it disappear. Within 15 minutes I was home, and instantly sat down and made the attached notes about the incident. If convenient, could I have a acknowledgment?

I was driving on route 202 about 4 miles northeast of Norristown, Penna - driving toward Norristown. The sun was only a few degrees above the horizon. It was daylight, and then I noticed the object off the right-hand side of my windshield, about 10 degrees above the horizon. It was shaped like a cigar. Its axis was vertical, as observed. Its length was about half the sun's diameter.

My first reaction was a cloud. On many counts that was rejected (no adjacent clouds, its visibility remained constant, no change of form or position, etc. I shall write later in these notes second reaction when I recall that). That was soon rejected in my mind as being too rapid descent of any cloud, and I think the calendar for that date shows moon at another phase than just past new moon.

As I observed from the parked location it descended further and went behind a small haze or horizon cloud. It was too faint in the denser portion of the atmosphere, and twilight, so that I gave up observations at 1705. The sun had set somewhere between 1655 and 1705.

I was alone. After parking I made comparative observations, with and without the car window interfering - and with and without my binoculars! Visible under all conditions.

I would appreciate any comment you have to make. Whenever anyone claimed to have seen things in the sky, I have at least a mildly questioning attitude. However, a professor I know (and considerable technical and engineering training, and continuing interest in astronomy in college long ago) and I have had credible military training (include not advanced field command in USMA youth in the 1930s. I am now a Regular Army Infantry Officer.

Cordially yours,
[signature redacted]

P.S. Have been Amateur Radio since December 1922.