The image contains text but no photographs. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

One can only speculate as to why, after three weeks, ATIC experts were unable to come up with this second explanation to explain what was reported filed with the Project Blue Book aerial phenomenon. It was because they realized too many people had observed this sighting from different locations in Ohio and Pennsylvania. There is the possibility the "sads" as through broken clouds" explanation simply did not jell, and in truth, something unusual was observed.  All witnesses have agreed that three separate lights were seen.  Does this mean that there were three jets of jets and no some powerful lights? In a press release, Major Lawrence R. Parker, executive officer of the Air Force Project Blue Book, declared that the persons who filed this report were "quite reliable and their report carries weight."  In one paragraph the report states that Air Force RC-97 tankers revealed an Air Force team in Langley Field. Va. limited to lights of one color. Yet at no time were the lights seen described as being either red or green, both required colors for military aircraft.  When Air Force Long Island Dutton Field press agent in charge on March 24 Captain Killian said, "I don't care what the Air Force says, the objects I saw could travel at 2,600 miles an hour and were definitely not conventional aircraft."  But I knew what a KC-97 tanker looks like, and I know what it can do, and further, I know what they look like in operations at night.  And that's not what I saw.  Killian claimed this was the Air Force's third explanation of his sighting, "all contradictory and more fantastic "And furthermore, the objects were at least triple the size of any tanker or bomber we have.  And they followed the same course year after year."  That puts their speed at roughly 2,600 miles an hour.  The pilot said.
Admittedly, Killian had considered the possibility of the lights being those of jets, but "due to their size and brilliant lights on two sides" the varying color, the verning maneuvers," he varied that theory. Both Killian and the pilot of United Flight 523 had checked with other pilots in the area and their measures just seemed different.  The Air Force were admit different obstacles to investigation.  The fact that the pilots checked with Airways Traffic Control certainly lends credence to
ATC functions under the jurisdiction of the Federal Aviation Agency, their responsibilities being to regulate and police air traffic.  There again is a difference of opinion as to whether the lights observed fitted any known aircraft.  The purpose of this inquiry was to ascertain if the flight plans filed that might with ATCP-18 flight plans.