There is no photograph present on this page.

Below is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```
AF FORM 112-PART II
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT 
(FORM APMPROVED
OMB NO 1584-0003
EXPIRES 30 AUPRUST 2014) FROM (AGENCY) REPORT NO. PAGE OF PAGES

At approximately 2015 PDT, 1Sept.59 (0315Z, 2 Sept.'59) Lt. Roy C. Glll, Hq Sq Sacramento Air Material Area (MOARS) and I were approximately over the Monterey Peninsula at 30,000 feet. The Peninsula was obscured by a low ground fog, but Salinas and the Coast north of the Peninsula wazzyslNible. We were on a north heading when we spotted a light to the east during normal scanning for other aircraft. At first it was difficult to ascertain whether or not the light was moving and I believed it ^ initially to be a bright star that had just appeared over the horizon as I have seen on clear nights that over the Pacific Ocean.
In about 30 see ends it was clearly evident that the light was moving directly toward us. We then watched it constantly for running lights and in the event evasive action were necessary. Nothing but the one white ^light could be observed as it approached and it was about the intensity of a landing light. It is my estimate that when we saw the light initially, it was either east of the Sierras or over those mountains, but no ground reference was available to pinpoint it.
As the light drew closer it became evident that It would pass directly behind us and above. We then started a turn to the east to keep the light under surveillance and, consequently, to our right. As we past background and easterly heading the light was due south of us and above at an estimated altitude of 40-50,000 feet. It was evident that it was moving at a high rate of speed. At the point where It was due south of our position I was aware of very faint, bluish-green squares directly behind the white light. These were very, very faint and visible for only an instant and there were three or more in number. I asked Lt. Glll if he saw them but he did not, however, he was flying the plane whereas I was devoting my full attention to the light. I'm sure of what I saw though it was faint, because up to this point I thought It was another aircraft and was not expecting anything unusual. My observations to this point were purely objective.
As the light passed we continued our turn to the right in an effort to obtain a stern position and thus sillouhette the object against the western sky which still had a faint glow from the setting sun. As we completed our turn It was apparent that the object had a much higher rate of speed than we did and was pulling away from us rapidly. It was still south of our position and moving in a westerly direction out over the ocean. As it got out over the Pacific the light disappeared and we could see nothing. In about 10 seconds the light reappeared Just as brightly as before and was visible for a few seconds then went out and we did not see it again. We remained in the area for about 5 minutes hoping we would see it again, but it was in vain.
It is estimated that we had that object under observation from 7 to 5 minutes from the time we first saw it in the eastern sky until it disappeared over the Pacific. It appeared to fly a level east to west course and it were climbing it was going so very gradually. It made no turns or other maneuvers as far as we could tell. We remained at 30,000 feet throughout the observation and while astern of the object our true air speed was approximately 340 knots. At no time were we aware of any disturbances In our ^radio^or  normal(tupleibning of our aircraft. We both immediately agreed that we had never seen a ~ ' similar appearance transpiral In our respective flying careers thus the decision to report it. At no time were we able to see any object outline except for the inStant when the bluish-green squares trailing the white light were visible. The difference in speed made a tail chase completely futile.
 
```