The image provided appears to be a page from an old project blue book document. There is no photograph present in this particular page. I will now proceed to produce all the text found in the document:

Sodium Cloud Shot Lights
Dust's Sky
Space Agency Rocket
Ejects Vapors Seen
Hundreds Of Miles
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13 - (UP) -
A rocket-fired sodium cloud visible for hundreds of miles was spotted into the sky today from a rocket fired yesterday at the White Sands, N.M., proving ground of the air force and NACA, the National Advisory committee for Aeronautics.
Residents of Richmond, Va., more than 1900 miles away, reported seeing the cloud, which was not nearly as bright or large as the one sighted off for a similar experiment in August.
The US. Weather bureau at Richmond said that scores and dozens of telephone calls were received from excited persons who had seen the cloud and made one inquiry about it.
Lou Caekman, a newsman for station WRNL, who watched the shot, said the cloud appeared "perhaps a little smaller than a first quarter moon." It faded into the darkness within about 15 minutes, he said.
The experiment was designed to obtain information about the action of the upper atmosphere at high altitudes to the action of the gasses and vapors planned for this week's series of international rocket flights.
Within minutes after its firing at 5:57 a.m. the rocket shot the sodium cloud high into the sky, spreading it over a wide area.
The cloud is spotted at several points in Connecticut, Tennessee, Georgia and South Carolina. Observers in some states said it appeared to have a little tail on it.
A similar shot was fired in New Mexico last Sept. 13. That was seen in Pennsylvania as far away as Massachusetts. 
The NACA conducted its first sodium cloud experiment Aug. 19. The sodium vapor was seen over a wide area.
NACA said the experiment was designed to obtain information on upper wind currents and atmospheric composition at high altitudes to aid in the design and to tear the rate of propellant vapors at high altitudes.
The cloud was ejected into the upper atmosphere by a Nike-ASP launching rocket equipped with a timing device. The rocket propelled the sodium vapor out to an altitude of 50 miles, continuing until it reached its mark of 130 miles.