The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

March 18, 1959
Bureau of Unidentified Objects
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:
We would like to report a strange flying object in this area which took place on March 16, 1959 at 8:30 p.m. We witnessed this and we looked out of our delivery van which is in the vicinity of the Little Creek Amphibious Base, Norfolk, Va.
I was accompanied by Mrs. I am an employee and has 12 year old son. It was the son who first brought it to attention by yelling: "Look, look, there, what is that?" We all looked up and saw a large ball-like yellowish orange object hovering in the sky to the north. East. It appeared to be quite larger in proportion to any object we had ever seen in the sky before. It gave forth an explosive glare or light which illuminated the entire surrounding area of the housing project in which I live.
When this light flashed, it was in between the interval of 5, with shorter intervals in between. When the object was obliterated in complete darkness.
We then pulled out of the driveway and drove up two blocks to Little Creek Rd. When all of the drawn of us saw it again. This time it was giving a steady, brilliant glow of light. It was then lost from sight as though it had landed.
By this time we were all highly excited and instead of going to our appointed destination, we drove towards the Amphibious Base and decided to follow it. We drove a mile and a half in an easterly direction and it appeared again in the same N.E. direction, only this time it was farther away, higher in the sky and flashing again.
In this position it flashed twice. The last flash remained longer than any of the preceding flashes. During the last flash we were able to discern a disc but definite outline of the object could not be seen before.
For this report we would like to add that this statement is completely true and this is an accurate description of what we saw in the sky.