There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text found in the document is as follows:

"1. The conduct of the program in the field (investigations) will still require responsibility of the Air Force Reports Section. This is because it will be found more convenient to have an agency responsible for these investigations.

2. The advantages of said transfer are:

a. SAFOI is familiar with the Aerial Phenomena Program.

b. SAFOI will be able to evaluate immediately at the office responsible for public relations.

c. SAFOI is in a better position to coordinate with ATIC information which, from an intelligence and/or scientific viewpoint, will be forwarded by specialists and/or other agencies. Under this arrangement, the 'high' security classifications which are required to handle would be cut to a minimum, allowing for more efficient and speedy analysis and review.

4. The program will lose some of the aura of mystery which surrounds it, but the ATIC will be free to apply man-hours, previously applied to the ATIC/SAFOI contact, to the Air Force.

a. ATIC prestige will lose the damaging effects which can be attributed to the association with a program so much in the public eye.

b. There are certain disadvantages associated with this change, the magnitude of which will decrease as the agencies concerned become familiar with the new trend of operations.

c. The requirement for the office handling this program to establish criteria, procedures, and to provide classified intelligence service will be the responsibility of one individual not directly concerned with intelligence value.

d. It will be the responsibility of one individual to determine which reports are of scientific intelligence value.

e. Possibility of delay of reports with intelligence value getting into proper channels and the resulting delay of evaluation and dissemination of intelligence information.

f. Necessity for installing sub-units of the Air Force with a new method of operating the Aerial Phenomena Program."