There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old document or newspaper titled "Science News Letter" dated May 23, 1959.

Text in the document:

ENROLLMENT
ENGINEERING Enrollment Drops First Time in Years

THE INCREASE in students enrolling for engineeri courses in the past few years has not been con tinuing, according to a report from the United States Offi ces of Education. For the third straight year, enr ment in engineering schools of the United States has decreased, one in five engineering schools having a smaller enrollment next fall.

Furthermore, one in five engineering schools are expecting a further drop in enrollment next fall, this being the third year in succession that there has been a decline.

In the report it was explained that reasons for this decline were given as being: a lessening of interest in engineering as a profession by students and parents, based on reports of the general economic condition, fear of unemployment on graduation.

Increased concern about the rights of women en gineering graduates, especially during the job appl cation period, was also mentioned as one of the fa tors credited with the decline in engineering en rollment. The report states that "this recent decline may well be the start of a longer range trend" in this field.

NEW DEADLY DISEASES
Made From Tiny Molds

THE TINY mold that causes mushroom-like growth in old bread and jams has now been identified as the source of a new deadly disease, according to Dr. Schaefer.

He said that these tiny molds can produce a new disease called "lymphomatosis" which can be passed from animals to man. 

Three different types of these molds were placed in experiments with animals and found to cause ailments similar to the so-called "Hodgkin's disease" in humans. The ailments could not be cured by the usual treatments.

Dr. Schaefer warned that these tiny molds, though microscopic, can be deadly and that further research was needed to determine the exact conditions under which these diseases can be transmitted from animals to man.

Oppenheimer Urges End Of Arms as Weapons

THE ABILITY of modern science to produce instruments of warfare, weapons of mass destruction, and other new technology which threatens humanity should be a major concern, said Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer, director of the Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton, N.J. He urged that continued research and development in these fields be carefully restudied.

"Arms must not continue to be the last resort of the diplomacy of nations," he said. Too much of our scientific work and the efforts of our young scientists are being directed to the needs of war, he warned. There will be enormous problems ahead if the direction of much of our scientific work is not changed.

The past lesson of history has been that technological progress has too often outstripped man's social and political institutions and corrupted his power over nature. Science must be re-directed toward more constructive ends, Dr. Oppenheimer declared.

ASTRONOMY
Relenschwerdt Comet May Give Fall Meteor Display

ACCORDING to Richard G. Hodgson, the light of the comet Relenschwerdt which has now become visible in the western sky after sunset may stimulate an unusual fall meteor display.

"Although it is now much brighter than usual, the comet's nucleus has grown progressively dimmer since its closest approach to the sun on May 20," Hodgson said. "As the comet recedes from the sun, it appears to be throwing off more dust and debris which may produce a spectacular meteor display this coming fall."

The comet will be visible all during the summer and until about November, Hodgson predicted. He said the size and intensity of the comet's tail will determine how spectacular the meteor shower will be.