There is no photograph present in the provided page.

Below is the OCR of the text in the document:

-----
Ltr to Hon Samuel S. Stratton (Cont)

In view of the fact that the radar return on the Klamath Falls scope was vaguely identified as not being an aircraft-mowing UFO, an UFO report was submitted by the Klamath Falls station of the 25th Air Division at McChord Air Force Base. Therefore, after notification by the FAA of the UFO (no mention was made at that time of a radar sighting), the report submitted by the 1902nd Airways and Air Communications Squadron at Hamilton Air Force Base, California, in accordance with paragraph 16 (c) 1 of Air Force Regulation 200-2, stated the manner of observation was "ground visual," later reading stated showed "there was insufficient data to allow a valid investigation or evaluation."

Copies of the information contained in the FAA logs have been forwarded to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center for possible additional considerations. An Air Force will commence with the Klamath Falls GCI and the 25th Air Division at McChord Air Force Base to again verify the above-mentioned facts and, should any additional evidence warrant a change in the evaluation category for this particular sighting, press release will be made. Based upon all the present data on this sighting, the finding of "insufficient data" is definitely valid.

The Air Force investigates all UFO sightings in meticulous detail and all the data available were used in the final evaluation. The investigation of the UFO phenomena is being conducted by responsible persons, including civilian scientists and consultants, and a complete, objective, thorough and honest process is being conducted. Charges that the Air Force is withholding UFO information from the general public are unfounded and have no basis in fact.

We appreciate your interest in this matter and trust that the information furnished will be of assistance to you.

Sincerely yours,

Signed

GORDON B. KNIGHT Colonel, USAF Chief, Congressional Inquiry Division Office of Legislative Liaison

MR:
Red LAL D 25 Apr. Fwd SAPOT. Fis ltr prep & fwd based on MES frp SAPOT, Maj Thacker, 27 Apr w/cy Fwd ltr fm LAL to Cgr Milliken.
RS, Ltr fm Ggr w/incl.

Ltr to Cgr for const. Honorable Samuel S. Stratton House of Representatives

2