The image contains a description of a device, but does not include any photographs. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

a.  dilos Huntlite lantern battery container with switch.
b. Steel pipe (threaded both ends) 2¼ inches long, 1 3/8 inches 
diameter. 
c. Eight Ray-O-Vac flashlight batteries (four in the battery container) . Batteries outside of the container were covered with electrical tape.
d. Two mercury switches.
e. Tiny atom, 250 horsepower electric motor (Wilson's of Cleveland).
f. Transformer (General Telephone and Radio Corporation, Houston, Texas).
g. Flashlight bulb and socket with red plastic cover.
h. Flexible antenna (approximately 54 inches long).
i. The batteries, mercury switches, electric motor, and bulb were all wired together. The antenna and transformer were not a part of the circuit. This circuitry appeared to be a haphazard construction that did not seem to have any specific purpose. The only thing that held it together was the construction of the device.
7. Wilson's of Cleveland, manufacturers of the tiny atom electric motor, was contacted by telephone. They stated that they do not have a contract to supply the U. S. Government with these motors or connectorsTor them. The president of the company informed that one of their small motors had been involved in some "shady" dealing or transactions. 
8. In view of the relatively great weight, absence of any transmitter or receiving equiptment, and the incapability and overall lack of an obvious productive function, this object is ruled out as a Rawinnsonde or any device used by the government for upper air research. 
9. All evidence indicates that this object was not airborne or flying saucer. An observation was made that should an atomic vehicle be able to operate without the usual associated equipment, this object would not qualify, as it has been noted that the tow weight and lack of "gadgets" are the chief requirements for such a vehicle. 
10. It is also certain that this object and the explanation were all in a downward trend. At the time of the report, the authorities were making every effort to help to attract attention, however the intensity of the interest was rapidly diminishing as it was the beginning of the school year. This was probably the prank of college students.