There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a document or report.

THE INEVITABLE SILENCING
known to this writer, Captain Killian is no longer discussing his sighting of the three unidentified flying objects over the Western Pennsylvania area. So compelled by Air Force instructions, through Air Force insistence, was forced to silence Killian, their attitude being that good relations with the public must be maintained. Consequently, the was requested not to talk.
communication subordinates at the Pentagon in Washington, D.C., have contributed their share to the 'inevitable silencing' by consistently maintaining that pro facts in a manner that could breed more investigation to the subject.
When Killian, in a private telephone conversation, was asked to comment on this, he said, "Let's put it this way: My company won't want me to talk about it any more." And later he added, "I feel very deeply concerned with this loss of my own personal freedom."
To illustrate the subject reached confidential proportions, the following is presented:
July 5, 1947
Air Corps Spokesman at the Pentagon: "No investigation is needed. The saucers are real."
July 10, 1947
Air Corps Public Relations Officer at the Pentagon: "We can't ignore this. Too many reliable pilots are telling the same story -- hut -- until objective proof is available, we have no comment."
July 24, 1947
The Air Corps spokesman seemed to summing in the direction that the sightings may be one of three things - solar reflections - small meteors or icing conditions." 
July 7, 1947
The Washington statement to all press services and news agencies, emphasizing only two things: solar reflections - small meteors or icing conditions.
September 23, 1947
Official analysis report from ATIC to General Hoyt Vandenberg, Commanding General.
July 30, 1949
General George C. Kenney, then Chief of the Strategic Air Command, after the so-called "space ships" sighting by the pilots and a passenger of an Eastern Air Lines plane: "I wish we did."
August 6, 1949
To date withholdings of the situation by ATIC later declassified but never released, stating that the flying saucers were interplanetary space ships.
January 9, 1959
"Captain Mantell, Jr., World War II ace, "Captain Mantell was killed while in pursuit of a flying saucer."