The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED (SECURITY INFORMATION WHEN FILLED IN)

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
REPORT NO. UFO-01-39

a. Description of the Object:
(1) Shape: Bright light, shape could not be determined.
(2) Size: Observer could not estimate.
(3) Color: White.
(4) Number: One.
(5) Behavior: Lit up like a structure around each end. Apparently no sound was observed.
(6) None.
(7) None.

b. Description of course of object:
(1) Bright light.
(2) 1000 feet above the ground to the north-east.
(3) 2000 feet above the ground to the east about 500 yards, parallel to observer.
(4) Straight on a northwest course.
(5) Was estimated at a speed of forty-five miles an hour when it had suddenly disappeared to add-subtract distance. When it changed to a cigar shape, and disappeared at approximately twice its original distance.

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Ground visual.
(2) No special aids.
(3) N/A

d. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) 0942Z 5 October 1959

e. Location of Observer: One and One-half miles east of Garreston, S.D.

f. Identifying Information on Observer:
(1) Musician, Music Instructor, Music Store Operator in town of  , Observer had military experience in World War II, Observer says he was wanted for passing bad checks in counties surrounding former residences, but music was found in order to require no admission that he was identity recorded as same. Individual has just learned to fly and wanted to become a private pilot. He now indicates he once held a reserve commission and feels that he is believed to have fabricated this entire matter to bring attention on himself and his future air activities.

g. Weather and Winds aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sighting:
Clear, calm. This is a U.S. Air Force, Project Blue Book, Unidentified Flying Object Report. No other details given.

AF 1 OCT 55 112a

UNCLASSIFIED (SECURITY INFORMATION WHEN FILLED IN)