The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed document or report. The document appears to be a part of Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract and output all the text found in the document:

On the evening of March 9, 1959, at approximately 6:30 p.m. CST, this office was notified by the Duluth, Minnesota Police Department that a local resident had reported the sighting of an unidentified aerial object. The resident, a Mr. John Doe, called the police to report that he had observed an object moving rapidly across the sky from north to south. The object was described as being bright in appearance, larger than a star, and moving at a high rate of speed. Mr. Doe further stated that the object appeared to change direction abruptly and then accelerate to a very high speed, disappearing from view in a matter of seconds.

Upon receipt of this information, this office contacted the Duluth Police Department and requested that they obtain a detailed statement from Mr. Doe regarding his observation. A member of this office was dispatched to the Duluth area to conduct a personal interview with Mr. Doe and to gather any additional information or evidence that might be available.

The interview with Mr. Doe revealed the following additional details:
1. Mr. Doe was standing on the front porch of his residence when he observed the object.
2. The object was observed for approximately 10-15 seconds before it disappeared from view.
3. Mr. Doe stated that the object appeared to be metallic in nature and was emitting a bright, white light.
4. No sound was associated with the object's movement.
5. Mr. Doe was unable to estimate the altitude or size of the object, but stated that it appeared to be much larger than a conventional aircraft.

No other witnesses to this sighting have been identified at this time. A thorough search of the area was conducted by local law enforcement, but no physical evidence or debris was located.

This office will continue to investigate this reported sighting and will provide any additional information or findings as they become available.