There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

Dear ----

This is to acknowledge the receipt of your recent letters addressed to various governmental agencies concerning unidentified flying objects and/or aircraft accidents.

The letter dated 9 June 1960 addressed to Captain Wallace W. Milwood at Wright-Patterson AFB, you asked him to confirm a statement he made in a letter dated 10 July 1957 to Major Wayne Ann concerning Air Force pilots firing at UFOs. Captain Milwood's statement is as follows:

"This new gunnery mission of pilots firing at UFOs. The Air Force officially denies any intention to fire at or attack such objects. The directive was strictly a "conventional objects" firing". Since World War II and the Korean War, the normal Air Force missions have been restricted to conventional objects."

In letters dated 13 June 1960 addressed to Captain Joseph L. Williams at McChord AFB, and 6 August 1960 addressed to Lt. Colonel Cormier L. Martin at Moisant Air Force Base, you asked if any Air Force pilots had fired at UFOs. The Air Force findings in these cases indicate a confusion with the fact that the Air Force does conduct firing exercises at conventional aircraft as part of their training and proficiency programs, but there is no evidence of firings involving a C-47 type aircraft. The Air Force findings in these cases do not constitute accident reports nor the cause factors are classified. However, the overall contents of the reports are for internal Air Force use and may not be consistent with previous reports, rumors and speculation that the Air Force was involved in UFO incidents.

In a letter dated 10 August 1960 addressed to Mr. Allen Dulles of the Central Intelligence Agency, you requested information on unidentified flying objects. Mr. Dulles has referred your inquiry to the Department of the Air Force for reply, as this subject which plainly appears under the cognition of the Department of Defense and the Air Force.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Oklahboma City 6, Oklahoma