The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a typed document titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT". I will now proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and transcribe all the text found in the document.

AF FORM 112--PART II
HEADQUARTERS I USAF
SUBJECT: 'Sighting of Unidentified Aerial Object 
Duluth, Minnesota, 19 March 1959 
REFERENCE: D7-0033-1-59

CLASSIFICATION: nONFIDANTIAL

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

1. GENERAL: A pilot of the Lake Superior Air Defense Sector, 4707th Air Defense Wing, Duluth, Minnesota, sighted an unidentified aerial object on 19 March 1959 at approximately 1800 hours (6:00 PM). The pilot was conducting a routine training flight in a F-102A jet interceptor aircraft and was flying at an altitude of approximately 11,000 feet when the sighting occurred. 

2. DETAILS: The pilot, a First Lieutenant, stated that he first observed the object at a range of approximately 10 miles. At this range the object appeared to be approximately 1/4 the size of the full moon. The object was oval in shape and had a distinct color which the pilot described as "white-silver". No exhaust or propulsion system was visible. The object appeared to be motionless, although the pilot could not determine if it was hovering or not. After observing the object for approximately 30 seconds, the pilot attempted to close in on it. As he did so, the object appeared to accelerate and rapidly pull away, disappearing from sight in a north-easterly direction. The pilot estimated the speed of the object to be several times faster than his own aircraft which was traveling at approximately 500 knots. The pilot stated that he had a clear, unobstructed view of the object throughout the sighting and that the object gave off no reflections or light. The object did not appear to leave any trail or vapor in its wake.

3. CONCLUSION: According to the pilot, this was the first time he had ever observed an unidentified aerial object. He stated that in his opinion there was an "airborne object there" which did not conform to any known aircraft. The Technical Information Sheet is attached.