The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that describes multiple UFO sightings in the New Guinea area. The text in the document is as follows:

MORE SIGHTINGS IN NEW GUINEA AREA
Several sightings of unidentified flying objects have been reported in the Mt. Hagen area, including sightings by Peter S. Norris and others.
Observations of Unidentified Flying Objects
On September 16, 1959 between 5:15 and 5:30 p.m. Mirish ARAGAP, Reggie Mirarin, Anthony ARAGAP, and Timothy ARAGAPA Witness observation from near Mt. Giluwe, dist. Weetebula, Engl. N.E.I. (Papua) M.B.D. of Mt. Giluwe Range, country is about 5 miles in length over which the object moved. The object was first sighted when it appeared over the mountain at an elevation of about 40 degrees, suddenly diving down rapidly and closely approaching the mountain, but when it reached the vicinity of Mt. Giluwe it suddenly stopped and remained stationary for a long time (about 1 hour), the observers had no time to time it accurately. The object appeared to the naked eye to be brilliantly illuminated and seemed almost to touch the top of the mountain. It then hovered stationary for a long time (an hour), the observers had no time to time it accurately. The object appeared to the naked eye to be brilliantly illuminated and seemed almost to touch the top of the mountain. It then hovered stationary for a long time (about 1 hour) the observer had no time to time it accurately. When it finally moved away, it accelerated rapidly and disappeared in the direction of the coastline, travelling over the mountain. 
The appearance of the light was round a disc or a sphere. It was dazzlingly brilliant, the colour changing continuously, the hues being green, red and yellow at various times of the period of observation. The colours changed about every three minutes. (This seems quite uncommon, but the reference that it was about equal to the size of the moon, but was brilliant, leads one to suspect it was actually much smaller and closer. As it was an observation through the low atmosphere, local atmospheric and optical effects would tend to enhance the apparent size and brilliance.)
Other witnesses: Anastasia MIRAH's son, Wm John Mirah, Station Assistant, and others unnamed.