There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AIR FORCE FIGHT ON "KILLIAN 'SAUCER'

A DID KILLIAN REALLY SEE A UFO? IT'S STILL HARD TO TELL

Virtually nothing has been said publicly by the Air Force on the alleged sighting of an unidentified flying object by Capt. Edward J. Killian, USAF, of the 780th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron near Bradford, Pennsylvania, on 9 February 1959, said to have lasted for nearly 45 minutes.

The various reports indicate that Killian sighted the object at about 10:50 p.m. EST while on a routine radar operation. He said he watched the object through binoculars and that it appeared to be brightly lit from the inside. It was traveling at a very high speed, apparently faster than any known aircraft. The object apparently disappeared at about 11:35 p.m. EST.

All the UFO people have happened to the UFO bandwagon, which is strange that some so say there is evidence that civilians and military observers rarely see the same aerial phenomenon. The only evidences are the stars in the belt of Orion and the aerial photograph during the Tremonton, Utah, sighting in 1952. Visually, we see the stars and no one would contest that, but the interpretation of the Tremonton film remains a moot point.

So we have to limit ourselves to the following facts: 1.) What Killian saw, if anything, and 2.) Whether it was an aircraft or an unidentified flying object. Capt. Killian told the Air Force investigators that the varying intensity of the light bothered them and they could not explain it.

Capt. Killian also said that he was sent too late to verify if the jet which was said to have been in the area at the time was still there. Also the copilot said that he could not see the object and the only other witness, the radar man, said that the scope was fluctuating so much that he could not pin it down. These are about all the facts we have concerning this alleged sighting.

The geographical area concerned we are told, is the northern part of the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, district, close to the New York border, which is a region known to be criss-crossed by commercial air traffic and military flight operations. It is possible, therefore, that what Killian saw was an aircraft, though qualifying the statement that "it was faster than any known aircraft" would be unsafe upon the evidence available. The American Airlines pilot said sometimes the interval of three lights was considerable, 10 to 15 minutes, so this could account for Killian's sighting as a possible confusion by the Air Force with the qualifying statement that the report "would be passed upon a complete investigation."