The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

"Such Goin's On Scare Me"
100-Foot Balloon Shot To 250-Mile Altitude
From Wire Dispatches
WALLOPS ISLAND, Va. Oct. 28 - Space scientists shot a 100-foot balloon to an altitude of 250 miles over the Atlantic Ocean about dawn today. The big inflatable sphere, which was created by the National Aeronautical and Space Administration, was launched from South Carolina to Maine.
The launching was a test of the inflatible satellites experimentation, as reflectors of radio and radar beams in space. 
The national aeronautical and space administration (NASA) said the experiment achieved its aim of testing the functioning and inflation machinery.
The two-stage balloon, filled with a solid propellant rocket, was launched to an altitude of about 250 miles. The sphere, as painted, poured out a bright vapor trail in the pre-dawn sky, which was visible from radio and police headquarters for miles.
"The craziest thing in the world," said Dr. Robert Jastrow, the launching director at the satellite center in New Haven, Conn., who tracked the object with his telescope. "It was."
An elderly unidentified lady bureau said "such goin's on scare me, it surely does." At takeoff, the inflatable balloon was carried by a 35-ton rocket container only 8 inches in diameter. After its inflation, it measured some 100 feet. So large it would barely fit in some buildings. It weighed only about 300 pounds.
The first stage consisting of a rocket case with small solid-prorpellant booster, weighing about 10 pounds, was used to carry the balloon from its launching pad to an altitude of about 20 miles. The second stage was an Atlas ballistic missile without warhead, which later will serve as a third stage for the Delta satellite launcher. This powered the vehicle.
The sphere was made of military laminated acrylic plastic and its thickness was about thousands of an inch thick.
It was visible for about 10 minutes. NASA said it was unable to determine at once how the inflation was completed when it was separated from the rocket about 250 miles over the Atlantic. Its peak altitude was 232 statute miles.
The inflation was completed when the sphere was already deep in the upper atmosphere, begun by residual air inside it. After inflation was completed when from two plastic bags, vapored, fully inflating the 100-foot sphere.

Good Morning
Start The Day With Chuckle
CANANDAIGUA, N.Y. Oct. 28 - UP - The Dorchester county judge ordered a bounty on any remaining stars in the county. The reason? He said the stars are mocking charges against the former treasurer. He remarked that "such goin's on scare me. It surely does."