The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the image, the output is as follows:

STUDY BY PROJECT BLUE BOOK

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
PROJECT 10073 (BLUE BOOK)

I. PROBLEM:
To analyze the current unidentified flying object program as compared to the mission and capabilities of the US Air Force, to determine its proper orientation.

II. FACTORS BEARING ON THE PROBLEM:

A. In 1947 the Air Force established a project whose purpose was to collect, collate, evaluate, and distribute to interested government agencies and organizations information concerning observations or objects designated as "Unidentified Flying Objects". This action was taken as of 23 June 1947, after 14 years of investigating and analyzing every significant report of UFO's (then designated as "flying discs"), better known since 1950, for many objects were reported from more than one source, as "unidentified flying objects" (UFOS).

B. The UfO program, far from its original intent or determining the nature of these objects, has apparently acquired a primary objective of providing the public information. This duplication of public information has in some instances resulted in the release of incomplete information, and in a few cases scientific findings have not been made available to the public.

C. The UFO program, while maintaining the original objective of attempting to identify and analyze technical and scientific aspects of the reported phenomena, has since 1949 occupied organization space and used personnel and supplies out of proportion to the importance of the original objectives. It has been noted that when members of these organizations have actually competed with the Air Force mission, they have not contributed data to the Air Force for evaluation but have relied on their own analysis and conclusions.

D. The UFO project requires manpower and resources which ATIC might use to better advantage on other programs. ATlC presently has a staff of three people who work full time on the UFO project, and several others who devote a portion of their time to it. In addition, the project has required the expenditure of scientific effort and funds which could be more profitably used to meet the problems of this program on a day to day basis (R-D). Since this project had contracted the services of scientific consultant, these demands have materially expanded.