The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

Transcribed text:

No Case (Information Only)    29 September 1959
Buffalo, Texas

STRANGE ASPECTS OF 
TEXAS BRANIFF CRASH
(On the front page of the November 1959 
issue of the Bulletin, comment pertaining 
to the crash of a Braniff Airways turbo-
prop plane, September 29, 1959.)

According to David Weiger, APRO member in 
Houston, Clipping clipping gives additional details pertaining to the crash, the pilot of which 
is identified as Vernon L. Kniptash. The president is charge of operations for 
Braniff, included the following uniform: 

The press reported that members of the crash 
crew of airline technicians investigating 
the crash scene, said an engine explosion 
caused the crash. They said that glass window parts in a recon-
struction showed that the blast which disintegrated the plane did not come from within the 
plane. A veteran retired engineer, Jackie 
Webb, testified: "I was going home to 
Buffalo when I noticed a low lying cloud
in the sky and heard a sound similar to a plane that sounded louder than normal.
I thought it was lightning at first, but it 
didn't disappear. A few seconds later I 
saw a brighter flash in the sky and then 
I heard a noise like something was falling
through the sky. Then I heard a noise like
thunder. The hail was falling from the sky, 
and it covered the ground for a while."

Mrs. Gose said that while he was driving 
about a half a mile he noticed another flash 
which appeared to come from the sky.
"It appeared to cover the entire sky," he said.
"About that time I heard a noise like thunder."

Willie Gose of Centerville testified that 
he was "outside a small shed" when he
observed a small glow spread to cover the sky. 
That he saw a "falling object" pass from 
the sky toward the ground. After the 
object fell, he heard a thunder-like noise.

It appears that something else was in
the sky that night near Buffalo - some-
thing in a cloud that may have led to 
the airplane's crash, as witnesses testified.

Perhaps this is only 29 military personnel were killed, and search and investigation
time weeks after the initial investigation
were completed.