The image does not contain a photograph. 

OCR Output:
UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
Air Attache, AUSTRALIA
1,403,022 | PAGE 14 or 15 PAGES
NOTE:
1. It is reported that the informant, ___, was dazzled by a bright white light
in the night of July 6th (about midnight).
No personal statement has been taken from him by me.
_____ lives on the beach below Dogura Plateau. It is said that he described the light as originating in the direction of Gunanaba Point and that
it lit up the coast line beyond Wedau.
The boat Kekaha (?) was at Wedau wharf on the evening of July 6th. If this information is correct, it would be worth checking on the movements and possible sighting of that boat than. Gunanaba Point is roughly 4 miles west of Wedau
wharf.
3. The following is an evaluation of the foregoing information by a local
interested source:
REPORT ON THE INVESTIGATION OF UFO ACTIVITY IN THE DOLANAI AREA - NEW GUINEA
4. On Tuesday, 29th December 1959 I visited the area at Dolanai, Victoria, and discussed alleged UFO activities in the
area of Dolanai, New Guinea.
5. The informant, Mr ___, is a young married man. He is obviously
well-educated and has had considerable experience as a missionary/teacher in
New Guinea. He related that until June 1959 he had not considered (UFO)
experiences on the local airstrip at Dolanai to be very important. However,
there were, in fact, UFO sightings and activities there which he claimed could not be explained by normal means. He added that he would be prepared to accept any logical explanation for the phenomena. He claimed that the report was made public by his superior in Dogura. Further, he
implied that the presses and files in Dogura government offices had distorted some of
the facts.
Previous Experience of UFO's: Mr ___ stated that UFO's have been
seen regularly in the Dogura/Dolanai area over a long period and that a number
of the local population, including government officials, professional men and
missionaries, were taking an active interest in them. The first occasion that
interested him directly as a result of a strange operation in the area was in
March/April 1959 when he and some of his friends saw unassailable evidences of
lights travelling at high speed and at high altitude. One of these lights
was said to interrupt its high-speed and high-altitude motion, and its manoeuvre was witnessed by several local inhabitants. These lights appeared to switch from one position to another with remarkable rapidity.
d. Sightings of June/July 1959: Prior to the first sightings by the
informant, there had been at least three reported sightings of a strange, bright,
solitary light in the sky on the evening of the 21st June. Subsequently, over
a period of approximately two weeks, there were observed a series of bright
lights in various sections of the sky in the vicinity of his mission station.
These lights were also seen by a number of his mission staff (refer to copy
attached).