The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document, possibly an excerpt from a Project Blue Book report.

To William J. Mayny
A friend of mine had a strange experience with me the night of the flying saucer or whatever crashed on highway 2i just south of West Branch. We was on highway 2i and 15 at 9:15 pm. There was about eight of us in the car. We seen the thing coming down the highway at a great rate of speed and when it got just this side of us it seemed to settle slowly and settle right on the highway. There was a great glow to it and small bright objects started coming out of it. They seemed to be larger than any you've ever seen flying around with no noise and up and down through the whole works. It looked as though it was 25 to 30 feet across or more. They glowed red. We stood there with our mouths open and watched the whole performance. I have never seen anything like it before. They glowed red. We thought of the possibility of it being a machine or some kind of an aircraft or something and the way the smaller objects came out of it and did things made us wonder. There were only three in itas near as we could tell. When it straightened out and started up the highway slowly we all jumped in the car and took off like a rocket. We was scared stiff. 
This must have been about a quarter of a mile from where it crashed and about the same distance from us. It seemed to light up the whole countryside. It settled right on the highway, then straightened out and started up the highway real slow.
There was some of the people in the car that seemed to have been affected in some way by it. They had a funny feeling and a strange sensation in their heads and it didn't seem to wear off for quite a while. Some of them thought they would never get over it. The others was just plain scared to death. I was more interested in it than scared although I don't know why.
This was Saturday night November 29, 1958. I thought I would give you the details of what we saw as I am sure it will be of interest to you.