The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document discussing the prominence of Venus and Jupiter in the evening skies.

Science News Letters for March 28, 1959
ASTRONOMY
Venus and Jupiter Prominent

An annular eclipse of the sun will occur early in April, and until then two planets will be prominent in the evening skies.

Venus, which has been seen in the western sky of the evening since last fall, will continue to dominate the evening sky through the present month. It is now brighter than anything else in the sky except the moon and will be seen longer after sunset than usual. About 60 days after passing superior conjunction, Venus appears brightest.

Above and some distance to the west of Venus, Jupiter has been prominent and will be seen for some time longer. This giant planet is the second-magnitude star in the evening sky.

By mid-March, Venus is close to the horizon about 60 minutes after sunset and Jupiter is far enough above the horizon for good viewing. As the month progresses, Venus will sink progressively lower, while Jupiter will remain prominent in the western evening sky.

The bright star Spica, in the constellation Virgo, is also visible, but lower in the southern sky, and over to the right is the famous asterism, the Big Dipper.

Directly west, and near the horizon, is the bright star Arcturus, orange in color, which was the southernmost bright star in the northern hemisphere until the precession of the equinoxes brought the southern star Canopus into northern skies. Canopus, the second-brightest star, is now visible in the extreme south.

High in the south the evenings is Leo, with its bright star Regulus marking the head and shoulder, making a smaller group which is a little to the left of the Sickle figure, or the head of the Lion.

One of these is Regulus, which is now in the southwest at about 10:00 p.m. It is a double star, according to the latest observations, and about 11:00 p.m. Mercury, is the other. Directly west of Regulus, and will be visible within it for a time, is the planet Saturn.

As April 7 brings an eclipse of the sun, the first of two such phenomena this year, the path of totality crosses the extreme southern tip of Mexico and British Honduras, in Central America. It will not be visible in any part of North or South America. It will, however, be seen over a large area in the southern Pacific, including Australia and New Zealand and much of the Indian Ocean and the southwest Pacific.

Solar Eclipse Due

A total eclipse of the sun, an annular eclipse, occurs when the moon comes in front of the sun, and blocks its light. But the moon's apparent diameter is smaller than the sun's, so a ring, or annulus, of sunlight remains visible around the moon. This annular eclipse will occur on April 7.

The path of the annular eclipse passes across the southern Pacific, crosses Mexico near the southern tip, and continues across Central America into the Caribbean. The total duration of the eclipse will be about 7 minutes. When furthest north, the path will be about 165 miles wide. In fact, this is the last annular eclipse visible from any part of the American continents until the year 2063.

The black dot at the center of the sun's disk, which is seen during a total eclipse, is not present during this annular eclipse. This is called the "annular" eclipse, from the Latin word for "ring," and it is a strange and spectacular sight.