There is no photograph present on this page of the UFO report document.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text found in the document:

```
in view of the fact that the radar return on the Klamath Falls 
scope was properly identified as not being the currently moving UFO, 
no UFO report was submitted by the Klamath Falls station of the 
25th Alr Division at McChord Air Force Base. Therefore, after 
notification by the FAA of this UFO (no notation was made at that 
time of a radar sighting), the report submitted by the 1906th AACS 
at Hamilton Air Force Base, California, to ATIC, in accordance with 
paragraph 15 (c ) 1 of AFR 200-2, stated the manner of observation was 
"ground visual." The resulting analysis showed there was insufficient 
data to allow a valid valuation or conclusion.

However, because of the information contained in the FAA log, 
your correspondence and the copies of the logs have been forwarded to 
ATIC for possible additional consideration. ATIC will contact the 
Klamath Falls CGI site and the 25th Air Division at McChord Air Force 
Base to again verify the above mentioned facts and, should any additional 
evidence warrant a change in the evaluation category for this particular 
sighting, ATIC will be informed immediately and a press release will be 
made simultaneously. Based upon all the present data on this sighting, 
the finding of "insufficient data" is definitely valid.

The Air Force investigates all UFO sightings in meticulous detail 
and all the data available is used in the final evaluation. The 
investigation of the UFO phenomena has been placed in responsible hands 
which include civilian scientists and consultants and an adequate, 
thorough and honest program is being conducted. Charges that the Air 
Force is withholding UFO information from the general public are un- 
founded and have no basis in fact.

For your information I am sending copies of this letter to Mr. 
Eugene Krrof, Assistant to the Regional Manager of FAA Region 1, and 
Mr. of 
                                      , of Salem, Oregon who has expressed a serious interest 
in this sighting.

                               Thank you again for your interest.
                                     Sincerely, 

                                        LAWRENCES. TACKER 
                                        Major, USAF 
                                        Public Information Division 
                                        Office of Information

Major
Director of NICAP
1935 Connecticut Avenue, N.W. 
Washington 6, D.C. 

cc: Mr.
 Mr. 

                        Comeback OI-3d
                        Reader ]]-I
```