The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page. The text on the page discusses the "Unanswered 'Whys'" regarding the Air Force's handling of UFO reports and investigations in the late 1940s and early 1950s.

UNANSWERED 'WHY'S'
1947, stating that Flying Saucers are space ships?
WHY has the Air Force concealed an official intelligence report, dated September 23, 1947, stating that Flying Saucers are space ships? This report was signed by the Chief of the Air Force and sent to the Director or of Air Force Intelligence to the Commanding General, Army Air Forces.
WHY has the Air Force kept from the public the FACTS concerning the sightings, which stated that flying saucers were interplanetary space ships? 
WHY, in the face of the ability, agility and acceleration of the saucers reported in December 1949, did the Air Force state that the sightings were hoaxes, mirages, hallucinations and mistakes by pilots and other observers?
WHEN the Air Force and trained observers who insisted that the "saucers" were unknown machines under "intelligent control" were suppressed and told not to discuss their findings regarding "saucers"? 
WHY, since January, 1953, that the UFO investigation be greatly enlarged and that the American people be given all information on saucers in Air Force possession, including the official conclusions?
WHY are Service pilots, radar men and other trained observers officially ignored?
Official orders are in force restricting the dissemination of intelligence information on UFO's to the public.
Official instructions to personnel of the Civil Aeronautics Administration state that all UFO's are to be ignored.
The Chief of Staff of the Air Defense Command has issued a standing order to chase UFO's.
WHY does the Air Force continue to spend the taxpayers' money on a global investigation that will not permit top-ranking scientists and consultants under secret contract to co-operate, and many top ranking scientists and consultants under secret contract to co-operate?