The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, with text describing a sighting of a UFO over Denmark by two Scandinavian Airline pilots on February 24th.

ADDITIONAL SIGHTINGS ADD WORLD WIDE CREDENCE TO REPORTS

On the evening of February 24th, two Scandinavian Airline pilots flying over Denmark, reported independently that they had seen a UFO. A sighting was made. While driving to work, in the early morning hours of February 25, 1950 a ground observer sighted the object. He described it as a dirigible. The object appeared solid and had a reddish brown color. It traveled along horizontally beside the pilots airplane at a distance of about three to five miles. It had a red light on the top front and a blinking orange light on the bottom. The man had been seeing this object for several mornings and he said that he had been studying it for some time. He observed the object change shape. It first appeared as a dirigible and then appeared to change into what he described as a rotating or whirling type of object. It appeared to be tearing apart in the middle and opening up to what he described as a concave or saucer-shaped object. This corresponded to the report of the pilots in New York and it was believed that they were observing the same object. It was by this time quite some distance away. When they lost sight of the object together, it was quite a long distance from their position.

The pilots also stated that as they approached Hobbs, New Mexico, they sighted an object and at the same time heard signals on their car radio. The object appeared to come very close to their plane and they stated that it appeared to have a metallic skin. The object moved away at a terrific rate of speed. An estimate of the object's size nor of the distance it was from them could be made. The Incident was reported by the Scandinavian Airlines and the control tower at Hobbs, Netf Mexico, corroborated the pilots' statements. Lindmister, the Swedish instructor who was a passenger, described the light as "a bright yellow light that was saucer-shaped. Then it changed into a round, bright light. It remained in view for about twenty minutes. Then it climbed away at a tremendous speed." (It was stated by Captain K. Killan.)

Radar operators, however, reported that they had no indication of the light on their screens. While the light was observed, it was not picked up on the radar. The Minister of Agriculture said it was "just what we have been expecting. These poor explanations have been the two things the Minister said it was.