The image does not contain any photographs. It consists of a typewritten document only. Here is the transcription of all the text found in the image:

---
FWD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
18 January 1965

Associate Director
IIIUFO
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma

Dear Sir,

This is in reply to your letter of 26 December 1964. We received the footage for duplication motion picture. It was forwarded to Chicago, Illinois for duplication by Kodak and returned to us.  The original film was sent to you, airmail, registered, special delivery on the 11th of January under Register Number 661380. We do hope that it arrived in time for your lecture on the 12th. The images on the duplication film depicts clouds, a contrail and the planet Venus. In an independent evaluation of the movie the object was determined to be the planet Venus. Doctor [Name redacted] also evaluated the movie and has determined the image to be the planet Venus. We appreciate your forwarding this film for our evaluation.

Regarding the fragments which you sent us on 9 November 1964. This fragment was forwarded and remained in the Post Office for approximately six weeks. There was an amount of postage due and we did not receive this object in our shop until the 23rd of December. We submitted the fragment to ASD for analysis and the Bowser-Morner Testing Laboratories, Incorporation conducted the spectrographic Semi-Quantitative Analysis. The object was given preliminary tests and determined to have no space residue. The report appears to be common to that portion of Oklahoma. A copy of the lab report is attached. Perhaps these events will clarify the statements in our letter of 11 December 1964 to you. No contact has been made with Doctor King or Doctor Hynek on this particular object. I would like to point out that meteor observations of this nature would be reported by many more observers and that should the object be a meteorite, the absence of sound would indicate that the impact point would be in excess of 300 miles from the point of observation.

The Fact Sheet is in the process of being printed. A courtesy copy will be forwarded to you upon completion. We are enclosing the statistics which will be included as attachments to the basic information.