There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing text describing a UFO sighting over Pennsylvania on February 24, 1959.

The text is as follows:

UFO SIGHTING OVER PENNSYLVANIA
Captain - 24 February 1959

Departing Newark 1910 arriving Detroit 2252.
I was approaching Detroit 2015 when I noticed three lights off my left wing in the vicinity of Bradford, Pennsylvania. I was flying 8,500 VPR on top of the scattered clouds. I was extremely difficult to ascertain the distance of the lights. The color of the lights seemed to change from dim to a bright brilliant. Sometimes the interval between the light changes was less than a second. Occasionally it lagged somewhat behind. Also changed altitude. During the 40 minutes of observation the lights made a complete swing from the original 9 o'clock position. Also, occasionally the lights extinguished completely only to reappear and during this whole operation, as I mentioned before, the lights changed in intensity. This motion was not caused by myself but was caused by four crew members and passengers on board and also by two other airplanes in the area.
The sighting could be confirmed by other pilots flying in the area who saw the lights and made radioing reports. Never having witnessed refueling operations at night, I am not aware of the lighting or the jets refueling operations at night.
My air speed during this complete flight was 250 knots indicated. I also do not know the air speed of tankers during operation if this could be so. My aircraft ARC to find out if they had any missiles or were given a clearance and no three airplanes were given.
It is extremely difficult for me to believe they were jets because of low speed and configuration. If they weren't jets I still don't know what they were. Due to the dark and strong lights I was not able to ascertain any size or shape. The altitude is unknown.
A check was made with the aircraft support systems project office, Wright-Patterson AFB, to determine the characteristics of a chant fueling operation. The tankers are generally in the assembly areas at 17,000 feet and above over an hour, depending upon the type of operation. Refueling would take place at approximately 17,000 feet and approximately 250 knots time.
During the investigation the Air Force determined that there were three B-47's in the area of Captain flight each during the hour of the sighting. All evidence indicates that Captain probably saw a B-47 refueling mission.