The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, likely an internal report or investigation summary.

to ATIC. However, Major Keyhoe, NICAP, obtained a copy of the FAA report in detail but this report did not come through normal channels. The investigation by ATIC revealed that the radar sighting was probably caused by a "fighter antenna" and the visual sighting was probably due to a refraction of the planet Venus which was in a position that coincided with the sighting by the witnesses.

c. On 12 April 1960, an object struck the ground at LaGamp, Louisiana causing a loud explosion, a flash of light and leaving several deep holes in the ground. This was observed by one witness. Samples were taken from the ruptured ground and forwarded to ATIC along with the report. Analysis of the samples by the committee and the report is being forwarded to ATIC by a contractor. A telephoned brief of the report indicated that the residue in the holes was "wet" and increased the mystery in this case. Stereoscopic photographs of the ruptured ground were included with the report. It is hoped that further analysis will provide some light on the cause for this case. No conclusion was reached or suggested by the panel.

d. The panel was unanimous in the opinion that a comprehensive study of the "UFO 1957 through 1959 cases" is necessary, covering the entire period January, 1953 to the present. The information to be charted on the IBM cards used for the past cases was discussed. Dr. Bowen is reviewing the information for discussion at the next panel meeting.

1. The panel unanimously reaffirmed a previous recommendation by Project Grudge that adequate investigators be made available to handle the general investigation problem. It is felt that the investigation problem requires individuals who are familiar with the special nature of the UFO problem. Investigators should have background in astrophysics, astronomical techniques, and general information concerning the UFO problem as well as experience in field investigative techniques.