The document contains a photograph at the top half of the page. Below is the OCR result of the text in the document:

```
UFO SIGHTING
REDMOND, OREGON SIGHTING
24 September 1959

On 24 September 1959, at 12002 (0400 local), Mr Robert Dickerson, a policeman of Redmond, Oregon, sighted an unidentified flying object. Unable to identify the object, Mr. Dickerson drove to the Redmond FAA facility and contacted Mr. Lavern Wertz, operator on duty. Mr Dickerson and Mr. Wertz described the object as an ex*tremely bright light very low on the horizon in the northeastern sky. Both witnesses stated that the object appeared to move erratically around a principal point and to move rapidly toward and away from them. Total observation time was approximately one hour at which time Mr. Wertz stated that the object appeared to zoom straight up at great speed.

After observing the object for several minutes with Mr. Wertz, Officer Dickerson attempted to get closer to the object by driving in an eastward direction. After five miles and no apparent change in the appearance of the object the officer gave up his attempt and Mr. Wertz reported the presence of the object to the FAA Seattle "Bigfoot". The Seattle PAA facility contacted the 827th ACWRON (Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron) located at Keno, Oregon, and asked if they had a target in the Richmand area and the senior controller answered in the affirmative. Six F-102's, one F-89, one H-29 (Helicopter), and one civilian Tri-Pacer equipped with a Geiger counter were vectored to the target area with negative results. The interceptors did not make visual or radar contact, and the Tri-Pacer reported negative radiation. After the unsuccessful intercept, the 25th Air Divition ordered the track number assigned to this target scrubbed.

The UFO report made to ATIC did not contain any information concerning the radar target, but concerned itself only with the visual sighting by Mr. Dickerson and Mr. Wertz. The reason the radar experience was omitted is that the Air Force recognized that the two sightings were really separate events. The FAA log associated the visual and radar sightings. These logs were later made available to Major Donald E. Keyhoe and he attempted to exploit them in an effort to prove that the Air Force was withholding information.

ATIC interviewed Officer Dickerson, Mr. Wertz, and Major Creasman of the 827th ACWRON, and confirmed the fact that the visual and radar sightings were associated only as conincidences. This conversation also narrowed down the direction and elevation, the apparent motions, and the colors and their arrangement associated with the object. From this information it was concluded that the cause for the visual sighting was the refraction of light from the planet Venus. The direction of the planet coincided with thaT reported for the object, and the planet had a stellar magnitude of ---4.2, or about 15 times brighter than the brightest star. At the intial time of the sighting the planet was slightly below the horizon and was brought into view by the bending of light (refraction) by the atmosphere. Inconsistencies in the atmosphere probably caused the object to appear to have radial motion (toward and away from the observer).

The radar return was determined to have been caused by a gap-filler antenna. Under certain atmospheric conditions this antenna appears on the scope of the 827th ACWRON, and has been observed several times since the 24 September 1959 sighting.
```