The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document describing a sighting incident involving three aircraft near Bradford, Pennsylvania on February 24, 1959. The text details the American Air Lines pilot's report of the incident, which was analyzed by the Air Force and found to be a possible sighting of three B-47 type aircraft.

The text in the document is as follows:

"THE 1952 Washington, D. C. sighting (radar and visual sightings).
WERE due to an examination investigatior completed in the fall of 1952.
In regard to the 24 February 1959 American Air Lines pilot's
sighting involving three aircraft near Bradford, Pennsylvania, the
investigation into this incident was forwarded to the United States
Air Force on 30 March 1959. The report was reviewed and the finding
was that the incident was identical to the 1952 visual sighting over
Pennsylvania border (near Bradford and Olean, New York) on the route of
American Air Lines Flight No. 739 departing Newark, New Jersey, at 7:10 p.m.
and arriving Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, at 10:52 p.m. on 24 February 1959.
This geographical area is bordered by the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania-Akron-
Youngstown, Ohio area overflown by the United Airlines flights reporting
this sighting.
The American Air Lines pilot, Captain ________, said in his
statement submitted to the Air Force by the American Air Lines, Inc.,
"Conditions at the interval of the three flights were identical to the 1952
'Constellation' Orion." This was initially identified as a possible
solution by the Air Force with the qualifying statement that the report
submitted had not yet been analyzed and that the findings of this
investigation would be based upon completed analysis and evaluation of the written
report as submitted. The pilot's report (copy attached) also suggested
the possibility that he might have witnessed a night aerial refueling
operation. Captain __________ has not contacted the Air Force since this
statement, to change or edit it in any way.
Upon analysis and evaluation, this sighting turned out to be B-47
type aircraft accomplishing night refueling from KC-97 tankers. The
American Air Lines pilot's report of the sighting tentatively indicated
this and Air Force records showed that three B-47 type aircraft were in
the area."