The image contains a photograph of a purported "flying saucer". The document appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report discussing an eyewitness account of a sighting of this object. The text describes the object as having a larger diameter than a television broadcasting tower, and that it remained stationary in the sky for about fifteen minutes before disappearing. The text also mentions that the object was not as brilliant as a spotlight, but rather emitted a soft glow.

A FLYING SAUCER  
This section of FLYING SAUCERS is devoted to factual reports by our readers. Here you will find the personal accounts of those who have actually seen flying saucers, and here, if you are one of those lucky ones, is the place for you to tell your own story! If you have had any sort of "saucer" experience, please send it to us and we will print it.  

April 29th, 1959, I was out in the back yard working on an old television chassis. The time was approximately 8:15 p.m. The sky was clear. The sun was setting in the west and a number of jet planes were passing by, leaving contrails. Suddenly, out of the corner of my eye, I saw a metallic object hovering in the sky. It showed dramatically against the blue sky. It seemed to have a slight wobbling motion as it hovered there. For a time, I could not believe my eyes, and I stopped what I was doing to take a look at the pretty display which was so striking against the cloudless sky. Immediately, I ran into the house to call my wife, but by the time I had done this and returned, the object was gone. It was motionless in the sky to the north. We are only about a mile away from the Grand Forks Air Force Base, and I thought at first it might have been some new type of jet or experimental craft of some kind. But it had a little larger diameter. I estimated it to be about 1 mile away and about 800 feet in the air. It would seem to have been larger than one of our television broadcasting towers, which average a height of around 600 feet. On the great contrast against the sky, it appeared to give off a soft glow, not as brilliant as a spotlight, but rather a gentle hue to it. After hovering for about fifteen minutes, it suddenly disappeared from sight. My wife, who had also see it, said she could not account for the disappearance. As soon as she exclaimed "Look, there it is again," over there to the left," it too low and disappeared behind the trees and rolling hills in the distance. It seems to have been heading in the direction of the east. The trail to the bright object hovering did not seem to indicate any distortion of the mountains, so I am inclined to think it was hovering rather than anything else. It was too early for it to be any kind of astronomical body, and the day light was too strong. The sky was perfectly clear. It was not as brilliant as a star or planet in a cloudless sky.