The image provided does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The document appears to be an analytical report discussing the presence of silver and other elements in some samples.

Project Blue Book Analysis and Reporting By: J.W. Cass, Chemist
Approved By: William M. Strope, Director, Technical Division, USAF
MATS - Ext. 6229

The text in the document states:

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
Spectrographic analysis of all samples, or of aqueous or acid extractions of the samples.
Net chemical analysis of samples for non-metallic elements.

RESULTS:
Sample #1 - No foreign elements.
Sample #2 - Slight amount of silver present.
Sample #3 - Very slight amount of silver present.
Sample #4 - High amount of silver present.
Sample #5 - High amount of silver present.

All samples contained elements normally expected to be in the particular type of samples. The presence of silver was of very slight concentrations from such small concentrations as to be considered as present only in insignificant, minute traces, and other silver halides have been used. Mention in this field is constantly being made, and it is recommended that the collection and analysis of such samples be continued with the view of possibly determining the source of this material.

SUMMARY:
The presence of silver even in small concentrations from such unlikely places as found in this case is very significant. It indicates that the source of this silver is not from normal terrestrial sources, and other silver halides have been used. Mention in this field is constantly being made, and it is recommended that the collection and analysis of such samples be continued with the view of possibly determining the source of this material. (enclosed) The General Electric Company in Marietta is also engaged in a similar program.

Literature on the subject was the term "monoite" as coming from silver debris from reactors. (Periodicals: 1959 encyclopedia Americana annual states that "monoite" is this material (possibly)? Traces of radioactive silver of unknown origin.

It is a good possibility that cloud seeding with a silver salt could have caused the phenomenon.