The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be the front page of a newsletter titled "Flagship News" published by American Airlines on March 9, 1959. The text describes a reported sighting of a "Mystery Escort" by Captain Killian over Phillipsburg, as well as Captain Killian's appearances on radio and television in New York City.

Text from the document:

FLAGSHIP NEWS
Vol. 14, No. 4 - 401 Published by American Airlines March 9, 1959

Mystery Escort Greets Flagship over Phillipsburg
The 6:26 a.m. Eastern flight from New York on February 24 was greeted by an unidentified aircraft which flew alongside the Flagship for several minutes before it veered off and disappeared. The co-pilot, First Officer John Datl, and the flight engineer, David W. Whittum, were both reported to have seen the 'escort' aircraft, which was sighted close to the wing on the co-pilot's side. The captain, Peter Killian, was in the cabin at the time and did not see the unidentified craft.

As the cabin passengers were enjoying the routine flight, the voice of Capt. Peter Killian came over the public address system. He explained what had just occurred and asked the passengers to take a look at their little windows. "There it is," he said, "off our port wing." But by the time the passengers looked, the 'escort' had veered off and disappeared.

"They aren't stars," continued Capt. Killian. "No, it's not our imagination. We all saw it - the co-pilot, the engineer, and myself." He could not account for the mysterious 'escort' which had paced the Flagship over Phillipsburg for several minutes.

Captain Killian also appeared on radio and television in New York City. He accepted invitations to speak before the American Rocket Society and Station WCBS, Charlottsville, West Virginia, in which he vividly re-enacted his experience of that eventful night.

Captain Killian also accepted an invitation to speak before the students of the American Rocket Society in New York. This culminates his presentation in a taped telephone conversation between Captain Killian and Rush D. Holt, Jr., Congressman, West Virginia, in which he vividly re-enacts his experience of that eventful night.