There is no photograph present on this page of the document.

The text on the document is as follows:

---

🛈 FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY 🛈
(AFR 190-16)

b. Dr. Hynek's Problem of Adverse Publicity:

Several solutions for Dr. Hynek's problem of adverse pub-
licity were proposed, the most drastic of which was to have Dr. Hynek
withdraw from his present position as scientific consultant for one or
two years. It was the consensus of opinion that any solution which cost
the services of Dr. Hynek would be unsuitable due to his immense value
to the program. The course of action decided upon to attempt to correct
this problem was to omit the use of Dr. Hynek's name in any of the offi-
cial release on the UFO subject. Further. Dr. Hynek is to forward all
letters received by him on the UFO subject to SAIFS-3 for reply. Dr.
Hynek to maintain his present status until it can be determined if the
new positive and more scientific approach to the program would reduce
if not eliminate his problem of adverse publicity. The release of Dr.
Hynek to be only a last resort solution.
 
c. Education of the Public:

It was concluded that the Air Force should direct positive
efforts toward taking full advantage of all favorable publicity associated
in any way with the UFO Program. That specific efforts should be made
toward producing information which would educate the public and be ad-
vantageous to the UFO Program. Pictures and/or descriptions of the
phenomena or objects termed as flying saucer or type reports for the
sighting should accompany the news releases. It was decided that a
collection of such pictures should be made and filed for this purpose.

d. Rapid Processing of Information to SAIFS:

In all instances SAIFS should be notified as soon as
possible what the probable Air Technical Intelligence Center's analysis
will be and particularly in the case of those sightings which are being
given the "full blower" technique by the press. It helps the Air Force's
position if SAIFS can give positive information that the investigators 
are at the location of the sighting and the official investigation
underway.

e. Investigation and Reporting:

It was decided that the Air Force's investigation and 
reporting processes in connection with the UFO Program needed revamping.
The conclusions were that the investigations should be more scientific,
faster and more complete. In order to accomplish this improvement in
investigation techniques, it was decided that AFR 200-2, dated 5 Feb 1958,
which outlines the responsibilities and requirements of the Air Force
Agencies responsible for these investigations be revised. This revision
to outline more specifically responsibilities, also to outline the de-
tailed qualifications of selected investigators, and to list equipment
with which each investigation should be supplied. Further, a
suggested training course which should be given to all personnel selected
as investigators should be supplied (See TAB-E). It was also suggested
that the investigators from the 1006th AISS be brought to ATIC for an

FOR 0FF1C14L 🛈SE ONLY
(AFR 1🛈0-16) 🛈

---