The image appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this particular page. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

between the UFO office and AFCIN, AIC, and ATIC in order to accomplish the primary objectives of the project. There would also be a requirement for new requisition and the administrative support of the AF force would have to be obtained. In addition, the UFO program would lose prestige due to its association with intelligence.

By limitation of the direct association between the Intelligence community and the UFO project findings, the Intelligence community would be unable to carry on a continuing overacquisition of public relations. Also, it has been pointed out more than once during the course this project that intelligence support would be a limitation in accomplishing this mission for obvious reasons. Intelligence would do much to accomplish this as it cannot take part directly due to the military intelligence nature of the project.

These means are a threat or potential threat to our national security program and cannot be overlooked. This objective could be fulfilled again with the knowledge available. This objective would be the same basic program as now except that the means would be accomplished by other means than intelligence. The reason is that the present means are a threat or potential threat to our national security program and cannot be overlooked.

IV. CONCLUSION:

The intelligence portion of the UFO project to be an agency with a scientific capability, i.e. ATIC, is the most logical organization of the program it is believed. This is substantiated in that the program requires the scientific organization which ATIC represents. Since the interpretation of intelligence data and the experience to evaluate such observations is necessary, it would appear that the assignment to intelligence was very logical. Experience to date with this intelligence organization indicates that it will not permit information to leak except in a manner which will not injure the official objectives and has the technical facilities and knowledge required to assist the scientific objectives of the project. To examine the success of this reassignment, the scientific objectives of the project should be more clearly defined.

V. ACTIVE RECOMMENDATIONS:

1. It is recommended that this study be approved and the necessary steps taken for possible implementation. Such approval should be accompanied by authorization of the draft document which is attached. A study of this nature should be undertaken in phase with Atomic Energy Commission requirements.