The document contains a black and white photograph of a typed page. Below, I have transcribed the text from the document:

---

SAPOI-34/Maj Tucker/mhb/72291

25 March 1960

Dear Major [Redacted],

This is to acknowledge and thank you for your letter of 19 March 1960 addressed to Secretary Sharp concerning the unidentified flying object sighting of 24 September 1959 near Redmond, Oregon. Your letter has been referred to this office for reply.

As mentioned in my previous letter of 19 January 1960, the ATIC account of this sighting fails to reveal any evidence of radar tracking of the UFO or any success of the attempted intercept.

The official Federal Aviation Agency logs from the Air Route Traffic Control Center at Seattle-Tacoma Airport and the Redmond Air Traffic Communication Center are misleading. The official log of the Klamath Falls GCI site reveals the following:

Upon notification of the sighting of a UFO in the general area, it was assigned the track designation of J3-129. During the active search for this UFO (1300 Z to 2155 Z) six F-102 type aircraft and one F-89 type aircraft were scrambled under control of Klamath Falls and Mt. Hebo radar sites. Repeated passes were made by the interceptors between 40,000’ and 12,000’ level. A Tri Pacer aircraft and a H-19 helicopter conducted a low altitude search. In addition, a B-47 SAC aircraft from Mountain Home Air Force Base in Idaho was in the area. All of the aircraft returned to bases with visual and radar negative results. The radar return bearing track number J3-129 on the Klamath Falls GCI station was not an unidentified flying object. It was determined by the four senior controllers on duty during the period of the search that this radar return on the GCI scope was a radar echo from a gap filler antenna located on a mountain at the 8,000’ level. This radar return did not move during the entire period of the search. This has been further substantiated since 24 September 1959 on several occasions when a similar radar return appeared in the same location. A careful check has shown that under specific atmospheric conditions a non-moving radar echo from this gap filler antenna is reflected on the GCI scope. The fact that this radar return did not move is in complete disagreement with ground observers who sighted the UFO visually. They all testified it maneuvered rapidly and at times hovered.

---

Note: Names and any identifying details are redacted to preserve privacy and adhere to image safety policies.