The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report on an Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) sighting. There is no photograph present on this page. 

The text of the document is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS
SELFRIDGE AIR FORCE BASE
1ST FIGHTER WING (AIR DEFENSE)
SELFRIDGE AIR FORCE BASE, MICHIGAN

REPLY TO
ATT'N OF: 17:002  

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object (UFO): Sighted 0209 hours November 6, 1959, Clarkston, Michigan

TO: Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. In accordance with AFR 200-2 the attached file concerning an unidentified flying object allegedly seen and photographed by Mr. and Mrs. (deleted) is submitted.

2. Due to the ambiguities involved concerning the date and time of sighting, and the difficulty in determining the exact location, this report was difficult; however, the only real clue found under the existing circumstances was the statement concerning the report was pursued and revealed the following information:

a. The first snowfall for the area concerned was listed as a trace only and occurred on 13 November 1959. The weather was clear, temperature 36, and visibility unlimited.

b. The first snowfall for the year that remained over night was recorded on 23 November 1959. The recorded weather at time of sighting, high clouds, six tenths coverage. Temperature was 48 F and wind was calm.

Based on this and other precept the following information was revealed:

(1) Aircraft of a known type and design are eliminated due to the length of time observed.
(2) The possibility that a weather balloon may have been sighted was investigated with results as follows:
    a. The meteorology section located at Flint, Michigan Airport Station releases two (2) weather balloons daily at 0700 PST and 1900 PST. These balloons ascend at a rate of 1000 feet per minute and reach a diameter of thirty (30) feet when burst, however, on 23 November this balloon did not burst. It reached an altitude of 30,000 feet and developed a slow leak.
    b. The sun set at 1712 EST.
    c. The balloon reached sunlight between 40 and 50 thousand feet.