The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

Text output from OCR:

December 27, 1949
AIR FORCE and evaluating reported flying saucers. The reports are the result of this interpretation of various conventional objects, a mild form of mass hysteria, and unsubstantiated rumors.
Declassified Air Force secret summaries of intelligence investigations of UFOs:
"It will never be possible to say with certainty that these objects might not be real. The presence of such visitors from space, the intelligence report also stated: "Such a civilization might observe that we on earth are still in a primitive stage, and therefore they would not necessarily make themselves known to us at this time above all to behold such visitations."
February 22, 1950
Headquarters statement after a Navy visual and radar tracking report of two UFOs at Key West Naval Air Station: "There is absolutely no evidence that flying saucers or phenomena exist."
March 30, 1950
Air Force statement after the published flying "saucer" report by Commander (now Captain) E. J. Smith of the U.S. Navy, guided missile tests squadron at White Sands, New Mexico:
The Air Force investigated a number of UFO sightings at White Sands, including the report of an intelligence officer who recorded over 100 small flying objects at an altitude of 10,000 feet for 2 1/2 hours. When questioned about this Navy report, we have no evidence that the flying saucers are other than normal phenomena.
January and February, 1951
"We have no evidence that such objects exist." In general, such reports are usually explained as natural phenomena.
June 21, 1952
Air Force statement given to Look magazine by an ATIC colonel: "These reports come from sincere people; they are not crackpots. They are seeing something; we have to find out what."
From this date on, the Air Force has consistently clouded pertinent UFO information to such an extent that legislative bodies as well as the public in general are still confused. It is as well known now that the Air Force initiated the ridicule campaign as it was at one time that flying saucers simply did not exist. This secrecy and ridicule campaign
"On the other hand did deliberately confuse the public or that the left hand does not know what the right hand is doing. The Air Force cannot make up its mind whether to tell the public after the tremendous surge in sightings by highly trained observers. It could reveal its hand and give evidence that the UFO's were seen, and possibly identified with a classified project - this it will not do - and seems unable to do to this day. Why?
In recent years the Air Force has been attacked and charged many times with "cover up" of misleading statements", "censorship" and "criminal negligence" in dealing with UFO's. Isn't it time this situation came to a forum?