This document image does not contain any photographs, only textual content and signatures.

Here is the text from the document:
---
We are attaching a list of the UFO organizations and hobby clubs. We would appreciate any additions of which you are aware and/or comments regarding discontinuations of those no longer active.

Please feel free to publish any information regarding evaluations such as the Pecos City sighting. Information regarding evaluations by the Air Force is always available to individuals and the press. It is good public relations practice for evaluations to appear in the newspaper. This does much to clarify reports and to eliminate doubt in the minds of some readers. The information supplied to you by our office regarding personal opinions and policy and data of this nature is for your information only, since all information regarding policy must be released through the Air Force rather than in the form of a personal letter.

Your six page article is being returned with a few comments by Sgt Moody. These comments are for your information and/or guidance in future articles. The following comments or points of information appear pertinent.

(1) The Air Force accepts only scientific fact regarding life and intelligence on other planets and does not engage in speculation.

(2) Information from almost 9,000 cases indicates that unidentified flying objects exist as reports of aircraft, balloons, stars, planets, missiles and a multitude of known conventional objects and phenomena. There has been no indication that these objects are from outer space under intelligent control. The letter of 23 Sep 47 did not state that UFOs are real, it requested an investigation to determine IF they were real and all official conclusions and all information to date indicates that given sufficient information a valid explanation for the cause of each report could be made.

(3) We would appreciate a statement of the information in your files which indicates that they are objects of interplanetary origin.

Sincerely,

Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

5 Atchs
1. Analysis Of Fragments
2. Statistics
3. Bibliography
4. List of Organizations
5. Six page article & comments

2
---