The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a "Supplement to AF Form 112" dated 1959-06-8406927, relating to a UFO sighting in New Guinea.

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

Air Attache, AUSTRALIA
1,403,022

On the night of the 26th June the largest of the bright lights had projections along the upper side which appeared to be human forms. Although the movements which accompanied the sighting were unusual, it was impossible to determine if they were caused by the party of observers who concluded that they must be humans. The time of the sighting was variable for take photographs because of the film at the time of the sighting.

Comments:
A. Many of the white and native population of the area have been seeing bright lights which travel at great speed for some considerable time and are convinced of the existence of flying saucers.
B. Probably the constant light and the intermittent light observed in November 1958 were the USSR and US Satellites. The lights seen by the party on Mount Hagen, in March 1959, could well have been a flight from the setting sun reflected on the hazy atmosphere.
C. Although the July incident could be regarded as a reliable observer, it seems that natural phenomena colored by past events and the subconscious influences of the weather may cloud and unsettle with light a number of persons. Although it is not possible to draw any firm conclusion as to the nature of the visual impression, the planets Saturn and Mars, light reflection, the changing position of the planet relative to the observer, and cloud movement would give the impression of a size and rapid movement. In addition, varying cloud densities could account for the human shapes and their sudden disappearance.
4. COMMENTS of Reporting Officer. The villagers of Boianai and Wewan are located at 10 .36' S - 149 .40'E and 10 .01'E respectively.
This office concurs with the conclusions drawn in paragraph H above.
It may be interesting to note that the Minister for Air recently received an inquiry from Major J., regarding the National Investigating Committee on Aerial Phenomena, regarding the report and requesting he be furnished a copy. This is taking up the matter with the USAF, who have indicated they are unwilling to release the report directly to civilian organizations.
For information concerning the sightings. Our message C-1609, 3 December 1959 and AGFIR-C site 6-10 31 December 1959 contained information upon which reply was based.