The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Based on the text in the image, this appears to be a document regarding the transfer of the USAF Aerial Phenomena Program to APCIN. The text discusses the details of this transfer, including the handling of reports, the purpose of the program, and its potential impact.

Transcribed text from the document:

APCIN-4

Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program

APCIN (Major General Walsh)

1. During December 1959, a study was conducted by APCIN-MB, ATIC, AFOAI commending the transfer of the Aerial Phenomena Program to APCIN. It was pointed out that five years experience with the UFO program had failed to reveal any tangible scientific data, and that any value from the continuation of such an investigation was to be questioned.

After review of the program, APCIN declined the transfer indicating the data available was not qualified to the degree required. However, AATC was directed to transfer the data available to limited qualitatively only because of the volume of USAF, ATIC, and other information to be handled by this organization. This is due to the fact that the technical value of this data has not been exploited fully, as it is believed that they should be handled as research data, not as statistics as they are valuable to the Air Force only as statistics and as they relate to the public interest aspects of the program. The Air Force must be concerned in view of the fact that this program, for the most part, deals with public relations and the military's association with the program. It is presently responsibility for the public relations portion of the program and this responsibility would be transferred to AFOAI.

2. This program could operate without the loss of its possible military scientific value if conducted as follows:

a. The reports will by regulation be forwarded to AFOAI for initial investigation and screening. An officer with a technical background, and preferably with intelligence experience, will be assigned to this branch of AFOAI charged with this responsibility and will conduct the screening and initial evaluation.

b. Those reports which reach AFOAI which give indication of having possible intelligence value or scientific and technical possibilities will be forwarded to APCIN and/or ATIC for further evaluation and/or exploitation.