There are no photographs visible in the document provided.

Text:

```
MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD                                                         (AFR 190-16)

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Conference

     1. A meeting was held at the Department of Air Force, ATICN,
at 1330 on 17 Feb 1959, for the purpose of discussing the Air Force
philosophy toward and policy regarding the Unidentified Flying Objects
Program. The following persons associated with the program were present:

           Mr. A. Francis Arcier, AFCIN-IN-
           Col L. T. Glasser, ATICN/LY
           Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Air Force Scientific
           Consultant UFO Program
           Mr. B. L. Griffing, ATICN/LE
           Maj J. F. Byrne, AFCIN-XIA
           Maj J. J. Tacker, SAFIS-S
           Maj J. E. Boland, SAFIL
           Maj R. J. Friend, ATICN/TH

     2. Brief on Dr. Hynek:

           Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Astrophysicist, Ohio State University,
presently on leave of absence to act as Associate Director of the
Satellite Tracking Program for the Smithsonian Institute.

           Dr. Hynek has been the Air Force's scientific consultant on
the UFO Program for ten years and has been invaluable in this capacity.

           Dr. Hynek suggested this meeting to allow him to air some of
his views on the UFO Program and his personal problem of adverse publicity.
(Letters and publications intimating his only interest in the UFO Program
was for financial gain.)

           Dr. Hynek indicated that he felt the Air Force had done a
good job of handling a very difficult program with the limited resources
available. The purpose of the meeting being to improve on these resources
and other facets of the program in an effort to improve on our job.

     3. The agenda is attached as TAB-A

     4. Discussion, Conclusions and Suggestions:

          a. Official Name of the Program:

           It was concluded that the present name of "Unidentified
Flying Objects" was not appropriate and that a name change was desirable.
However, it was felt that this was not the proper time for a change due
to the possibility of supplying the UFO fanatics with ammunition for a
new attack. This subject is to be given further consideration. In this
connection it was decided to no longer identify the unsolved cases as
"unknowns" but rather as "unidentified."

-FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY- B&M
(AFR 190-16)
```