The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document titled "GROUND OBSERVERS CONFIRM AIR REPORTS" that describes various UFO sightings and reports.

GROUND OBSERVERS CONFIRM AIR REPORTS
Added confirmation came from ground observers. On the evening of February 24, 1959 the residents of Mrs. Betty Rennor's location at Cloveridge Street, Akron, Ohio saw something in the sky which they did not understand and could not identify.
Knowing of Mrs. Rennor's interest in celestial phenomena, they called to her. Mrs. Rennor reported that the object, approxhate size of the North Star, moving from east to west. Mrs. Rennor, employing binoculars, said that the lights appeared to be circularizing in a rolling motion. She then made a telephone call to the Director of the UFORC. He in turn reported it to Akron Radio Station WAKR, and requested that anyone having seen the lights should contact the Director.
Mr. G., who lives ten miles from the home of the Rennor's, related in the same fashion of observations of cloud-like lights accompanied by a 10 to 15 second interval between succession of bursts. He noted that the lights were not stars, and could not have been. Constellation Orion because the stars of Orion could be seen simultaneously in another part of the sky.
Mrs. G1 became annoyed at the persistence of the sound accompaning the lights. Certain sections of the city, observers reported hearing any sound. Neither did they see the airnlane which was about fifteen miles north of the unidentified lights, so that the object would have been out any distance of fifteen miles; but the observers did this latter time. 
When the lights were described through a haze preparatory to landing at Detroit. Michigan, they were spotted from the ground at 6:15 P.M. They were confirmed on the ground observers as circling the airport, following the lights of confirming plane, and consequently, that the airline pilots as well as observers on the ground were viewing the same objects, and not an illusion. Then the lights were heading west towards the Akron Canton Airport. The objects then were seen to the northwest and disappeared.

RELEASE OF OFFICIAL EXPLANATIONS
On the morning of February 25, in the Air Force maintained silence concerning these reports. Then on February 26, the Air Force intelligence informed UFORC that the object observed at Detroit and Akron were misidentified light of a distant passenger aircraft. Four days later the Air Force reported objects in a recent flurry of flying under reports.
This Air Force Technical Intelligence Agency at Wright Patterson Air Force Base that they believed the pilots may have sighted stars, especially the portion of Orion. It should be noted that the Air Force statement says the Air Force that their own men reported. The Air Force, then, in essence, admits that their own men reported seeing three lighted objects.