The image contains a newspaper article titled "Four Planets Now Visible" along with a star chart showing the positions of various planets and stars. The article discusses the visibility of four planets - Jupiter, Saturn, Mars, and Venus - during the month of June. It provides details on the best times and directions to observe these planets. The star chart shows the positions of these planets as well as other celestial objects like stars and constellations.

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for May 23, 1959

FOUR PLANETS NOW VISIBLE

With four of the five planets that can be seen without a telescope visible during June, this month promises an unusual display of moved-up planets.

BY JAMES STOKLEY

THIS IS CERTAINLY a question each of us has asked more than once, "What planets can I see in the sky tonight?" Well, during June the answer will be: Jupiter, Saturn, Mars, and Venus, all of which are now visible in the evening sky.

While the Earth has nine planets in its family, only five of them-Jupiter, Saturn, Mars, Venus, and Mercury-can be seen with the naked eye. Of these, Jupiter and Saturn are the most prominent and Visible, being about as large as any of the stars. Mars is next in brightness, and Venus is also very brilliant. Mercury is the most elusive, never appearing far from the sun and sometimes being visible only around sunrise or sunset.

During June, four of these wanderers will be on display. This means that starting about sundown and continuing through the evening, you will be able to see as many as four planets at once, which is quite unusual. At least one, and sometimes two, of these planets will be visible for most of the evening, right up until the time you go to bed.

Regulus is the brightest star. Low in the west, the two bright stars that make up the "handle" of the Dipper are near Jupiter. Above and to the left of Jupiter is Saturn, very high in the southwest. Lower in the northwest, Pollux, in Gemini, is close by Mars, and Capitol, in Auriga, the charioteer, is just south and west of Venus, which should be very bright in the western evening sky. For the star-gazer, it should be an exciting month.

On Sunday, June 21, at 10:30 p.m. EST, the sun will reach its most northerly point, the summer solstice. After that date, the sun will appear to move southward again in the sky. One way to visualize this is that the sun's rays are striking more slantingly on the Northern Hemisphere, and less heat per square inch is being received. This means that after June 21, the days will gradually grow shorter as we move toward winter.

Close to Venus, when the sky gets darker, you will see Mars. At a distance of 202,000,000 miles on the 15th, it is only a tiny reddish speck, but Venus, at a mere 31,000,000 miles, shines brightly in the west. Stars which became visible earlier in the evening, such as Arcturus in the northwest and Spica lower in the southwest, will continue to be seen during the early evening hours.

Large-scale Carvery

Washington, D.C. specialists have designed a postal card that displays a large-scale three-dimensional carving representing the Statue of Liberty, with the word "LIBERTY" prominently shown stamped on the image. This card will be sold, and large-scale carvings of the Statue of Liberty, about four feet high, will be available for purchase by the public from the Department of Justice building at 9th Street and Pennsylvania Avenue. They will cost about $5 each.