The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was the official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

TACKER LETTER (CON'T.)
24 June 1959

There is only one official explanation of evaluation of this incident. It is the U.S. Air Force visual sighting report operation.

I trust this is the information you desire.

Sincerely,

RICHARD H. BINKLEY Jr.
Major, USAF
Office of Information Services

COPY OF ENCLOSURE -
"Departing Newark 1910 arriving Detroit 2252.
"I was approaching a flight at an altitude of 3,000 feet, there were three lights off my left wing in the vicinity of the plane. The visibility was unlimited with no upper clouds observed. The lights appeared to be at an altitude of 3,000 VFR on top or broken clouds. The distance of the three lights was difficult to determine, as it changed from dim to a bright brilliant. Sometimes the interval of the bright lights lasted about 20 seconds, then the lights were extinguished and during this whole operation, as I mentioned before, the lights were difficult to determine. This light-change seemed to occur on three different occasions within the 30 minutes operation. Also occasionally the three were extinguished and during this whole operation, as I mentioned before, the lights were difficult to determine. It was difficult for me to determine other than flying saucers could be a jet tanker refueling operation at night. I am not sure of the air speed during this complete flight, but it was 250 knots indicated. I also do not know the altitude of the fighters during operation if this could be so. I contacted ATC to find out if any other traffic was given, but none was given.
"In summary, it was difficult for me to believe they were jets until I still don't know anyone else that was there besides myself and contacted AFC to find out regarding the low speed and some other speculation. Though I watched them for 30 minutes before, during the 30 minutes at 11 o'clock position and the lights extinguished, also occasionally they came forward from the 5 o'clock position to the 11 o'clock position. Also occasionally the three were extinguished and during this whole operation, as I mentioned before, the lights were difficult to determine.
19