There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). 

The text in the document is as follows:

Boulder, Colorado
7 May 1960

Dr. Donald H. Menzel
Harvard Observatory
Cambridge 38, Massachusetts

Dear Dr. Menzel:

I would have answered you sooner on your letter about the flying saucer picture I sent you, but the weather has been so bad lately that I would have seen nothing. However, I was able to get this possibility to look over the photo.

Unfortunately, no more copies of the photo are available to send. It was impossible to find the negatives, and even to find some more copies of the photo which the picture was taken was impossible. Also, I see that the Ray Building is the location where the picture was taken. This building is located in Boulder, and now is different than in February when the picture was taken, but it could still be a little difficult to identify the correct position.

When the window is opened to just catch the right angle of the position of the photograph, this photograph cannot be taken the same as it was in February. Therefore, this reflection theory is very probably correct. Though I shall be curious why the reflection is such a large object. It seems to me that the picture was taken very late in the afternoon.

I am including in this package 5x7 enlargement of the whole area covered in the picture which may be more suitable for your new book. Yes, I would be delighted to have you use my photo.

I have had a 1950 sighting of a similar nature as such unusual natural phenomena as saucer pillar. Therefore, I am also enclosing a picture of this lighter. It was taken at about 14h 17 on the morning of February 25, 1960. When I first saw the pillar, it was gone and I was ready to snap the pillar. It was only 105' high. Therefore, I just took the picture but the shutter was just the same as it had been over a few seconds, the aperture was 1/300 s at f:3.5 on a Tri-x 35mm film. All of it suddenly faded quickly and was gone outside the frame.

There is almost no trace of it in the photo, but there was also a faint round ball of luminescence right below the pillar, becoming fainter from 25/28 to 35/40 cm. You may wonder about this phenomenon, but the negative is so flat it is wonderful that anything shows at all. The pillar seems a little bit above the darkness, and I am doubtful about that.