There does not appear to be a photograph in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report containing text only.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION

1. ON 6 MARCH 1959. WITNESSES: HOUSEWVES

Section I. 11336 CID Group, Oakland 12, California

UNIDENTIFIABLE OBJECTS IN THE SKY, VICINITY OF STOCKTON, CALIFORNIA

REPORTING AGENCY: OAKLAND 12, CALIFORNIA 

EVALUATION

GENERAL : On 6 March 1959. witnesses who were housewives residing in the vicinity of Stockton, California observed several unidentifiable objects in the sky. The objects were first seen at approximately 17:30 to 18:00 hours on that date. The objects were described as being high in the sky and moving very rapidly at times, taking on a shape of a solid, smooth, silver-white object. The objects disappeared and reappeared at intervals during the observation period. The sky was deep blue, broken only by the trail and color of the objects.

DETAILS: (Censored) witnessed the following: On 6 March 1959, at approximately 17:30 to 18:00 hours, she and her neighbors observed several unidentifiable objects in the sky over the vicinity of Stockton, California. The objects were first seen at high altitude and then descended lower in the sky, moving at a very rapid rate of speed. The objects appeared and disappeared at intervals, taking on a silvery-white, round to oval shape. In size, they appeared to be approximately 1/2 to 1/3 the apparent size of the full moon. The objects appeared to be reflecting sunlight. The sky was deep blue, broken only by the trails and color of the objects. The observations lasted for approximately five minutes. 

EVALUATION: This case is classified as UNIDENTIFIED. The objects observed were not identified as any known aerial vehicles or phenomena which could be definitely associated with any man-made devices. The possibility exists that the objects were satellites or some other type of identifiable objects not known to be in that area at that time. However, the descriptive data indicates that the observed objects did not conform to the normal characteristics of known satellites. The incidents of appearance and disappearance, irregular motion, and unusual size preclude a positive identification. Insufficient data is available to determine the exact nature of the phenomena. The evidence suggests that the objects were not conventional aircraft, balloons, or other known aerial phenomena. The report is considered credible, as the witnesses were reliable and their observations were substantiated by more than one person.

CONCLUSIONS: The objects observed were unidentified and do not conform to the characteristics of any known aerial vehicles or phenomena. The possibility exists that they were some type of satellite or other celestial bodies not previously observed by ground observers. However, their unusual motion, size, and manner of appearance and disappearance do not permit their positive identification as such. This case remains classified as UNIDENTIFIED.