There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

UNCLASSIFIED
(SECURITY INFORMATION WHEN FILLED IN)
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
ORIGINATING AGENCY USAF - HAQS
REPORT NO. 1-22-1959 PAGE 3 OF 4 PAGES
7. Weather and Winds:
Scattered cirro cumulus at 4,500 ft; at flight altitude ceiling and visibility unlimited.
8. None known to observer; further data not available at this station.
9. Aircraft was on a true heading of 290 degrees when trail was first sighted and held in sight for about 2 minutes but was lost to view thereafter. Trail bearing remained constant at 100 degrees from the aircraft. Photographs were taken and sighting was observed until disappearance by winds and altitude obscured to its original heading.
10. None known in area.
11. Arthur H. Clarke, Jr. (3538824) 
Grade - 2nd Lt (USA??), Office of the Chief of Intelligence Branch, War Plans Division, HQ WESTAF, preliminary analysis of possible cause of sighting - There is a possibility that the trail or contrail observed was not generated by an external missile case. Supporting evidence would include the following factors:
a. The contrail seemed unusually broad as observed by the witness and covered a large area of the sky.
b. The undercarriage or fin of the object seemed to expand and increase in size under the proper conditions. 
c. The observer's impression was that the object was moving downward or descendent.
d. The photographs appear to show a normal vapor trail from a Jet but took place earlier on the same day.
The photographs do not indicate any similarity firing sequence or contrail characteristics that would associated with an external Intercontinental Ballistic Missile. from Vandenberg AFB, California, took place earlier on the same day.
12. Photographs are attached. Supplemental photographic information is as follows:
a. Type and make of camera: Rolina IIIC.
b. Lens: Type - standard; Focal length 2.8f 135mm - make - Schneider.
c. Date and time of exposure: 1300 hours, 8 September 1959.
d. Data and other information obtained from photographs.