There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document. However, I can provide the text output from the document:

AF FORM 112—PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT 

FROM AGENCY: 
9301st Air Division, USAF

REPORT NO.: 
1

PAGE 1 OF 3 PAGES

a. Object data:
(1) Elongated egg- (See Attachment # 1)
(2) The size of the object could not be accurately judged, however, the observers stated that it was approximately 50 to 100 feet in length. This led them to believe the object was nearly twice as long as its height and in the general shape of an elongated egg.
(3) The color was dull red with purple waves coursing throughout the extremities of the object. As the object neared the observer, he did not notice the color reflected on objects below.
(4) One (1), as far as the observer could determine.
(5) N/A
(6) None
(7) None
(8) The object emitted a sound which he described as the hum of a large transformer. This object was also estimated to be about the size of a quonset hut and he described the sound similar to but vastly greater in volume than a whip swishing through the air.
(9) It was estimated that while the object was in the vicinity of his home, his radios had recently been receiving interference until then. This was completely eliminated after the object passed on.

b. Description of Course of Object:
(1) The attention of the observer was drawn to the object while he was in his darkened bedroom by a bright, white, steady light which was reflected against the wall opposite the windows of the room. He realized that the light was too intense to be school and the shape of the home and his younger brother, he arose, dressed and went out on the porch of his bedroom. As soon as he moved to the porch, the object made a circling motion to the West and approximately 150 to 200 feet in altitude and he wanted to get a better look at it and call his family to have them see it in the sky.
(2) The object was at an elevation from the house of about 20°, at an undetermined distance from the observer's position. 
(3) Directly towards his home on a steady declining altitude or approach and when over his home at about 800 to 1000 feet, it veered sharply away to the North East. He was, however, unable to see the object when he knew that he should have seen it. He went back into the house to calm the family pets and his younger brother. 
(4) The object was last seen by the observer moving off to the West and approaching his position. He observed the object would pass closer to the house and approach his position. He became terrified as the object sped past the house and decided against the gun. He went into the house and related his experience. The next morning while looking out the window, he observed the object to the West of his position, approaching at high speed.