There are no photographs present on this page.

The text from the document is as follows:

```
At 10-20 P. M. on July 16th, a Superior, Nebraska resident named Jim Chapman claimed that, while he was on his way home from a ball game, a UFO followed him along a highway. When he changed his direction of travel, the UFO did also. Finally Chapman became "plain scared," and headed back to where he could find someone for moral support. Chapman eventually came upon two other people, and the three of them reported that the UFO followed them in the same way, changing direction whatever they did. It was at a 30-degree angle in the sky and about a quarter of a mile away, according to the witnesses...

The SUPERIOR (Nebraska) EXPRESS July 16, 1959 carried the folowing accout of an equally strange scene:

"Anyone Else See the Flying Saucer or Whatever It Was? Three Saw It.
They didn't get a cloceup view of it and they do not claim to have seen a flying saucer. there must be some logical explanation of it they agree, but they haven't figured out what it is. There certainly was something flying around Nuckolls County one night recently at least three people think so. 

First to see the strange object was Jim Chapman of Nelson. Jim had been at a ball game and saw it first at about 10 p.m. on his way home. Just before turning west a the corner three miles southwest of Oak it was ahead of him then, he said, and when he turned west it turned too, then went in front of him and again followed him west along the road.

He continued that he was "plain scared” and said that after it had been following him for a while he turned and head back toward Nelson. Here the object was to his right and back a short distance, he said. Two women from Nelson whom Jim did not know headed for Nelson. The three of them traveled together and the UFO followed them, seemingly to one side and rear again and finally flew off in another direction and faded from view.

The object was brilliant appeared to be round and several in diameter, and was at about a 30-degree angle in the sky and about a quartero of a mile distant. Anyone else see it? You note

An attempt was made by the writer to contact Chapman relative to his experience but he would not correspond. Since he did not have a phone the effort was not meet with success. However, the Kneeskers were reached by phone and Mrs. Kneeskers confirmed their signing. She was unable to add any additional details. The printed newspaper version of their experience related above, but did remark that they felt the strange light must have been a reflection but didn' know what from and were badly frightened by the weirdness of the experience.
```