The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned document page. I will now act as an OCR system and provide the text found in the document.

---

NEWS RELEASE
PLEASE NOTE DATE

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
OFFICE OF PUBLIC INFORMATION
Washington 25, D. C.

Fact Sheet

November 5, 1957 No. 1038-58
L5-6700 EXT. 75131

Air Force 10 year Study of Unidentified Flying Objects

In response to queries as to results of previous investigation of Unidentified Flying Object reports, the Air Force said today that after 10 years of investigation and evaluation of UFO’s no evidence has been discovered to confirm the existence of so-called "FLYING SAUCERS".

Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Professor of Astrophysics and Astronomy at Ohio State University in the Chief Scientific Consultant to the Air Force on the subject of Unidentified Flying Objects.

THE REPORT CONCLUDES WITH THIS PUBLIC PROMISE:

The Air Force, assigned the responsibility for the Air Defence of the United States, will continue to investigate, through the Air Defence Command and Department of unexplainable objects over the U.S. including objects that may become unidentified flying objects. The services of a qualified scientist and technician will continue to investigate and analyse these reports, and periodic public statements will END be made as warranted.

---

THE SPACE-CRAFT DIGEST charges that this is outright falsehood. Such an investigation is NOT being carried on as promised. balance after instance of UFO violation of the air-space of US has gone uninvestigated such as these we have noted on the preceding pages. But more than that--Dr. Hynek, who is on the public payroll to do a job doesn’t even answer a query from our radio station concerning the UFO problem, etc.

SECRETARY wrote, but from the "feather-bedding" doctor there is no reply because he apparently is one of the Ph.D.'s hired by the Air Force to produce a "public whitewash" of this fantastic world-wide phenomena.

As a former Naval Radar-radio officer, a graduate electrical engineer the editor realizes that these charges are serious. BUT--at the same time--the possibility that the U.S.S.R. or Red China or diverging aircraft of electrical flight is also serious. While the giant armed forces budget double with rockets the bumbling military cad nation stop voices must speak out. The least the troublemakers can do is to ask some questions. Those who do fly is peace with the vain hope that "they might go away."

SPACE CRAFT DIGEST   SALEM OREGON, USA   P.O. Box 768  page 7

---