The image contains a photograph that shows a page from an old UFO report document. The page includes a typed report addressed to Senator Jackson and discusses an inquiry regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting near Redmond, Oregon, on 24 September 1959. The document also includes a handwritten signature and is dated April 25, 1960.

Here is the text from the document:

```
SAPFL-1/Maj Wright/ss/37215/20 Apr 60
SAPFL 120003

APR 25 1960

Dear Senator Jackson:

This is in response to your inquiry of 5 April 1960 in behalf of
concerning the Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) sighting of 24 September 1959 near Redmond, Oregon. This reply was delayed while due consideration was given to Mr. Harris' letter in Air Force Headquarters.

The Air Technical Intelligence Center's account of this sighting failed to reveal any evidence of radar tracking of the UFO or any success of the attempted intercept. The official Federal Aviation Agency logs from the Air Route Traffic Control Center at Seattle-Tacoma Airport in Washington, and the Redmond Air Traffic Communication Center are misleading. The official log of the Klamath Falls, Oregon, ground-controlled interception site revealed the following.

Upon notification of the sighting of a UFO in the general area, it was assigned the track designation of JB-129. During the active search for this UFO, six F-102 and one F-89 type aircraft were scrambled under control of the Klamath Falls SAGE radar sites. Repeated passes were made by the interceptors between 40,000 and 12,000 feet. A T-33 Pacer aircraft and an R-19 helicopter conducted a low altitude search. In addition, a B-47 Strategic Air Command aircraft from Mountain Home Air Force Base, Idaho, was in the area. All the aircraft returned to bases with visual and radar negative results.

The radar return bearing track No. JB-129 on the Klamath Falls ground-controlled interception station was not an unidentified flying object. It was determined by the four senior controllers on duty during the period of the search that this radar return on the ground control scope was a radar echo from a gap filler antenna located on a mountain at the 8500-foot level. This radar return did not move during the entire period of the search. This has been further substantiated since 24 September 1959 on several occasions when a similar radar return appeared in the same location. A careful analysis reveals under specific atmospheric conditions a nonmoving radar echo from the gap filler antenna is reflected on the ground-controlled interception scope. The fact that this radar return did not move is in complete disagreement with ground observers who sighted the UFO visually. They all testified it maneuvered rapidly and at times hovered.

cc: COORD
COMEBACK 
SAPOT
-WRIGHT
```