The image does not contain any photographs, only text.

FRICK PARK AREA, PITTSBURGH, PENNSYLVANIA
15 September 1959

On 25 September 1959 the Pittsburgh police investigated a reported explosion on the Frick Park area. The explosion was investigated and found to be of some cause other than a bomb. During the investigation, the police discovered an unidentified object in the area of the reported explosion.

The object was round in shape, about 8 feet in diameter and had the outer rim colored a reddish-brown color. The object was supported approximately 15 feet above the ground below a red light. Attached to the side was a "U" bolt with two feet of angle iron. The object was twelve feet wide and appeared to be under control and was observed to descend to approximately three feet above the base.

During inspection of the object, attempts were made to open it without destroy; however, the object, which was a thin sheet of aluminum with the same general contour as described in the aluminum core, the skin was indented in a shoe-like manner.

a. Hilco Huntlite lantern battery container with switch.
b. Steel pipe (threaded both ends) 2 1/2" long and 1 3/4" diameter.
c. Eight ray-o-vac flashlight batteries (four in the battery container).
d. Two mercury switches.
e. Tiny atom 1/2000 horsepower electric motor (Wilson's of Cleveland).
f. Transformer (Federal Telephone and Radio Corporation, Boston, M. J.).

The battery housing, switches, electric motor and light built were all wired; however, the electric motor was not connected and seemed merely to be a part of the circuit.

In view of the relatively great weight, inaccessibility, overall lack of any productive functions, and findings that this object did not contain explosives, it is our conclusion that this object was not airborne at any time. An object taking off would, in all probability, have to be much lighter and contain propulsion equipment. Further investigation indicates that the explosion was the fault of leaking gas, and the light was from a street light outside the park.

It is the Air Force conclusion that this object and the explosion were all parts of an hoax. The red light flashing by ordinary switches and the whirring of the little electric motor were designed to create further mystery for the public.