There is no photograph present on this page of the document. The page contains a hand-drawn diagram instead. The OCR transcription of the text on the document is as follows:

-----

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning
of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[Hand-drawn diagram]

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. 

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand
and at about arm’s length?
(Circle One):                   a. Head of a pin           
                                 b. Pea
                                 c. Dime
                                 d. Nickel
                                 e. Quarter
                                 f. Half dollar                   
                                 g. Silver dollar             
                                 h. Baseball
                                 i. Grapefruit
                                 j. Basketball
                                 k. Other________                                                                                           

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.
                                  a. Certain
                                  b. Fairly certain
                                  c. Not very sure
                                  d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? 

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten note] 
Made of some sort of gas that turned brigher and then dimmed.

-----