The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book report, containing typewritten text.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the following output from the text in the document:

IN THE MATTER OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
By John C. Clark, Civilian Investigator

On 6 October 1959, at approximately 7:00 p.m., EDT, I received a telephone call from a person who identified himself as Mr. Thomas Johnson, of 1622 Walnut Street, Langley, Virginia, telephone number OT 2-3426. Mr. Johnson stated that he had observed a strange object in the sky about 6:45 p.m. that evening, and that the object was still in sight as he was calling.

Mr. Johnson stated that the object appeared to be about twice the size of a normal aircraft, and that it was hovering at an estimated altitude of 4,000 to 5,000 feet. He added that the object appeared to be elliptical in shape, and that it was giving off a brilliant white light, which seemed to pulsate at irregular intervals. 

Mr. Johnson further stated that the object made no sound, and that it did not appear to have any visible means of propulsion. He said that he had watched the object for about 20 minutes, and that during that time it had not moved from its original position. 

I immediately contacted the Operations Office at Langley Air Force Base, and informed the duty officer of Mr. Johnson's report. The duty officer stated that he would dispatch an aircraft to investigate the area, and that he would also notify the radar station to be on the alert for any unusual activity.

About 45 minutes later, the duty officer called me back and stated that the aircraft had made a thorough search of the area, but had been unable to locate the object described by Mr. Johnson. The radar station had also reported negative results.

I then called Mr. Johnson back and informed him of the results of the investigation. Mr. Johnson stated that he was disappointed, but that he was certain of what he had seen, and that he would continue to watch the sky for any further activity.

I have no further information on this incident.