There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The text of the document is as follows:

WAS informed that no aircraft was in his vicinity at that time.
The foregoing incidents related by the two United Air Lines pilots substantiated the man
details surrounding the Captain Peter Killin Report from New Jersey to Detroit, Michigan, non-stop, and the
trip from New Jersey to Detroit, Michigan, non-stop, and the
across Lake Erie on to Detroit. My flight was at 8500 feet. and I was flying by visual flight
rules and an occasional instrument. The time was roughly 9:20 P.M. when I observed these
blights off to my right, they were about the size of a basketball, moving faster than any jet
all the sky above that layer was absolutely clear. We had a visibility of about 100 miles.
Either were definitely U.S. Experimental Government Test Flights. Roughly about
around at 9:30 P.M., February 24, 1959. Roughly about 9:45, while I was having my dinner
like all pilots do once in awhile, I spotted one of my windows to the south, three
steak when I saw them, but I just watched awhile without saying anything. These three
up slightly and then started to diminish. Their color was from a yellow
to a green, and these three flights were in a horizontal position.
was impressed with the sighting of Orion but these I could not figure. I looked and saw both the
for the identification Orion. Orion was considerably higher but also, the objects were brighter and of a different color. The objects were not by any means close to the plane, but much farther away. A while keeping abreast of
the ship, which was traveling at 280-300 mph. Their position was maintained. However,
the third object. which was the last one in the line, occasionally disappeared somewhat.
Occasionally they speeded up quite a bit and pulled ahead to approximately 11:30 
o'clock to my position, and then they would slow down and draw back to approximately
almost 9:00 o'clock to my position again. I was not at all frightened when I first
noticed them, but after looking at them for awhile I sort of got used to the idea of
seeing the "as strange as anything could possibly be", and thinking that if they were trying to do something
to the plane, they would have done it. But in that I had seen nothing unusual before
back to dim again. During this period, occasionally the light would be extinguished com-
pleterly, and I would see only two of them and soon the light would come back again and there
would be three. Also, at times when the three would go out, there would be only two that could
still be seen.
It was difficult to tell the distance because, although they appeared to be like the apparent size of the moon, they were definitely higher than 1.000 feet. In fact, I estimated that they could have been around 10,000 feet. The observed an interstice that was nearly clear, and on occasions when the large object would blot out the smaller object, the smaller one would reappear again. This could mean the same thing happens to a person would have a light in the middle of a dark field at night. It would be possible
impossible for you to know just looking at the light if this light was 100 feet or 1,000 feet. In all my period of flying, I have never in my life seen anything even remotely resembling this. In fifteen years of flying, I have never encountered anything similar other than that.