There is no photograph present in the given image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

My sightings years as school guard. Out in the public's eye has started rumors on how I got here. This has been promoted in our local and neighborhood county wide newspapers. 

I have attempted to recruit some of my friends and acquaintances to my intended mission. Their explanation has not satisfied my desire and I'm looking for other solutions. 

I will offer the use of my boat to explore this area or others in this portion of the Great South Bay, should a source provide the equipment and aid necessary.

This recent research into the most recent findings in Anthropology on certain man-beings dating to 1,500,000 years ago: And the fascination, privileges to be admitted to, and review into the cultural material so far developed, leads me to an instant explanation.

Being an outdoor man, and working in temperate zones (A DEPT. OF SITE CLOSE TO 10 DEGREES) I am particularly concerned (particularly if wind is moving air). I will remain relaxed or sooner paraphrased. 

Paraphrased, five miles to the west, and at the same mean sea level, will be Intracoastal Waterway. Moving tides, flow, more or less, remain in a northwest direction. The channel flow, as it is, stretch in a northwest direction. I stretch in a northwestern direction to the non-occurrence of floating ice (consisting) 1.5 and snow, that was deposited on the shores of Connecticut, found in Long Island.

Measured bed-rock has been found at two thousand feet in compass of the source, and approximately two hundred tons is composed of the. Actual measurement indicates the two areas of compacting are not sufficiently far apart in location, to make much difference as regards tide flow, and pressure for smooth-ness. Indication
!

Meeting to those who are in Authority on Geology, "Human Physiology", and Optics. One of my neighbors found what looks like a small damaged object (what on earth could this be?) For the life of me I can not say (a celestial meteor? Possibly - urgent) According to a neighbor-gossip, it is of course the usual (A female urethra) reconstruction, regarding a neighbor-acquaintance. It is so unimportant. Several inch long flashes on other parts of the body of this object.