The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Extracting the text from the document:

SAUCER NEWS LETTER for FEBRUARY 21, 1959

DIES FORETLDS

ATOMIC BEAM PERFORMS BRAIN SURGERY ON RUSSIAN 

A Russian, age 28, was subjected to a new type of "brain surgery" by means of an atomic beam, according to a recent news report published In Italy. The patient was a young man of 34, suffering from a mental disturbance and exhibiting symptoms of a dangerous or criminal psychosis. After a pre-operative physical and psychological examination, the patient was given local anesthesia and an operation begun. Instead of the usual incision, a beam or ray was directed at certain areas of the brain. The operation took about two hours. The patient remained conscious throughout the procedure and reported no pain. He was discharged from the hospital after 10 days, completely cured of his mental disturbance. The operation apparently left no scar or external evidence. Some Russian scientists claim to have achieved this method of "bloodless brain surgery" through the use of atomic or nuclear beams, but little is known about it in the West. It ts not known whether or how this process would be applicable to the treatment of mental diseases in the United States.

FORCES EARLY DIAGNOSIS FOR MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS

T. EARLY DIAGNOSIS OF MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS:

The National Multiple Sclerosis Society, in the Journal of the American Medical Association, has
 pointed out that much valuable time is being lost in the diagnosis and treatment of this serious disease. Often the signs and symptoms of this disease are dismissed or misinterpreted in the early stages, resulting in delay of proper treatment. Some indications of the early stage of MS are fatigue, numbness, tingling, weakness or incoordination to one side of the body, loss of control of the bowel or bladder, and blurred or double vision. These symptoms may recur and disappear, only to reappear later. The Society believes that prompt recognition of these early signs and symptoms can lead to earlier diagnosis and treatment. If the disease is detected in its early stages, the patient has a much better chance of arresting or controlling the progress of the disease.

INSECT JUVENILE HORMONE FOUND TO DETERMINE SEXES

THE "JUVENILE HORMONE" that holds males and females in life-stage balance was used to prove that it determines the sex of certain insects. Dr. Carroll M. Williams of Harvard University said that when the hormone is "stolen" from immature insects, their sex can be reversed. This discovery may have far-reaching implications in the study and control of insects. The hormone, essential for most insects as they grow, is present in larvae and pupae but declines in adult life. Its withdrawal from young insects has been found to affect the sexual development of many species. The research indicates that the juvenile hormone is a key factor in determining whether an insect will develop into a male or female.

CARTOON SHOWS CARTER SNAKE CAN HARBOR SLEEPING SICKNESS VIRUS

A recent cartoon in the New England Journal of Medicine depicts a Carter snake coiled around a stick, with the comment that Carter snakes can harbor the sleeping sickness virus. The snake is shown to be the vector or carrier of the virus, which can be transmitted to man. Carter snakes have been found infected with the virus in some parts of the United States. The sleeping sickness, or encephalitis, can be a serious disease and the cartoon serves to warn the public about the dangers from these snakes in certain areas.