The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page of a Project Blue Book document from the Air Technical Intelligence Center of the United States Air Force, regarding a reported unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting in the Frick Park area of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on 15 September 1959.

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO: AFOTN-INTCL

SUBJECT: UFO, Frick Park Area, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, 15 September 1959

TO: SAFSJ-3d (Major Tacker)

1. On 15 September 1959, the Pittsburgh police investigated a reported explosion in the Frick Park area. The explosion was reported to have occurred about 10:30 PM. During the investigation, the police discovered an unidentified object in the area of the reported explosion. This object was found to consist of a shape similar to that of plastic, and had a metal cable attached to it with a 1 inch bolt. The object was subsequently turned over to the Department of the Air Force.

2. The Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center was notified of this report by the Air Defense Command Post received the message from AFOIN Indications Center.

3. In compliance with a telephone request from ATIC, Captain Trembley, as Chairman of the ATIC Evaluation Group, conducted a preliminary investigation and forwarded the object with his report to ATIC. Captain Trembley pointed out that he was unable to determine what the object was.

4. The object measured nine inches in diameter at the base and eleven inches in height. The body was of polyethylene plastic, yellow in color, three-sixteenth inch in thickness. It contained a thin stem or shaft protruding from the base which was attached to a steel cable with a 1 inch bolt. The weight of the object was alleged to be about the same as the object was burned.

5. Attempts were made to open the object without destroying it, but it was found to be impenetrable. Under the outer skin of plastic, the object was found to contain an inner skin or shell which was concentric in the aluminum was the following items: a light bulb, a switch, and some other items that could not be identified and appeared to be of a technical nature.