There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text only.

The text from the document is as follows:

The conduct of the program in the field (investigations) will still be the responsibility of the Air Force bases. At the bases it will devolve upon the intelligence function which will be responsible for these activities.

3. The advantages of this transfer are:

a. SAFOI is familiar with the Aerial Phenomena Program.
b. Reports will be evaluated immediately at the office responsible for public relations.
c. The reports which show promise of additional value, either from an intelligence and/or scientific viewpoint, will be forwarded to specialists cognizant for further evaluation. Those which contain evidence such as photos and ATIC and ARDC are required to handle would be cut to a minimum, allowing for more evaluation per report and consequently better analysis and evaluation.
d. The program will lose some of the aura of mystery which surrounds it under present operation.
e. ATIC will be free to apply man-hours, previously applied to the project, to other projects more beneficial to the Air Force.
f. ATIC prestige will lose the damaging effects which can be attributed to its association with the program so much in the public eye.
g. There are certain disadvantages associated with this change, the magnitude of which will decrease as the agencies concerned become familiar with the new method of operation.
i. The requirement for the office handling this program to establish rigid security measures for clearifying intelligence personnel and for processing classified intelligence.
b. It will be the responsibility of one individual not directly concerned with intelligence to determine which reports are of possible intelligence value.
c. Possibility of delay of reports with intelligence value getting into proper channels and the resulting delay of evaluation and dissemination of intelligence information.
d. The necessity for familiarizing sub-units of the Air Force with a new method of operating the Aerial Phenomena Program.

2