The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It seems to be a document page from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force study of unidentified flying objects. The text on the page discusses various topics related to the meeting of the UFO Panel on April 7, 1960. It covers topics such as the redirection of the program, the filling system, and a case of collecting evidence within the ATIC (Air Technical Intelligence Center). The document also discusses the US Air Force's handling of UFO sightings over the past 13 years.

MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD
SUBJECT: Meeting of UFO Panel, 7 April 1960

I. Discussion:
A. The following topics were discussed: Redirection of program, filling system, and a case of collecting evidence within the ATIC, Massachusetts.

B. For the past 13 years ATIC has coped with the intelligence and public relations problems presented by so-called UFOs. In the latter days of the 1940's there was some reason sorely to fulfill the demands of collecting and evaluating further the reported phenomena which would in any way affect national defense. This was, and has continued to be, the primary concern of ATIC in this respect. During the dozen or more years in which ATIC has been the recipient of a total of over 8000 reports, there has been no time at which the validity of some substantial proportion of the cases could not be proven by identification of common objects such as aircraft, balloons, etc., showed any hostile intent.

C. The conviction has grown on the part of the people directly concerned of the ATIC staff that UFO's have become commonplace. It has become routine to continue the type of "score-keeping" and monitoring of UFO sightings on the basis of hostile intent. This is not held to mean that our first look at UFO reports should not be to determine if they give evidence of possible threat to national security, for this is a primary concern but rather that this should not be the final step in cases which give further indication of having cosmic rather than hostile intent.

D. Furthermore, it is now clear that UFO activities are not confined to the United States, but considerable such activity has occurred in Israel, and certain other countries, and that even Russia is not without similar activities. Indeed, the panel understands that there are some Russian scientists who are giving careful attention to aerial phenomena, broader in general scope than UFO's, but nonetheless including what we normally hear called UFO's. In view of the many millions of dollars already spent by the United States Air Force on this subject, some other nations have become interested.