There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report containing text.

Outputting the text from the document:

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFCIN-4

SUBJECT: Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program

TO: AFCIN (Major General Walsh)

1. During December 1959, a study was conducted by AFCIN-4, ATIC, recommending the transfer of the Aerial Phenomena Program to the Air Research and Development Command. It was pointed out that 12 cases associated with this UFO program had failed to provide any value from the program that would be derived from exploitation of its scientific and technical potential to include intelligence and evaluation. The opinion was that the cases which give indication of possessing scientific and/or technical value were of limited scientific value. It is the opinion of ATIC that this data was valueless for intelligence exploitation because of its restricted scientific and technical content. Furthermore, if the cases which give indication of possessing scientific and/or technical value were to be exploited only, it was believed by this organization that the great majority of these cases which constitute only an interest case program would be eliminated.

2. This program could operate without the loss of its possible military and scientific value as follows:

a. The reports will by regulation be forwarded to SAFOI for initial classification and research. An officer with a technical background, and preferably with intelligence experience, will be assigned to this function. SAFOI will be charged with this responsibility and will report all cases which give indication of having possible intelligence value or scientific and technical possibilities to AFCIN and/or ARDC for further evaluation and/or exploitation.

b. Those reports which reach SAFOI which give indication of having possible intelligence value or scientific and technical possibilities will be forwarded to AFCIN and/or ARDC for further evaluation and/or exploitation.