The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States.

The text in the document is as follows:

DRAFT Ltr to Gen Walsh fr M/Gen Dougher
SUBJ: Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program

1. During December 1959, a study was conducted by AFCIN-4E, ATIC, recommending the transfer of the Aerial Phenomena Program to the Air Research and Development Command. It was pointed out that 12 years experience with the UFO program had failed to reveal any threat to national security, and that any value from the program would be derived from exploitation of its scientific and technical aspects. After review of the program, ARDC declined the transfer indicating the data available was not qualitative and therefore was of limited scientific value. It is the opinion of ATIC that the data available is limited qualitatively only because of the volume of UFO traffic required to be handled by this organization. If the cases which give indication of possessing scientific and/or technical value were to be exploited fully, it is believed that they would be of benefit to the USAP. It was further pointed out in the study, and by ARDC, that the great majority of these cases are valuable to the Air Force only as statistics and as they relate to the public relations aspects of the program. The Air Force must continue its responsibility for operation of this program; however, in view of the fact that this program, for the most part, deals with public relations, it is suggested that it be transferred to SAFOI. SAFOI is presently responsible for the public relations portion of the program and this transfer would only entail expansion of the branch within SAFOI responsible for this function.

2. This program could operate without the loss of its possible military and scientific value if conducted as follows:
a. The reports will be forwarded to SAFOI for initial evaluation and storage. An officer with a technical background, and preferably with intelligence experience, will be assigned to that branch of SAFOI charged with this responsibility and will conduct this initial evaluation.