The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document discussing the Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program to investigate UFO sightings.

In the person of Dr. J. Allen Hynek: The annual average for Dr. Hynek's services has been $2,000. In 1957, a statistical study of the program was performed by a civilian subcontractor. This study cost the Air Force approximately $2,000, which can be directly attributed to the UFO program.

There are several solutions to the problem of proper orientation of the UFO objects toward a ATIC and direct the major efforts toward these ends. Some solutions discussed involve performing analytical studies, detailed examinations, and interpreting visual sightings. The major advantage of this solution is that the program has been established to a higher mathematical and scientific level. This would require more stringent requirements to establish new lines of communication and/or increase the number of qualified scientific personnel. This solution would provide for a more detailed and comprehensive analysis of UFO reports and would increase the possibility of solutions to some operational and scientific problems.

Another solution is to transfer the UFO project from the intelligence community to another agency and establish a separate organization. This approach may allow a fresh approach by an organization which would not be burdened by preconceived notions and which could possibly take on a more positive attitude, and association with the scientific community. There are certain disadvantages to this solution which should be considered. There are certain advantages which could result from a separation of the UFO project from the intelligence community, such as new directives, and for the sub-divisions of the Air Force becoming familiar with the specific capabilities in this area.

This solution is one of the sub-divisions of WAFF - transfer the UFO project to one of the sub-divisions of WAFF. Responsibility for the full program could probably be accomplished by a sub-division of the Air Force. The project could be assumed by an existing division, or a new division could be activated, using Air Force personnel. Evaluation on the UFO program would best be conducted by WAFF. There are some disadvantages however, since certain directives would be required.