This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Here is the text from the document:

One of the first questions which comes to mind is, how did the local astronomy club become interested in these phenomena? When did your firm become interested in these phenomena?

In this particular case, I have been interested for about three years. The first time I learned about the matter was through the newspaper stating that there was going to be a meeting at night of the Cumberland Astronomical Society to discuss the sightings of strange objects in the sky. That was about three months ago.

Have you heard anything about the existence of these objects before three months?

No, I hadn't.

When did you become interested?

About three months ago, through the newspaper announcement of the meeting of the Cumberland Astronomical Society, which stated that they were going to discuss sightings of strange objects in the sky. That piqued my curiosity and I attended the meeting.

The Cumberland Astronomical Society is a community organization open to anyone interested in astronomy. We are now starting work on a four-inch telescope, which will be completed sometime this summer.

How long has this astronomical society been formed?

It was formed during the winter of 1958, so it has been in existence for about four months now.

Did you become interested in this matter at the time you heard about it from the newspaper announcement, or was there some previous interest on your part?

No, this was the first time I had heard of anything like this, and the newspaper announcement was what first interested me in the matter.

I notice in the papers that some people who live in the vicinity of Coburn have reported seeing strange things in the sky recently. Have you seen anything about 10 years?

No, I haven't heard anything about it prior to this year.

There have been people in Coburn who have been seeing something and I was wondering if you had heard anything unusual, anything which they were unable to explain.

Yes, I have been told by a few people in Coburn that there are people in Coburn who have been seeing unidentified flying objects. However, I personally have not seen anything unusual, and there is nothing which I can confirm from my own knowledge.

Thank you very much. That is all the information I need.