There is no photograph present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. The image appears to be a typewritten letter describing an unidentified flying object observation.

Gentlemen:

At between about 5:40 and 5:50 P.M., E.S.T., on Thursday, November 12, 1959, while on my way home from Adelphia College, Garden City, Long Island, I saw what possibly have been an unidentified flying object. The circumstances were as follows: I was walking down Cambridge Avenue, a street which leads south from the campus of Adelphia College, and while along this course of a golf course which adjoins Adelphia's campus - this golf course being to the east of Cambridge Avenue - about two blocks from where I first saw the object, I noticed a bright light in the sky, west-northwest of where I was (between the two buildings accompanying the rough map), I stopped for a moment to admire the starry night sky (it was already dusk) and there - close behind and to the no for use, unfortunately I do not remember if there was any moon, but I think there was could have been that the object or craft northeasc. As I continued to watch, the object or craft norththeast. As I continued to watch, the object was moving, steadily and rather rapidly in its course an irregularly waxing and waning, never very bright and never completely extinguished - oscillating or pulsating, as it were, with a bright bluish or perhaps even faintly greenish, point of light, which I observed to be slowly and considerably climbing. I was not quite certain on this point - I saw a faint of a dark form behind it. I watched it for about three or four minutes until it climbed to a high altitude and was lost to sight in the haziness above. The object made no noise, so I could not be sure whether the unknown made any sound r, climbing steadily and seemingly coming from the direction of the unknown, a gain which nothing has come, and which other strange phenomena were observed, there was no odor, no materials or objects fell or emanated from it, so far as I could tell.

After watching a few minutes - during which, so far as I could tell, no one else beside the object - I continued on my way home. About ten or fifteen minutes later - I live only a few blocks from the place of the sighting - I arrived home, and before going in and took one more last look at the ENE sky. I still saw it, irregularly changing in intensity, perhaps 109 degrees or 45 above the horizon. I then went in, and saw no more.

Yours truly, 
[Redacted] Garden City South, N. Y.

P.S. I would appreciate it if I could know whether anybody else saw what I saw, and just what it was that I saw.