The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text describing an incident involving unidentified flying objects (UFOs) sighted by American Airlines pilots on February 24, 1959 near Bradford, Pennsylvania.

The text of the document is as follows:

"Dear Mr. __,

This is to acknowledge your letter of 6 March 1959 concerning the American Airlines pilot's sighting of 24 February near Bradford, Pennsylvania. In addition, two United Airlines pilots saw unidentified flying objects in the same general geographical area.

The geographical area concerned is bordered on the north along the New York-Pennsylvania border (near Bradford, Pennsylvania) and Mean, New York) on the route of American Airlines Flight No. 335 originating Denver, Colo. and arriving Detroit, Michigan, at 10:52 P.M. On the south, this geographical area is bordered by the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania-Youngstown, Ohio locale over-flown by the United Airlines flights reporting this sighting.

The American Airlines pilot said 'sometimes the interval of the objects varied widely round the constellation of Orion.' This was initially identified as a possible solution by the Air Force in that the pilot's qualification was submitted but not yet been analyzed and that the findings of ATIC would later result in a considered analysis and evaluation of the written report to be submitted. The pilot's report also requested the desirability that he had witnessed a flight occurring.

Upon analysis and evaluation, this sighting turned out to be B-47 type aircraft accomplishing night refueling from KC-97 tankers. The American Airlines and Air Force records show that three B-47 type aircraft were in the geographical area mentioned above on the night refueling operation. This would appear to be one or more lights. The time duration of a similar operation wanders can last over an hour, depending on the type of operation. The KC-97 refueling a B-47 will fly at an altitude of approximately 17,000 feet at a ground speed of 210 knots). This would account for the sighting."