The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on Diplomat Hotel Stationary from the United States Air Force Office of Aerial Phenomena. The text of the letter is as follows:

COPY
DIPLOMAT HOTEL STATIONARY 
St Louis, 8, Missouri

United States Air Force
Office of Aerial Phenomena

Sir: It may be a little bit late in trying to say, I believe that, what, my brother in law says happened to him on August 15,1959, I am not sure it really happened, but whatever it was, I know will forget it the longest day I live. I say this because in this letter I am trying to tell you some of the details of his experience from what he told me, but I believe that no one will believe this story, as it sounds so fantastic. My brother-in-law has since about the 15th August been sick as a dog with the drugs the Drs have to pick up the medicines which is about 8 at night. And his brother in law and I had to go down to get into the car in the back seat as my brother in law was too sick to drive to O'Fallon, Mo. I wanted to go to the drug store to pick up the medicines which he had told me my father in law and brother in law to pick up. As my brother in law was laying in the back seat, going to O'Fallon, he told me that he had been told by the Dr. with the drugs he had that to get for her. Now this is exactly what taken place: That he had been told that to get upon the 15th of August, when directly north of him in the sky, he in go doing, we came upon the dub making the turn the car, he said suddenly there appeared to be some very, when directly south of the car, a large round object, spinning directly over us, at a speed thatshouldstop this very large weather balloon that would have been our first thought, that low and fast that type of flight as we seen, there was a deep humming sound, and the fact that we did not notice before but now as we were looking at the three objects (the one in the south, the one to the north and what seem tobe at least 5 others in a southwest direction, and was cut off in about 10-15 seconds, just leaving us standing there with our mouth open, not saying a word until it was cut off in a southwesterly direction, and was the last thing that little and the three of us stand there with our mouth open, not saying a word until it was cut off in our sight. The other two objects, I cannot recall what became of them, I know I was still after seeing this, looking up int he sky, but we can tell no one what we saw, But the three of us with the papers to see if anyone else saw the same, but we never mention a word to any one about what we did see. I wonder a lot did we really see, and do people really believe in seeing these things, at the speed and what I must say the change of direction this object made, I cannot force myself to believe what we 3 have just seen. Now some people not looking for publicity or any thing like that, write up. If you do you must not mention my name in this, cause any one would say it is so fantastic, I am sure if someone came up to me with this story, I would say it is fantastic, and there is nothing to it. We did gain something through bad publicity, but I am sure we three are some and brave men, as we really saw, We have never told even our families. You know you can confide in me.

Sincerely

Note: Drawing with added comment that "there was a humming sound in the air as the object disappeared".