The image contains a photograph of an old document, specifically a page from a Project Blue Book report. There is no photograph or image included within the document itself, only text describing the incident.

Here is the text from the document:

FRICK PARK AREA, PITTSBURGH, PENNSYLVANIA
15 September 1959

On 15 September 1959 the Pittsburgh police investigated a reported explosion in the Frick Park area of the city. The explosion was reported to have occurred on 9 July 1959. The investigating officer reported that the object was conically shaped, and the body was of polyethylene plastic, yellow in color. There was a circuit consisting of a light bulb, battery, and an antenna attached to it with 1/2" bolts. The weight of the object was twelve pounds.

During inspection of the object attempts were made to open it, but nothing was destroyed except a mercury switch which controlled the internal circuitry. The object appeared to be entirely free of moving parts and the wiring contained in the aluminum were the following items, all imbedded in a glue-like substance which was used to fill the interior:

a. Nickel metallic lantern battery container with switch.
b. Signal flare (chromium leads ends); 5 1/2" long and 1 3/4" diameter.
c. Light ray-o-vac flashlight batteries (four in the battery container).
d. Two mercury switches.
e. Tiny atom 1/200th horsepower electric motor (Wilson's of Cleveland).
f. Transformer (Cleveland Transformer Division, Boonton, N.J.).

The batteries, mercury switches, electric motor, and light bulb were all wired; however, the electric motor was not connected electrically to anything. The antenna and transformer were not a part of the circuit. 

Vision's or Cleveland, manufacturer of the tiny atom electric motor, when contacted concerning the motor indicated that their chief outlets were hobby shops. In view of the relatively great weight, fragsushtedly, overall lack of any productive function, and crudeness this object is ruled out as a device designed to collect information.

All evidence indicates that this object was not airborne at any time. An object containing a heavy cylindrical base would, upon falling, cause the sharp points of the base to dig into the ground, thereby indicating that this incident was the fact that the light bulb and 1/2" plastic cover were found intact.

It is the Air Force conclusion that this object and the explosion were all part of an incident, flashed by mercury switches, and the whining of the transformer was the result of the contacts of the several circuits being closed. Since this incident happened at the beginning of the school term, this was probably a prank or school experiment.