The image appears to contain a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which seems to be a questionnaire used for collecting information about unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings. The document does not contain any photographs, only text fields for the witness to fill out details about their sighting.

The text found in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that you furnish this personal information as their, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 4-24-50
2. Time of day: 11:45 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Clifton, Virginia State or Country
Additional remarks: Appeared to be a very bright light, hovering above the ground and then moved off rapidly. No sound was heard.
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. Minutes 5 Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember