The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

Migrated the matter was dropped from further consideration.

Mr. Hardy's letter to Mr. Hardy, Larry Gardner, in which he was mentioned was forwarded to this office. Since no further significant information was obtained by this office investigation, and it has been shown that Mr. Gardner's effort contained nothing sensational or unusual, I consider this case closed.

All of the issues raised in the report and other related correspondence were considered. It was one of the private investigations and not the official Project Blue Book investigation. We could not obtain evidence that would substantiate the claims made, nor is there anything to indicate that a positive conclusion could be made.

The final Washington development in the case under review by Kingsley. Deputy Director of Legislative Liaison, addressed to the Assistant Director of the Office of Legislative Liaison, concerned this office's further investigation into the Williamsburg incident as requested by Office of Legislative Liaison on May 16. He stated that no further action is required, as the initial report appears to be substantially accurate, and the committee had previously found no conclusive evidence to support sensational claims. However, it was noted that other members of the committee should now also be informed in order to have a common knowledge of the matter.

According to the situation that had evolved after questioning Capt. Schluephan, Capt. Huyssen had already arrived at the conclusion that the object was terrestrial, and it might have been a scrapyards 

OCR Output:

migrated: the matter was dropped from further consideration.

Mr. Hardy's letter to Mr. Hardy, Larry Gardner, in which he was mentioned was forwarded to this office. Since no further significant information was obtained by this office investigation, and it has been shown that Mr. Gardner's effort contained nothing sensational or unusual, I consider this case closed.

All of the issues raised in the report and other related correspondence were considered. It was one of the private investigations and not the official Project Blue Book investigation. We could not obtain evidence that would substantiate the claims made, nor is there anything to indicate that a positive conclusion could be made.

The final Washington development in the case under review by Kingsley, Deputy Director of Legislative Liaison, addressed to the Assistant Director of the Office of Legislative Liaison, concerned this office's further investigation into the Williamsburg incident as requested by Office of Legislative Liaison on May 16. He stated that no further action is required, as the initial report appears to be substantially accurate, and the committee had previously found no conclusive evidence to support sensational claims. However, it was noted that other members of the committee should now also be informed in order to have a common knowledge of the matter.

According to the situation that had evolved after questioning Capt. Schluephan, Capt. Huyssen had already arrived at the conclusion that the object was terrestrial, and it might have been a scrapyard.