The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

able to ascertain any size or shape. The altitude of the objects was 30 degrees above any horizon. During the investigation the Air Force determined that there were three B-47's in the air at the time. Killian's flight path during the sighting. These B-47's were 55 miles from the objects.
A check was made with the aircraft support systems (project office - Wright-Patterson AFB, A.C. electronic laboratory) The flight characteristics of the objects were described as more lights. The time duration of a refueling operation varies, can last well over an hour, depending upon the type of operation. Refueling would take approximately 17-20 minutes. 
"All evidence indicates that Captain Killian probably saw a B-47 refueling operation."
This letter purports to contain a complete and exact statement from Captain Killian. Unfortunately, certain portions of words or letters alleged statements were made illegible by white-out or black marking. Paragraphs three and four would definitely lead one to believe that Captain Killian was not familiar with the refueling operation. Comparing this with what Captain Killian stated (page 19) Obvious, the two statements are in direct contradiction.
The paragraph five of the above report states that Killian, while viewing the objects, was not able to ascertain any size or shape. However, Civilian Saucer Intelligence of New York City, in an interview with Captain Killian, quotes him as saying, "They appeared to be fifty to sixty feet in diameter." Again, refer to (Page 5) of this report where it will be noted that ANC (the airborne refueling controller) body for fuel transfer both civilian and military) had no distortions.
The complete text of this Air Force report bears the well-known remarks of Air Force distortion. Note that the Air Force officer issuing the report presumably Washington, D.C. The question is: Was the check made to determine the true characteristics of a jet refueling operation, or was it simply made to add authoritative embellishments to an otherwise unavailable explanation?