The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document discussing the "Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program" under the Air Force Chief of Staff (AFCIN).

The text in the document is as follows:

AFCIN-h
Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program

AFCIN (Major General Walsh)

1. The USAF has determined that the transfer of the Aerial Phenomena Program, formerly conducted by AFOIN-4h, ATIC, is necessary. The conducting of this program has resulted in considerable expense, and it has failed to reveal any threat to national security and has failed to provide any scientific or technical data of value to the Air Force.

2. AFOIN-4h has reviewed the program. AFOIN has declined the transfer indicating that the data available is limited quantitatively only because of the volume of the material on hand. No scientific/technical value were to be exploited fully. It is believed that a world be large yield to the Air Force only as statistics, and as they relate to the public relations aspects of the program. The data obtained during the course of this project, however, are valuable to the Air Force only as statistics and as they relate to the public relations aspects of the program.

3. In view of the fact that this program, for the most part, deals with public relations and no scientific or technical solution of value is involved, the continuation of this program and this transfer would only entail expansion of the public relations functions.

4. This program could operate without the loss of its possible military scientific value.

5. The reports will be regulation be forwarded to AFOPI for ground evaluation and action as required. No publicity will be solicited in connection with this transfer of responsibility and this initial availability. 

6. Those reports which reach AFOPI which give indication of having possible intelligence value, or of potential scientific and technical exploitation, will be identified and handled in a manner appropriate to this initial evaluation.