The image provided does not contain any photographs or images. It is a scanned document containing only text.

I will now proceed to act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and output all the text found in the document:

THE EVENING STAR
WASHINGTON, D. C.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1950
FLYING SAUCERS AND
OFFICIAL SECRECY
THE STORY BEHIND THE SECRET PROJECT
'BLUE BOOK' AIR FORCE INVESTIGATION
By EDWIN V. COBURN
In mid-January, 1950, the U. S. Air Force released to the public a partial list of 'flying saucer' sightings made in the past few years. The number of such sightings which had come under official scrutiny exceeded 1,000. This represented merely a fraction of the total number of sightings, as only a small percentage of the reports ever reached the Air Force for investigation.

Behind this official air of secrecy there lies a story of intense interest and deep concern on the part of the Air Force in these unidentified aerial objects. The story has as its setting the hush-hush Project 'Blue Book,' an Air Force investigation of 'flying saucers' which has been in operation for the past several years.

It is now possible to piece together the full story of this Air Force investigation and the philosophies, procedures and conclusions which have marked its progress. The Air Force has approached the problem of 'flying saucers' with a curious mixture of skepticism and diligence, secrecy and openness.

A careful study of the available information on the 'Blue Book' project indicates that the Air Force has been both impressed and puzzled by the number and consistency of the 'saucer' reports which have come to its attention. This does not mean that the Air Force has come to any definite conclusions about the nature and origin of these mysterious objects.

What it does mean is that the Air Force, while officially taking a 'show me' attitude toward reports of 'flying saucers,' nevertheless has made a serious and continuing effort to investigate the phenomenon. The Blue Book project, operating under the direction of the Air Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio, has examined hundreds of individual sightings and has arrived at some tentative - and in many cases conflicting - conclusions.

So great has been the flood of 'flying saucer' reports that the Air Force has felt compelled to maintain a special project to investigate them. At the peak of the 'flap' in 1952, the Air Force was receiving an average of 35 to 40 reports per month - a far cry from the handful of reports recorded in the early days of 1947.

Some of the reports have been so well documented and so puzzling that the Air Force has been forced to the conclusion that not all of the sightings can be dismissed as hallucinations, hoaxes or misidentifications of known objects.

This does not mean that the Air Force has decided that 'flying saucers' are interplanetary spaceships. Indeed, some of the more prosaic explanations offered for the phenomenon have been given serious consideration by the Blue Book project.

But the accumulated evidence is such that the Air Force cannot ignore the problem. So it continues to investigate each new 'saucer' report with the same diligence that it would apply to any other intelligence problem of potential military importance.