There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PALACIOS TEXAS 
Major: Lawrence J. Thacker 
USAF Executive Officer of Information Services 
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

Dear Major Thacker:-

After mailing the questionnarie on yesterdays mail I thought of aq situation that in my opinion is of vast importance in establishing the distance and size of the objects.
The size of which I from my observation (not being larger) when first seen was about one half the radius from the west/center of the radars pinpoint when in close co threem minutes. I wish I could give you the exact precise on time it had moved to point on distance of adjustment. These adjustments though I some two or three occurred, I came up with a formation.

In addition to the angular calculations from a given point on the earth, let us assume that we are on the star trained on a given point on the earth and noting the changes said point moved with the rotation of the earth which we know to be about 16-miles per minute.  The three minutes of time distance from point to point would indicate that star was first seen would be 48 to 50 miles from the center of the 1/2 radius train then the diameter of circular cluster would be 30 to 32 miles the projection would be about 1/92 miles or viewing point. 

On hand that is too much for me.  Let us assume the projection was only 20-30 miles then the distance of the formation was to much for me.
It seems to me this projection in miles degrees is to 20# to 30 miles and the object traveled say 21 degrees in 2 minutes or less the speed would be the ratio of 21/2 x 4000 = 42,000 miles per min.

Now let me quote from a ten verse poem I composed in 1946:

"There'll be new methods of flying not with our crude machines, 
O'ercoming gravity, the scientist will conquers;
It may be a chemist compound that gravity will repel,
Where for the unknown power we'll wait for time to tell."

Now let us change the last two lines to read:

"It may be an electric ray that gravity will weigh-nil; 
Then will all air-born craft be truly out of date."

Then assuming some super intelligent being way out in space has really accomplished the feat: A million Gs. would suffice no ill effects and a million Gs. would suffer no ill effects of acceleration.

Sincerely,

(Signature redacted)