The image contains a photograph labeled "CONFIDENTIAL REPORT "MOON-OBJECTS" PHOTOGRAPH". The text describes two theories about the flight of unidentified objects, noting that the left-hand group appears to be traveling towards Earth and the right-hand group is angling in nearly a straight line upward and away. The report provides additional data and computations related to the observed objects.

CONFIDENTIAL REPORT "MOON-OBJECTS" PHOTOGRAPH

Two theories have been advanced about the flight of the would-be objects.  One holds that the image we see shows two lines of objects,
the left-hand group angling in towards earth and traveling slightly downward, the right-hand group angling in nearly a straight line upward and away
from the camera.  
A more careful study of a similar holding photograph is necessary before a true recording of 54 objects, the left-hand group appeared to be
doing the same but with a more eccentric path and further away.
Considering the probibility of a temperarure inversion (which would seem to preclude this as answer?), the U. S. Air Weather Bureau was investigating
other possible causes for the appearance in the period during which the photograph was taken (the photograph was not mentioned).
Section of the Weather Bureau, U. S. Department of Commerce, applied
Section B-7 in following a graph of the altitude and position of the moon during the period in which the observations from a sounding
taken at Idlewild, New York, approximately 7:00 p.m. E.S.T. March 18,
Although some weather observation support the supposition, there were two
layers of extreme charcteristics in the lower levels.  There did exist
an inversion but the characteristic was considered very unusual.  Newark
Jersey. These weather observations taken at Newark Airport between 8:31
p.m. and 9:54 p.m. inclusive show generally overcart & temperature
of -900 feet.  The surface wind cloud cover at cloud
base was "overcast".  Our radiosondes balloons released around 7:00 p.m. would not be
equally from the west the Idlewild equipment would have blown out to sea
and if an unlucky wind had no visible impact.  The
radiosondes released at Buffalo and Pittsburgh could hardly have affected
any appreciable area to the observation at Newark if included they stayed aloft
Enclosed is additional data and computations which give estimates
of the area and possible signed of the object when experimental data-
images of the distance from the telescope are given in the table
showing the indication of probable sizes and distance ranging distance
the approximately 281,800 miles away.  This gives a estimate of the sizes of
objects in the arc and does not attempt to make into consideration
the size or length their dimensions or qualifies.

ABOUT THE MOON

The first quarter for March occurred the night before the exposure,
was made, or 17 March 1959.
The moon at 9:48 p.m. EST for the month of March (indicating
the distance at perigee and apogee as follows) according to Sky and Telescope.

Date      GMT       EST      Distance in Miles   Diameter
Apogee 14  9a        4a        281,800            29' 29"
Perigee 26 9a        4a        224,100            33' 03"