The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document can be transcribed as follows:

Tail light 30 degrees on each side. The lights also cover approximately 60 degrees in azimuth. The lights will be such that the Beacon Lighting Company indicated that same lighting equipment as used on a T-33 and that the Federal Aviation Agency had no restrictions on a T-33 aircraft. The lights will be operated by a 6-9.0v battery and will flash at a rate of roughly 30 flashes per minute.

2. Fire Control System installed in the F-102A is the MA-1 Fire Control System. This system has a maximum range of 20 miles and a maximum altitude of 60,000 feet, under ideal conditions.

3. Unusual objects activity in the area at the time of the sightings.

4. Shape, color, size and other characteristics of object as reported.

5. Position of major stars and prominent planets at time of sightings.

D. Analysis
1. ACRIN-HEL concludes that in all probability the radar readings were due to interference and not the actual sightings. The sightings were probably due to a ballooning effect caused by the combination of very cold temperature (28 degrees from MARCH-1958 to APRIL-1959) from APRIL-1958 to MARCH-1959 as the planet Venus was a few degrees below the horizon at a magnetic bearing of approximately 290 degrees. Refraction could have caused the planet Venus and its illumination to be distorted in various shapes, colors and apparent motions.

E. Conclusions
1. The radar readings were due to interference and not the actual sightings, and those interference phenomena were probably due to excessive activity of the northern lights (aurora).
2. The sightings were actually induced by the crews of the aircraft, probably the planet Venus, brought into view by diffraction and distorted by the alternate layers of warm and cold air. The planet's color and shape maintained the same relative position, and that this object's motion maintained its same relative position, and this object's relationship to the aircraft was considered by the Investigating Officer to be normal, with no substantive basis for unusual conclusions.