There does not appear to be any photograph present on this page of the Project Blue Book document. The image seems to contain only handwritten text.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

That was all it felt like to watch this. By the minuteness of the object being seen, I cannot find any true estimation of its size. If it was to me unknown size, I don't know whether it would be something small or something large - I cannot find out anything like that. 
Yes, there could be some connection between this, since it was found that the mountain was two miles away where the object has been seen. The natural question arises, is there anything else? I understand that you also found some other objects in various areas, with these same types of lights, whatever they are. I do not believe that there is any connection between this and those cases, with those lights being seen in various places. Do you believe that there is?
Yes, it would. The natural question arises, have they been seen before to feel up in the air? Similar to the way they have been seen floating in the air longer? 
As I best remember, the sightings have been made by people of Coburn. We don't know whether they were the sighters or not. There is so much going on down there, that I don't know what to believe. There doesn't seem to be much publicity on this so far.
Have you any further information on this, since all this newspaper publicity? 
Do they seem to be as frequent as they have been?
Not since all the publicity. There haven't been as many sightings. It seems that since we haven't had any sightings of unusual objects since all this, that indicated anything.
He said... I didn't hear a thing.
Anybody else? Do you want to comment at all, huh? Well, we might ask about any future objects that you might that you might have for investigating this thing further.
We plan to continue this until we leave. We will be leaving after this year to go to another college. We plan to continue this until then and probably discuss it further with the students at that college.
Do you plan to try to secure any additional equipment such as telescopes or cameras in order to get more definite coverage on this if anything further develops?