This page does not contain a photograph. Here is the OCR transcription of the text found in the document:

---

s The Hon. Dudley C. Shag!
Page two.

must have gone to the Secretary’s office, as required, than this detailed information must have been available to Major Tacker, the spokesman officially designated to inform the press and the public in regard to UFOs.

We realize this sighting occurred before you became Secretary of the Air Force. But we are sure that now, as Secretary, you will wish to investigate this release of misleading information, as contained in Major Tacker’s letter to NICAP dated Jan. 19, 1960.

Summing up, we believe the following points proved beyond any question:

1. The FAA observers’ Pagged glowing the OBO, its strange tongue of light or fire, the exhaust of flame from its base, its alternating hovering and rapid maneuvers, and its swift escape from the AF jets all combine to prove this object was not a balloon.

2. The official FAA statements prove that, contrary to the January 19th AP denial, the UFO was tracked for over 90 minutes by GCI radar operators, which the AF has in the past described as highly expert.

3. The AF was fully aware that its own and the FAA evidence proved this was some unknown device under intelligent control.

4. The spokesman in the Secretary's office deliberately gave NICAP a false answer, or was supplied a false answer by ATIC to be given to NICAP; further, that either the spokesman or ATIC, or both, were following a prescribed Air Force policy of hiding the facts from the public - a policy set by Air Force Headquarters or by a higher authority.

We respectfully request that we be informed why NICAP was given this misleading answer and if this represents a continuing AF policy. We also note that the latest AF “fact sheet” states that the 70 UFO reports in the last half of 1959 were dismissed with the label "insufficient Evidence.”’ We request that the AF reports in the Redmond case and in these other 69 cases be submitted to a special NICAP subcommittee for evaluation, the conclusions to be released to the press and newscasting media.

The subcommittees would include Capt. R. B. McLaughlin, USN, Navy guided missile authority, | ° President of the Association of American Engineers, Mejjor Dewey Fournét, USAFR, former Pentagon monitor of the Air Force UFO project, Luis Book, Col. R. J. Emerson, U.S. Army Reserve, head of Emerson Testing Laboratories, Cef George Anthony, Pan American Airways, and several engineers and scientists whose names will be available to you after receipt of the requested reports.