The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically a newspaper article titled "THREE-HOUR MYSTERY, ALL-NIGHT FOUL-UP" describing a reported UFO sighting incident.

OCR output of the text in the document:

THREE-HOUR MYSTERY, ALL-NIGHT FOUL-UP 

Things in Sky, and Everybody--But Everybody--in Act 

By GENE BROWN 
First Deputy Prosecuting Attorney,Kitsap County,Washington

Waking and blinking brilliant orange lights in the sky Tuesday night, Sheriff's deputies and policemen made a feverish, all-night chase of strange flying objects that seemed to defy the laws of physics. 

Larger than an airplane, the unidentified flying objects (UFOs) led the law force on a wild chase over the Puget Sound area that had them puzzled until dawn. Their description of the objects moving in the sky, sometimes hovering and sometimes accelerating, led Sheriff's officers to make the report that "there were several different objects." 

Everything that could be found in the sky seemed to be moving, observers reported, leaving the officers just about at the boiling point as they chased the brilliant lights and tried without success to identify them. 

One deputy stated that the things that were seen would not allow themselves to be photographed or otherwise identified. "They would apparently shut off their lights as soon as a car approached them," he said.

That Richard Randall, Navy public information officer at McChord field, was called and relieved to corve __ many military communications co__ to one in the office. Randall stated that several reports of the "strange lights" had been received by the McChord radar station, but none of the activities could be confirmed on their screens.

"They seem to be real, not imagination or hallucination," the deputy said. "We saw them with our own eyes and they were very brilliant and very strange."

Colonel Richard Ryder, commanding officer at McChord, said that the information received indicated that the objects were seen over the Olympia, Tacoma, Puyallup and Bremerton areas, as well as over Yakima and Bellingham at various times during the night. 

"They told us a similar story from various places," Sheriff Christopher said, "that the objects would be hovering, then accelerate at tremendous speed, then slow down and hover again." 

"We have notified all agencies that could be of assistance," Ryder said, "and we will attempt to get to the bottom of this."

Sheriff Christopher said that nothing was found on radar that could account for the sightings. 

"We have a lot of unexplained things," he said, "and we will continue to investigate them. The reports indicated that the objects were seen by a number of people and they were quite alarmed."

CIVIL DEFENSE headquarters said that calls are being received from people who have information to report. They are urging all local law enforcement agencies to continue their investigation.