The image contains what appears to be a grainy photograph of a long, cigar-shaped object with markings on it, that resembles a typical depiction of a "flying saucer" or unidentified flying object (UFO). The object is shown in what seems to be a cloudy sky.

Here is the text from the document:

---

NO CASE INFORMATION
SOURCE: FLYING SAUCER REVIEW 
Jul-Aug., Volume 10, No. 4 
2 Jul 59
Vienna

This photograph, the original of which is in colour, was submitted to us by Miss Dora Bauer. It was taken by Franz Hlawa of Vienna towards the end of July 1959. The location was Monte Rosa in Switzerland and the picture was taken at a height of 3,400 metres. Nobody in the party saw the object; it appeared only on the film.

SUDDENLY, ahead and about thirty degrees to the left, there were bright flashes in several places, like the dazzle of a helio- airoship graph, I saw a dull grey-white oblong coming towards me. It seemed impossible, but I could have sworn that it was a airoship, nosing towards me like an an, anti aircraft. Except for a cloud or two, there was nothing else in the sky.  I looked around, sometimes catching a flash or a glint, and pain again to look at the airship I found that it had disappeared. I screwed up my eyes, unable to believe them, and twisted the seaplane this way and that, thinking that the airship must be hidden by a blind spot.  Dazzling flashes continued in four or five different places, but I still could not pick out any planes.  Then, out of some clouds to my right front, I saw another, or the same, airship advancing. I watched it intently, determined not to look away for a fraction of a second: I’d see what happened to this one, if I had to chase it.  It drew steadily closer, until perhaps a mile away, when suddenly it vanished.  Then it reappeared, close to where it had vanished: I watched with angry intentness.  It drew closer, and I could see the dull gleam of light on its nose and back.  It came on, but instead of increasing in size, it diminished as it approached.  When quite near it suddenly became its own ghost—once second I could see through it, and the next it had vanished.  I decided that it could only be a diminutive cloud, perfectly shaped like an airship and then dissolving, but it was uncanny that it should exactly resume the same shape after it had once vanished.  I turned towards the flashes, but those too, had vanished.  All this was many years before anyone spoke of flying saucers.  Whatever it was I saw, it seems to have been very much like what people have since claimed to be flying saucers."

From The Lonely Sea and the Sky, by Francis Chichester.  (Year of sighting, 1931)

27

---