There is no photograph present on this page.

Below is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```
SAFLL-1/R                     /bm/5733/cjs Apr 60
                              SAFLL 1234-35

                     29 APR 1960

Dear Mr. [redacted]

        This is in response to your inquiry of 21 April 1960 in behalf
of Mr. [redacted] concerning unidentified flying objects (UFO).

        On 25 March 1959 the Air Force informed the National
Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) of all the facts
and findings in connection with UFO sightings near Redmond, Oregon. I
talked with Mr. [redacted] [redacted] and expressed an interest. The Air Defense Technical
Intelligence Center (ADTC) account of this sighting fails to reveal
any evidence of radar tracking of the UFO or any success of the Air
Force interceptors.

        Upon notification of the sighting of an UFO in the general area,
it was assigned the track designation of JB-129. During the active
search for this UFO, six F-102 type aircraft and one F-89 type air-
craft were scrambled under control of Klamath Falls and Kebeo
radar sites. Expected passes were made by the interceptors between
40,000-foot and 12,000-foot level. A T-33 type aircraft and H-19
helicopter conducted a low altitude search. In addition, an F-47
Strategic Air Command aircraft from Mountain Home Air Force Base in
Idaho was in the area. All of the above returned to bases with
negative visual and radar results. The radar return bearing track
number JB-129 on the Klamath Falls ground-controlled interception
(GCI) station was not an unidentified flying object. It was deter-
mined by the four senior controllers on duty during the period of the
search that this radar return on the ground station scope was a tran-
sient front a gap filler antenna located on a mountain at the 8,100-
foot level. This radar return did not travel during the entire period
of the search. This has been further substantiated since 24 September
1959 on several occasions when a similar radar return appeared in the
same location. A careful check has shown that under specific atmos-
pheric conditions a strong radar echo from the gap filler antenna
is reflected on the GCI scope. The fact that this radar return did
not move is in complete agreement with ground observers who sighted
the UFO visually. They all testified it maneuvered rapidly and at
times hovered.

                                                TEAM D
                                                SAFQI
```