There is no photograph present on the page.

---

**OCR output:**

AIR FORCE CONTRADICTS 
FAA REPORT 
A new letter denying a Federal 
Aviation Agency (FAA) report that a 
UFO sighted last September 24 in 
Redmond, Oregon, was tracked by AF 
radar men, is being circulated by 
the Air Force. FAA observers had 
watched the rapidly maneuvering UFO 
and reported it to the Air Force. 
After AF radar confirmed the sight- 
ing on FAA call 158, jets were ham- 
mered in search of the object. The FAA 
logs state that AF radar was still 
tracking it at over 13,000 miles per 
hour, when it vanished, first from 
6000 to 54,000 feet. The new AF 
letter states that the G31 radar 
men were fooled by a blip from a 
stationary antenna on a nearby hill- 
top which "was promptly identified 
as not being the erratic moving UFO." 
New information obtained by NICAP 
confirms the original FAA reports. 

The Air Force letter was released 
following a NICAP letter to FAA 
Secretary Dudley Sharp asking for 
an explanation of the disparity in 
statements, and enclosing copies of 
the FAA report. Instead of secning 
replies from the regular UFO inves- 
tigation cad starting up the now 
such a man dam! fog, but denying 
the he and tamn't Amer. 

NO public UM FO to Saga 
resagaan basing given thorough car- 
erbotvmion V it of wichesouth 

The FAA is subjected as the confirmed ash of the which will
facilitates 

the tau full FAA reports, the AF said: "Captain W Kessooc, Flight neces- 
tor for the FAA in this area, and 
Mr. Logan, FAA Communications Specialist 
Disques Techician, were 
itrate as portion in his statement 
that the FAA altraer was indskuted 
and planes provided radar stage fo' 
blips chased on an active search for 
the UFO; and, secondly, that a B-47 
bomber and two F-102 fighters were 
launched in search for MIG men 
inactivity incoman for signs of noer 
* The Additional was said 
to believe that is object was more 
of our sitting subject. 

Apparently it was, indicating a flood 
of Occurious daily while next press 
story flying. The autumn crop' ugges 
inky cavaged an earlier FAA report 
k'e themors areas classified on. 

which NICAP said had been suppress- 
t And comply considered as horn- 
bases statements: 

January 1980 
RECENT SIGHTINGS 1980 
Redmond, Oregon, 24 September - Au- 
thorities checked on reports of an object 
sighted by many over this central Oregon 
town. Patrolman Robert Dickerson first 
saw the object which be said camo to 
within 200 feet of the ground and moved 
from side to side. He called Redmond 
Airport and notified Laverne Wertz at 
the control tower who also sighted the 
object, and according to a UPI report 
in the San Francisco News-Call Bulletin, 
Wertz described it as round and flat; 
both he and he patrolman said it glowed 
in colors of pale green, yellow and red 
and at times shot long blue burst of 
flame. They claimed that it hovered over 
the area for at least an hour. Wertz also 
told the press that the Seattle FAA au- 
thorities told him the object was observed 
on a radar screen for about two hours 
at altitudes of 6000 to 54,000 feet, and 
that jet interceptors dispatched from 
Portland Air base failed to catch the 
object which vanished in clouds at about 
14,000 feet. Wert also quoted FAA auth- 
orities as informing him that the report 
was sent to Hamilton AFB, California 
for investigation.

(1) An active GCI (Ground Control 
Intercept) radar site had suddenly 
been fooled by a blip from a fixed 
antenna, had "promptly identified" 
A thus "Back, apparently had not 

lie and to explain this to the FAA 
(bother non ! liar). 

(2) The moving rada targets 
formed Ho no ets been seen visual by because "they all test- 
lied as maneuvering rapidly and at 
finds hovered," the AF said.

---