The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a newspaper article with text describing the successful test flights of the "Big 3" missiles - Atlas, Thor, and Jupiter - by the United States during this time period. The article discusses the power and range of these missile systems and their potential use in operations and strategic deterrence.

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1959

'Big 3' Missiles
Do Well In Tests
Atlas, Thor, Jupiter Demonstrate
U.S. Superiority Equal In IBM Field
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla., Nov. 5-(AP)- The big
three of U.S. missiles - Atlas, Thor and Jupiter - effec-
tively demonstrated this nation's rocket retaliatory power
in the past two days.

The "New Type Snark" 
Gets Test Run

CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla.
Nov. 4-(AP)- A new type jet-
propelled unmanned missile,
the "Snark," was given its
first test here at the Atlantic
Missile Range. The missile
rocketed off its launching
pad at full speed, went
through a successful program
of maneuvers and landed at
a pre-determined target area
on Ascension Island. The
"Snark" flew for over 1,000
miles in its test run. It
reached full operational speed
and its launching and reac-
tion time were highly satis-
factory. The "Snark" is a long-
range intercontinental missile
in its programmed flight, it
covers over 5,000 miles. Offi-
cials say it will be included
in the operational deterrent
force of the US. It is being
developed by the Northrop
Corporation.

SUCCESSFUL flights are now
being made of the so-called "Big
3" intercontinental ballistic
missiles - the Atlas, Thor and
Jupiter. They have demonstrated
their power and range in recent
high-altitude flights. 

The United States has declared
all three operational, and their
production is being accelerated
to improve their accuracy and
reliability.

Platforms for launching the
"Big 3" missiles are poised on
bases across the nation and
abroad. Jupiter missiles have
been placed in Turkey, and
Thor missiles are stationed in
the Western United States. The
rnissile range of 5,000 miles.
Along with these deployments,
the Army's three Jupiter squad-
rons are scheduled for Sicily,
one is Turkey. Each squadron
has 15 of the deadly weapons.

Although many U.S. officials
are confident the nation's rising
missile program is more
advanced than Russia's, they
believe the two countries are 
now about equal in the ballistic
misile field.