The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document.

REPLY TO: ACTN OF: AFOTN (Major General Walsh)
SUBJECT: Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program
TO: SAFOI (Major General A. H. Luehman)

1. In the fall of 1947, the USAF took official notice of reports of unidentified flying objects. Responsibility for the UFO program was assigned to the Air Technical Intelligence Center (ATIC) at Wright-Patterson AFB.

2. The project, as established, was to determine if UFO's were real, the possibility of scientific value, and to determine the nature of each of these objects. After 12 years and more than 12,000 reports, the Air Force has not discovered any evidence that UFO's are inimical or pose a security threat in any way.

3. Inasmuch as the scientific and public relations aspects of the program seem to have received more attention than the technical problems involved, and since experience during the past 12 years has indicated that the program does not warrant more expenditure of money, personnel, and effort, this memorandum sets forth that the Air Technical Intelligence has become of little or no value to the USAF. The USAF may opinion that the aerial phenomena project should be assigned to another agency.

4. To prevent the loss of valuable information, intelligence, scientific and technical data gained during the 12 year project, it is assigned to the Foreign Technology Division of AFCIN. All ATIC reports, files and accumulated data will be transferred to this branch of SAFOI which becomes responsible for the program. All reports advisable have indication of value in other intelligence programs will be passed to appropriate agencies and/or exploitation. The officer presently conducting the program for ATIC is available for transfer along with the project. This officer is Lieutenant Edward J. Ruppelt.

5. It is suggested that Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Astrophysicist and Director of the Observatory at Northwestern University, be retained as consultant to this project.