There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Text Output:

IN FO ONLY
DRY SHORE, T.T., N.Y.,  (7 YR OLD CHILD)
MARCH 30, 1959

National Aeronautics and Space Administration,
Space Administration Division,
Washington, D.C.

Object that I witnessed over seven years ago, recorded
in writing and description for the Science Division - (Blue Book). This is a night scene - in a field, and white chalk drawing of unknown craft. Dimensions given to Administration (Air Force Intelligence), (Science and Technical Publications). Would be interested in such a (   ).

This craft-ship swooped and left bank. To a stationary observer it would have appeared to come suddenly upwards from the ground - hover - and then swoop away. It was pulled down by gravity - not landed normally. It could make 90 degree turns with absolute silence - and left a cloud - natural cloud - its brightness was of a (few seconds).

Its height when passing overhead was less than the flight path of a light plane. It was absolutely silent - two thousand feet up - no sound at all. The average for that time of evening - temperature was normal.

It was a stationary point of insignification, and disappearance - but I described it seen before the sighting, and thousands of others have. It's top has been recently capped (Spring) now turning a silver (night time), and being filmed unidentified objects back in 1947.

It's a continuation from this station water and pipe at LY. At the time of this incident and, thousands more the air and water would take it's own action. It would go to the west (from it in the winter) and at times have developed the normal cold front wind used to spin water before capping).

What your observation enlightens us, on our own doubts, that flight and left bank into a stationary point, or point off say - many point. Paradox: a half mile off shore (the line falline).

At the time of this unusual sighting, was the "IMPRESSION" of listening to something in the distance (a beacon - glows)?

Answers past seven years I have designed, and fabricated twenty-three foot inboard sport fisherman all season, display - point gasoline model (one unit - design) with features to equip. Hydro-point gasoline, one unit - design with features to equip. Hydro-point gasometers, one unit-design, with features to equip.

Little "Mr. Ed" and brokers had been distributed throughout our (company) operation - known as Carnegie-Texaco. To permit open competition of design.