The image contains no photographs; it's a scanned page of a typed document.

Here's the full text from the document:

```
RDA/AFOIN
Wright-Patterson, Ohio
2/6/59

ATIO,
Wright-Patterson, Ohio

Dear Sirs,

In a renewed attempt to secure factual information concerning
UFO's in general and, in particular, information concerning the
Olden Moore sighting of a UFO landing near Plumbers and Montville,
Ohio, Nov. 6, 1957, I am following General Ron's suggestion that
I again write your office. I do this reluctantly, as I have
found the ATIC reports advising me as "I've another deliberate "fast-
hoodwink" to those who ask factual questions concerning UFO's.

You have received MY reports on the case as well as many other reports.
You know that the DOT & CAD report has been released. You know
that the sighting was broadcast over television, radio, and the press.
You know that even Flying Saucers gave a fair report of the case in
the September text. Flying Wheels! It and the Seventh-Lane mystery. In
TOO, you know that dozens of government agents were on the landing
spot soon after the craft landed, as reported by Olden Moore.

I mention these facts as I do not wish to be embarrassed by Herr
Goebels-like statements that - you all know nothing about the Olden
Moore 51-sighting or, that the facts are too sketchy!

Specifically, how do you explain the foot or shoe prints and the
deep markings left by the craft and its occupants? More important,
what caused the craft to leave a high degree of radioactivity?

This latter and most important question is most important as a
right of mine (among others) lies to men physically suffering for a long
period of Tine after viewing a UFO at close range and for any civilian
to consider it worthy of Answer a matter of civilian defense and
I consider it a thing of serious consideration.

Your answer to these questions can help me and others to help
our fellow men whom may still believe that UFO's are harmlessly
or who are deluded by your and others propaganda that they do
not exist.

Dr. Carl O. Jung, famed psychologist has stated, "If it is true
that the AAF (American Air Force) withholds telling facts
then one can only say this is the most psychologically and stupid
policy one could invent..." The public ought to be told the
truth."

Sirs, UFO's have inflicted a path and ravage to many Americans
Some of the stain and damage could have been avoided had service
been given the truth concerning UFO's. You can give the Americans
this truth if you can once imagine on telling Americans alone
I again ask for a specific answer to the specific questions in
paragraph four: Are you once again to this area, you which "answer
specify the specific government office and the specific persons
responsible for keeping the UFO truths from a former free people?

Sincerely
Dan R. Hinkjer
```