The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a project Blue Book report on "moon-objects".

Text from the document:

REPORT ON "MOON-OBJECTS" PHOTOGRAPH TAKEN BY 
New Jersey, U.S.A. All rights reserved. Case Report Two

On the evening of 13 March 1959, Wilson of 8 Myers Avenue, Lanville, N. J., took the first of a series of photographs of the moon. The telescope was a 3-¾ inch reflector telescope. Mr. Wilson has been interested in amateur astronomy for some years, and his ability to observe celestial phenomena made him notice that the moon on this night showed some strange appearance. The moon was not just glowing or giving normal illumination - it had upon it a number of darkish spots or patches which seemed as if something was actually on the surface of the moon, perhaps the manifestation of some type of activity. The lunar observers and astronomers have been puzzled by many such phenomena both as a hobby and as a means of checking his equipment. The present book author ascertained that the scope in use by many photographers and astronomers.

Mr. Wilson is a professional photographer and laboratory technician. He has made a habit of taking a telescope to his back yard on good nights to photograph the moon. On this evening, he had a group of neighbors examine the moon in the scope. Everyone was amazed at the dark spots or patches on the moon's surface, and they are quite certain that they had not seen anything like this before on the moon. They were all taken with a Super Graphic "B" Camera with an exposure of about 1/25th sec. The telescope is approximately 3-½ power, 48 inch focal length. An object of about 0.5 of a mile was picked up clearly in the image. 

Mr. Wilson sighted his telescope and camera, snapped the first view on the motion, succeeded in making it virtually impossible to get a double exposure; the second, third and fourth series photo were taken at 15-second intervals. The telescope, so he explains, was focused on the moon and he depressed the shutter when the moon's image had reached the precise middle of the field. The next photos.

When Mr. Wilson developed the roll of film with type EKGA developed, the negatives clearly showed a number of strange geometric objects in the field of exposure. These proved to be saucer-like objects in a metallic, silvery-white color, reflecting light in a particularly brilliant manner. The objects, with varying sides and size, seemed to be arranged in the same direction.

The images generally fall into two groups: the left-hand one of 15 objects larger, apparently closer to the camera, and further departure from the telescope. The moon is not quite in focus and it has been assumed that the telescope was focused that short upon the objects although it is difficult to tell, the image of the strange objects seem to be in near-perfect focus. Because of the short-exposure nature of the photographs, it was other objects on the film clearly pictured. There are no other extraneous unusual objects on the film with the same equipment. The film was not seen by unusual or experienced UFO investigators, and objects of this kind have been photographed on film with the same equipment. They were not seen visually.

Mr. Wilson, the photo technician and master astronomer who notified us, explained that the negatives showed both clearer images of the moon's surface and these strange geometric shaped objects. The telescope has a large dew-cap to overcome reflections and outside light. The photos are taken with the camera lens held against the eyepiece of the telescope. The film was rigorously studied under magnification. The images again show some dust-spots, scratches, or other irregularities on the film itself.