The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book UFO report archive.

UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
AUSTRALIA
1,403,022
PAGE 2 OF 15 PAGES

The following text is produced from the OCR of the document:

1. Following is a report prepared by The Victorian Flying Saucer Research Society:

The Reverend ___ and Vicinity, Papua New Guinea, 1959.
A. Introduction to the Hoianai Reports: The reports described in this document pertain to scientific UFO activity reported to civilian investigators in the entire history of UFO research. These sightings are the first time, credible witnesses have reported the presence of humanoid beings associated with UFO's.
One important aspect of the Hoianai sightings that emerges clearly from the VSRS investigation is that they were observed closely by the witnesses for a total period of some 9 hours; accordingly the reports should be examined thoroughly for clues as to the nature and origin of the craft, and for possible points of correlation with other credible reports.

b. Biographical Details of The Principal Witness: ___, Aged 31, Educated The University of Grammar School, Melbourne and St. Francis College, Brisbane. In Religious Teacher, A qualified teacher, he completed over eight years of service as a missionary in New Guinea.

c. Reliability of the Witness: VSRS investigators found him at all times co-operative and obviously deeply interested in UFO's and the implications of their presence. Judged to be intelligent, scholarly, detachment and his objectivity is evident in reading the report which follows. His conclusions reached as to the origin or precise nature of the UFO's - at least, until he has had an opportunity to examine further research results - remain somewhat guarded.

d. The Corroborative Witnesses: These numbered up to a total of 38 persons during the period in which the original statement examined by VSRS investigators. The witnesses were all Papuan natives, several of whom were conducted as uneducated and medical assistants.

e. Background to the Principal Sightings: The Hoianai sightings climaxed a series of other less remarkable sightings of UTO's at that location during the preceding 6 months. UFO's were observed by both Papuan natives and European & American missionaries, and had totally perturbed the natives relatively uninfluenced by western civilization and quite ignorant of flying saucers.

f. Types of UFO Sighted at Hoianai and Range of Aerodynamic Performance:
(1) Types: Large, manned craft with elaborate superstructure and smaller apparently remotely controlled units or miniature craft.
(2) Performance: Hovering, pendulum swinging, tremendous speeds of the manned UFO observed on June 27th were seen to cross the bay at Hoianai (approximately 30 miles wide) in less than a second. Even all-jet fighters would be unable to maintain controlled flight at such speeds reported. The colors and light intensity are especially interesting.