The image contains a photograph of a map showing the positions of various stars and planets in the night sky. The map includes labels for the different celestial bodies and their positions relative to each other.

ASTRONOMY

Venus Becomes Prominent

Mercury is also visible for a few days near March 12.
When the most favorable evening elongation for 1959 occurs, Venus will be in the wst after sunset and will be an eveing star. This will occur on March 12.

By JAMES STOKLEV

Spring is bringing animals to the northward, with birds migrating and flowers blooming, and soon the evening skies will be graced by the presence of Venus, which will be quite prominent for some time.

After the planets Mercury and Jupiter disappear from view, Venus will appear low in the west just after sunset, and it will be visible as a brilliant evening star. This will occur by around March 12, and the period of time when Venus will be prominent in the evening sky will last until early July.

Following the same course as the sun in the sky, Venus will travel northward day by day, and at the same time it will increase in brightness. In fact, by the time Venus reaches a position high in the sky, it will be much brighter than any other planet or any star, and there will be no mistaking its identity.

This year, as Venus reaches its maximum brightness, it will still be higher in the sky than most of the other planets. This position is known as the evening apparition of Venus, and it is the brightest and most prominent of all the planet apparitions.

The planet Venus, of course, has a very regular course in the sky, and its movements can be predicted with great accuracy. The brightest object in the sky after the sun and moon, Venus can easily be seen with the naked eye and is always an evening or morning star. Right now Venus is an evening star, and it will continue to grow brighter and move higher in the sky until early summer.

Following the course of the earth around the sun, Venus swings in a nearly circular orbit, and as a result it goes through phases similar to the moon, from a full disk to a thin crescent. However, as its position changes relative to the earth, the illuminated portion of the planet that we see becomes larger or smaller.

SYMBOLS FOR STARS IN ORDER OF BRIGHTNESS