The image does not contain any photographs or images. It is a page from a document that appears to be discussing a total solar eclipse occurring on October 2, 1959. The page contains detailed text describing the eclipse, including when and where it will be visible, as well as a star chart showing the positions of various celestial bodies around the time of the eclipse.

ASTRONOMY

TOTAL SOLAR ECLIPSE COMING

A total solar eclipse, taking place on Oct. 2, is a high-
light of the astronomical year. It will be visible in part of the
United States and Canada.

BY JAMES STOKLEY

THE MAIN FEATURE on the astronomical
program for October is the first total solar eclipse
visible in the United States and Canada since 1954
and the last until 1963. This eclipse will be total
only for a narrow strip of land extending from the
eastern shores of southern Alaska approximately from
eastern Canada to Florida. The belt of maximum
eclipse, where the moon completely blocks out the sun, will be
only about 60 miles wide.

But the eclipse will be visible as a partial one over a much
larger area, as the moon passes between the earth and sun. This
will be the case in the rest of Alaska, northern Canada, most of the
states, and southern parts of Canada. The eclipse will be seen in
eastern parts of the United States and in Maritime Provinces and
Newfoundland shortly after sunrise, as the eclipse begins. And in
the far western states, it will be visible as the eclipse is ending.

MANY PECULIAR effects are observed during a total eclipse. As
the moon's dark shadow sweeps across the earth, birds and other
animals may become confused, and even start going through their
nighttime routines. The sudden dark may cause some to think that
night is approaching and to take proper nighttime actions.

The air temperature drops several degrees, and there is a general
feeling of gloom and apprehension. For just as the eclipse reaches
its maximum, the sky becomes as dark as on a moonless night, ex-
cept for the glow of the sun's outer atmosphere, or corona, which
becomes visible. Around the edge, the "sunset" colors of the chromo-
sphere, the next layer below the corona, may also be glimpsed.

Stars and planets that are normally invisible in the daytime glare
of the sun can be seen quite plainly. Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter
and Saturn will be visible, as well as some of the brighter stars.

BUT THE CORONA is the main attraction. It is a halo of silvery-
white light surrounding the sun, at first mostly in the form of long
streamers, but toward the end of totality tending to become more
circular. Prominences, or flamelike projections from the sun's surface,
may be seen during the brief moments when the moon's shadow
covers the surface.

The whole phenomenon lasts less than 30 seconds in areas of
maximum eclipse. During the eclipse, the total area over which the
shadow sweeps is elongated from east to west. It is about 10,000
miles long and from 60 to 150 miles wide.

JUPITER AND SATURN, the two largest planet, will be visible
both before and after the eclipse. They are on the same side of the
sun, and Jupiter is the brighter of the two. Look for them rising in
the east about three hours before the sun.

Referring again to the total eclipse, it is important to caution that
one should never look directly at the sun, except during the brief
moments of totality, when the moon's shadow covers the sun's surface.
Even then, one should avoid looking, as the sun's light is still much
too bright. A total eclipse, however, offers an opportunity to observe
the sun's corona and other rare phenomena associated with solar
eclipses.

But when the total eclipse is over, the sun will gradually become
brighter and brighter, and will continue to shine in all its usual bright-
ness throughout the rest of the day.