There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document describing an unidentified flying object sighting.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

HEADQUARTERS
2500TH AIR BASE WING
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
MITCHELL AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK

REPLY TO
ATTENTION OF:

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Sighting

TO: ATIC
Wright-Patterson AFB
Ohio

1. The following information is furnished in reply to your message, AFCIN-4E4G-8-1592-E, dated 5 August 1959.

a. Attached is a statement prepared by Captain ___ describing the incident. This statement was made shortly after the incident occurred and was obtained from the Public Relations Department of American Airlines. It was felt that this statement would be more accurate since it was prepared when the incident was fresh in Captain ___ mind, rather than having him prepare a completely new statement at this time.

b. The following additional information was received by telephone interview with Captain ___. The flight had departed Newark and was on a direct course to Detroit. At approximately 10:45 hours, at a location approximately one-half way between the Youngstown OMNI and the Sandusky OMNI Flight Information Publication Enroute-Low Altitude) Captain ___ sighted three (3) lights at approximately nine o'clock to his aircraft. He was flying at 8500 feet in the clear above scattered cloud tops at 5500 feet. The top of the haze layer was at approximately 5500 feet. The pilot indicated that at his altitude it was clear and unlimited. The lights moved off his left wing moving from the nine o'clock to the eleven o'clock position and back as he proceeded Westbound on Victor 116 until he reached a position in the vicinity of the Angler Intersection (Angler Intersection located on Chart 17 of the USAF/USN Flight Information Publication Enroute-Low Altitude) where Victor 116 crosses Victor 5. In the vicinity of the Angler intersection the lights turned toward the South and disappeared. At approximately this same time Captain ___ started his let down for an approach to Detroit. During this period he noted that the lights were visible Captain ___ aircraft was on an approximate heading of 280 degrees. Immediately preceding the sighting Captain ___ was in the left seat and was having dinner.