There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PRICE PARK AREA, PITTSBURGH, PENNSYLVANIA
12 September 1959

On 12 September 1959 the Pittsburgh police investigated a reported explosion in the Price Park area of Pittsburgh. They discovered an unidentified object in the area of the reported explosion. The object contained a strange liquid substance, which had the odor of ether. This object was suspended above the ground about 1 1/2 feet.

The object was approximately 18 inches in diameter and was surrounded by a glowing substance which was described as looking like a "wet paint" glow. The object was attached to the side of a vertical post with a thin, steel pipe. This pipe was about 2 1/2 inches long and 1 3/4 inches in diameter.

The following equipment was found in association with this object:
a. Steel pipe (threaded both ends) 2 1/2" long and 1 3/4" diameter.
b. Flashlight-type batteries (four in the battery container).
c. Two mercury switches.
d. Tiny atom 1/2000 horsepower electric motor (Wilson's of Cleveland).
e. Transformer (General Telephone and Radio Corporation, Evanston, N.J.).

The battery-powered switches, electric light bulbs were all wired. However, the electric motor was not connected mechanically to anything. The Wilson's of Cleveland, manufacturers of the tiny atom electric motor, were contacted but could provide no further details.

In view of the relatively great weight, maneuverability, overall lack of any identifiable attachment to collect atmospheric data, this object was classified as a device designed to collect atmospheric data.

All components of this object were not airborne at any time. An object weighing twelve pounds would, upon falling, be an unreliable altitude variable. No evidence could be obtained of a power source within this object, although it appears that the light bulb and fragile plastic cover were found intact.

As to the Air Force conclusion that this object was a hoax and the explosion were all part of a practical joke, the Fed light, flashed by mercury switches, and the whirring of the mercury switches in the container were advanced to indicate that college students were responsible. This was based solely on a remark of college students.