Unfortunately, there is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Extracting the text from the document:

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for June 20, 1959

ENGINEERING
Largest Ball Bearing Measures 14 Feet

THE LARGEST precision ball bearing ever made weighs 13,000 pounds, measures 14 feet in diameter, and will support the largest turntables, gear boxes and other machinery.

It is a 5-row, 26-inch ball bearing designed for turbine generator foundations and will resist the tremendous loads involved.  This first of its kind bearing was built by the Kaydon Engineering Corporation, Grand Rapids, Mich.  Some of its different features make up the largest ball bearing ever built, the International Nickel Company, Inc., in New York, says.

The ball bearing was forged from chromium-molybdenum alloy steel, which has good hardness, toughness and impact resistance even at low temperatures.  The race and bearing sections were forged separately and then assembled.

The race diameter of 14 feet and a width of 14 inches are unusually large dimensions. Already a larger bearing is being designed - one with a 16-foot diameter.

Larger ball bearings will be needed.  As power-generating equipment grows in size, even larger bearings will be required.  Already a few 12-foot bearings are being designed.  Bearings for machines of 100 feet are probable in the future.

GENETICS
Computers Improve Study of Gene Mutation

COMPUTERS CAN HELP in the difficult study of gene changes, called mutations, which can result in inherited human defects. 

Computers have enabled scientists to make new discoveries about the effects of gene changes following exposure to radiation and certain chemicals.

We have reached a point now, where computers can help us detect subtle effects of gene mutations which hitherto could not be observed, says Dr. James V. Neel of the University of Michigan, and Dr. William L. Russell of the Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Newcomb of Atomic Energy Canada, Ltd.

Their studies show that low-level radiation may cause mutations in a population. By tracing the mutation rate, they are investigating the relationship of radiation, drugs, and chemicals to the inheritance of various types of genes. In this second way, the gene mutation method could also be invaluable for investigating damage from air pollution, from cancer-producing chemicals, and from other changes in our environment.

Our ignorance of the point represents a major obstacle in estimating the probable mutation rate, Dr. Newcomb told scientists at a symposium on hereditary diseases in Syracuse, N.Y.

Computers, by speeding up the tedious data processing, have helped scientists study subtle gene mutations and their causes more effectively.

PHYSIOLOGY
New Cortisone-Like Drug Cases Sunburn Discomforts

A NEW CORTISONE-LIKE drug has been found to be effective in relieving sun-produced skin irritation and inflammation, known as sunburn, in many persons who have had reactions to prolonged sun exposure.

The drug, called betamethasone, the Journal of the American Medical Association reports, was found to be effective in relieving the discomfort to many persons who have had sunburn reactions.

The doctors reported that the drug caused no side effects, such as those sometimes produced by cortisone. It should be used, however, only under a physician's supervision, since the drug does have some effect similar to cortisone.

SEA CUCUMBER May Be New Canned Food

A SEA CUCUMBER chowder may soon be coming to the nation's high-class restaurants and dinner tables. The sea cucumber looks like a cucumber, but has the texture of clams and the taste of scallops or shrimp. It lives on the sea floor, looks like a cucumber, and tastes quite delicious, scientists say.

In the search for new sources of protein-rich, low-cost foods, the U. S. Department of the Interior's Fish and Wildlife Service is exploring the possibilities of the sea cucumber as a commercial food product. They have found that the sea cucumber is a good source of protein, low in fat, and high in minerals. Work is now being done to determine best methods of processing, canning and marketing the sea cucumber.

After it is cleaned and eviscerated - by pulling off one or the other ends, spilling the insides - the sea cucumber may be canned, frozen, or dried and used as is to prepare gourmet seafood dishes.