The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C. 

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFGIK (Major General Walsh)

SUBJECT: Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program 

TO: SAFOI (Major General A. R. Luehtman)

1. In the fall of 1947, the USAF took official notice of reports of unidentified flying objects. Responsibility for the UFO project was assigned to the intelligence community.

2. The project, it was believed, was to determine if UFO's were hostile, had any possible scientific value, and to determine the nature and scope of these objects. After 12 years and more than 12,000 observed reports the project has yielded no evidence which would indicate that UFO's are inimical or pose a security threat in any way.

3. In the absence of evidence to indicate a possible security threat the scientific and public relations functions of the program are curtailed. Since the program's assignment to intelligence is no longer practical, experience indicates the same 12 years has only provided a few reports that may have intelligence and/or scientific and technical value to become lost in the volume of reports received over the years. It is my opinion that the aerial phenomena project should be assigned to SAFOI.

4. To prevent the loss of valuable information, intelligence, administrative and/or technical, it is suggested that an individual be assigned from SAFOI or AFOIN who will personally supervise the branch of SAFOI which becomes responsible for the program. All reports which have indication of value in the intelligence and/or scientific and technical field should be retained and exploitated. The officer presently conducting the project for AFGIK is available for transfer with the project. This officer is capable of performing the function spelled out in this paragraph.

5. It is suggested that Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Astrophysicist and Director of the Observatory at Northwestern University, be retained as a consultant on this program.