The image does not contain a photograph. Instead, it appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

TEXT OUTPUT:

UNCLASSIFIED
ORIGINATING AGENCY:	AIR ATTACHE, AUSTRALIA

1. 403,022	REPORT NO.:
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

PAGE 3 OF 15 PAGES

65. Evaluation of the Boinrai Sightings: It is submitted that the following propositions may be cited as established by these sightings:

(1) The Boinai sightings is psychologically stable. This is admittedly a subjective impression gained by investigators, but is supported by the behavior of principal witnesses reflecting a consideration of the witness's professional standing and training. The legion of corroborative witnesses supports supporting the credibility nature.

(2) The Boinai UFO's are not psychological phenomena. The undoubted psychological element present in some UFO sightings has been demonstrated by Jung in his recent treatise. However, the limits of operation of this factor would undoubtedly and it would appear arbitrary to relegate the Boinai sightings to its influence. The reader is especially referred to Father RAMEL's prefatory remarks within.

(3) The Boinai UFO's are demonstrably not electrical phenomena. Their characteristics and maneuvers suggest and confirm reasonably be attributed to any of the gamut of accustomed physical rationalizations.

(4) The Boinai UFO's are advanced craft, capable of a fantastic range of aerodynamic performances, propelled by humanoid beings.

(5) The Boinai sightings do not PROVE ipse facto that the UFO's are non-terrestrial in their origin. They indicate a strong LIKELIHOOD that they are.

(6) UFO researchers need no longer enquire as to the NATURE of the UFO's, but only as to their ORIGIN.

2. The above report was based on the following series of letters received by VPSB from Reverend M.T. Ostwald, Identified Flying Objects, Boinai, Territory of Papua and New Guinea: B.58, July 14, 1959.

Material continue to describe with fair accuracy what is thought to have been observed on a given occasion near Boinai by M.P.O.'T.
Main recordings were made on the evenings of June 21st, 26th and 27th.

a chief observer and sole recorder and reporter of the Boinai phenomena on those dates is the Reverend M.T. Ostwald, though his claims against any attempts to extract theories or explanations from the data should be rejected. The value (psychological) lies in their subjectiveness against what I hope is objective observational data, and the complete freedom of prejudice from overtones, the conviction being that the witnesses were highly observant persons who described accurately what they saw under natural phenomena lighting.

Consideration to the following possible factors however, cannot be overlooked:
a. Hallucination: Sketches in the body of the report may be figments of imagination or hallucination. Hallucination may have been experienced simultaneously by the 27 eyewitnesses on the sightings list.