The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

commercially - a total of about twenty-eight years. It couldn't have been an apparition because all five of us saw it the same way.

It had 38 passengers.- After I first noticed the object, I drew this to the attention of the other passengers and four or five cases came up, and the five of us actually sat there and watched them for quite awhile.

The passengers further muttering over in the back of the plane whether I should tell it to the passengers or not. I finally decided to. Before I did, I also told them I had only a cup of hot coffee with cream an also that there were no windows in the back of the plane. I could not distinguish any features or features in the windows on the left side. They aren't stars and no structures have been either like that. What do you think we saw with them to them.

There was only one passenger who was slightly apprehensive. I told him if there were any danger, I'm sure they would have done something before this. So what does one do? Occasionally they seemed to gather speed, but I obviously did not have enough speed to catch up with the objects, and I thought discretion was the better part of valor and remained on course. To enable the pilot to have a better look, I turned out the cabin lights and everyone watched the spectacle for the next 55 minutes. 

Unlike passenger VIP, the different passengers did not differ from the ordinary of average Americans. I can individuals regarding such objects has been sober or sane or telling the truth. Generally. though, you have to agree that was generally my reactions at the time. what we saw occasionally in patterns is things that I saw, did they belong to the Air Force? I'd like to say an airplane always has white lights, One is flaming light which almost resembled bomber, and the other is a white ball, the size of basketball, attached to the landing light or the tail-light, If it were really an aircraft, it would either flying higher or away from me, and in my event could not stay there for 35 or 40 minutes. 

Their uneven speed and unusual external brilliance proves they were a type of aircraft which is totally unknown to us. Their motion also was similar to an airplane. Occasionally also a red light, apparently lagging as if to let me catch up. The airplane was flying a constant course, I was behind. I considered th at they could be almost double the distance between the other two. I do not believe (the lights) were any natural phenomenon associated with this aircraft as traveling for 35 or 40 minutes. 

I had considered the possibility that the lights came from jet refuelling operations and suggested as much upon landing, when I was interviewed by the United Tinies. I find this scarcely credible, however, since jet fighters typically run at 450 to 600 miles per hour. I was going too slow for jets stay by my last wing for a long time. The other passengers were the minding position about the motion of the lights and there varying intensity. I had definitely refuelling operation but had made a check and there had been no such flights. I also notified other planes in the vicinity. When I was over Boise, Pennsylvania, I called on my company and explained the possibility, but believed the objects to be something else.