The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, specifically an "UFO ADVISORY PANEL MEETING" held on 25 May 1959. The document lists the attendees, introduces the purpose of the meeting, and discusses the information contained in a report. It also mentions some tentative suggestions made during the meeting, such as time line analysis and a presentation by a Dr. Robinson on correlating astronomical events with UFO sightings.

UFO ADVISORY PANEL MEETING
25 May 1959

Members - Dr. L. V. Robinson, AUIN-B, Astronomer 
Dr. Theodore V. Hiebert, AUIN-B, Public Relations
Dr. V. J. Himmelsbach, RUACD, Physicist
Colonel W. R. Clingerman, WODD/ARDC, Psychologist
Colonel J. Boyd Gaddis, DWAOPS, Chaplain
Major Robert J. Friend, AFOIN-4ME

Introduction:
The purpose of this meeting was to determine the type of information which should be used for corrections in briefing special report #11.

All members of the panel were present.

Discussion:
Major Friend opened the meeting with general background information on the negative and generally unspecific Report #11. It was explained to the panel that the information contained in the report was almost as pure statistical and that for the most part the information gained was negative in nature. The meeting was then opened to the members for discussion and comments. It was decided that a further examination of this area would be continued at the next meeting (Special Report #11). However, the following tentative suggestions were made and discussed by the panel:

Major File - Time line analysis after some major event which could possibly extract the number of UFO sightings. Frank Edwards is to give a presentation on Unidentified Flying Objects on 6 June 1959; at which time, Ohio and this was selected as our first event - if a consistent the criteria used in the analysis before there is an increase in the number of UFO reports, it would allow the Air Force to anticipate these surges and possibly take action.

Dr. Robinson - Suggested that predictable astronomical events (i.e. meteor showers) be correlated with the UFO sightings. In conclusion with this it was also suggested that periods of extreme cloudiness-these astronomical events could possibly not be observed.