The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, describing a UFO sighting over Caldwell, New Jersey on 3/18/59.

The text of the document is as follows:

UFO DEPT
The 1006th Air Intelligence Sq.
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Dayton, Ohio

Subject: UFO Sighting 3/18/59

Gentlemen:

The writer and other undersigned persons witnessed UFO activity over Caldwell, N.J. on described below 3/18/59. See attached photos. 

1. Objects were sighted at 8:40 PM EST on 3/18/59. Period observed was 10 min. During this time objects appeared to hover and degrees are estimated as indicated in sky overhead. Sky was cloudless with about 2/3 moon.

2. As position A the two objects appeared round and had a dull reddish glow. The objects maintained the same relative position shown as they traversed path overhead. At this point they stood out clearly against a star studded moonlit sky. There was no sound that could be associated with these objects.

3. At position B these objects still appeared round but did not display same glow.

4. Between position B & C the shape of the objects could no longer be distinguished as they became stationary. They reflected normal starlight (similar to that seen from Russian rockets casting reflected light (similar more intense). Finally, as objects went behind some trees they both were giving off a brilliant white light similar in intensity to the landing light of an aircraft during landing approach.

This writer is presenting this information as a matter of record for you, and as a matter of interest for himself and the undersigned observers. The writer is a graduate aeronautical engineer and has worked at NASA, Lockheed and Curtis Wright in flight test and aircraft performance analysis since 1952. He is therefore reasonably qualified to distinguish unusual aerial objects.

It would be greatly appreciated if you could give any information that might indicate what these objects were. Please contact the writer at the above address.

Very truly yours,
[Signature]
Writer
[Signature]
Observer