The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

II. Method of Operation.
A. The method of operating the UFO program has been generally the same since its birth: reporting, investigating, analyzing, and publishing each of these functions, and to what extent, that the program has changed.
As in reporting: the nearest Air Force or other government or military station or agency is notified of the sighting report. Some reports are forwarded directly to the Air Force by civil agencies or private individuals.
The investigations are conducted by the Air Base or station nearest the sighting, either directly or through a district field investigator. They are considered important cases the investigation, upon ATIC request, is conducted by the investigator organization. In some instances the investigation is conducted by the ATIC.
B. Monitoring the records and maintaining the records is the responsibility of the ATIC.
C. The program acts on the information pertaining to UFO's, which is for public consumption, is the responsibility of the Secretary of the Air Force.
D. The Program Policy:
1. The present efforts extended in the conduct of the UFO project are directed toward specific goals:
a. To exploit every means of acquiring the maximum possible intelligence and/or scientific information.
b. To establish a less defensive attitude which has been allowed to creep into the program's public relations philosophy (the attitude which allows subject matter to be controversial cannot be a space.
c. To inform the public that a specific program, such as the UFO project, exists and activities relating to it are essentially for national security. The USAF, in the conduct of its overall mission, will consider and analyze any phenomena that may affect the National Defense (sic) of the United States and those who are in a position to assist in the intelligence and/or scientific value will receive this added attention.
2. To help the general public towards a better understanding of the problem from the viewpoint of the problems through which many innocent people are duped by those who are using the UFO for personal gains by a program of public education.