The image appears to be a photograph of a UFO that was captured on February 6, 1959 near Boulder, Colorado. The document describes the UFO as a "fine large UFO" that "inserted itself into a photograph" taken by a witness. The UFO is described as a "white, luminous, roughly spherical object" that was a "typical flying saucer". The document also mentions that civilian saucer investigators in the area procured a copy of the photograph and sent it to NICAP (National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena) for evaluation. The witness initially did not assume they had photographed an UFO, but later realized the object was not something they had seen before in the sky over Boulder. The document provides further details about the witness's observations and analysis of the photograph.

Here is the text from the document:

An unusually fine large UFO inserted itself into a photograph taken on February 6, 1959, near Boulder, Colorado. The witness had spent the afternoon climbing on Flagstaff Mountain and, about 5:00 p.m., snapped a picture of the town of Boulder, to the southwest. Although he had seen nothing unusual in the sky at the time, a small black blob that printed as a white, luminous, roughly spherical object,--a typical flying saucer.

Civilian saucer investigators in the area procured a copy of the photograph and sent it to NICAP for evaluation. The witness himself did not immediately assume that he had photographed an interplanetary spacecraft hovering over the city of Boulder; instead, he showed the picture to a friend who was well acquainted with the geography of Boulder and Flagstaff Mountain. Dr. Menzel suggested that the blob of light could have been produced by some type of reflection: "The sun appears to have been pretty low at the time. Is there, in the approximate position of the blob, some haze with a fairly large window that could have been reflecting the sun?" Based on this explanation, the witness at first disregarded the photograph.

Not until the first week of May, however, was the witness able to report his observation and make the necessary tests. Using a copy of the photograph, he then realized that the Law Building of the University of Colorado stood in the picture occupied by the UFO and that the big double window of the Law Building was at the exact center. In May no reflection appeared, but from calculations he found that the position of the February photograph, when open at just the right tilt, would reflect the sun's image to the exact spot of the Flagstaff Mountain from which he had taken the picture. The image of the sun which he took the picture. The image of the sun which he took the picture. The image of the sun which he took had appalently been overcxposed; therefore, the image had spread on the film to create the large UFO. To confirm the hypothesis, the witness tried overprinting the negative so that the entire picture came out practically black, and with successively longer exposures the size of the bright UFO diminished. As he got it down to the smallest size on the blackest print, he could see the fuzzy outline of a window [s].