This page does not contain a photograph. 

Here is the OCR text:

```
Letter to Honorable Henry M. Jackson (Cont)

In view of the fact that the radar return on the Klamath Palls
scone wee promptly Identified as not being the erratic moving UFO, 
no UFO report was submitted by the Klamath Falls station or the 25th
Air Division, MeChord Air Force Base, Washington. Therefore, after
notification by the Federal Aviation Agency of this UFO, no mention
was made at that time of a radar Bighting, the report submitted by
Hamilton Air Force Basel California, to the Air Technical Intelligence
Center, stated the manner of observation was "ground visual." The re-
suiting analysis showed there vas insufficient data to allow a valid
evaluation or conclusion.

The Air Pores investigates all UFO sightings in meticulous detail
and all data available is used in the final revaluation. She investiga-
tion at the UFO phenomenon has been placed in responsible hands which
 Include civilian scientists and consultants and an adequate, thorough
 and honest program is being conducted.

The Air Force informed the National Investigations Committee on
 25 March 1960 of all the facts and findings in connection with t h e
particular UFO sighting. Charges that the Air Force is withholding
information from the public on the subject of unidentified flying ob-
jects are completely unfounded. For your information, there is in-
closed the latest Dapartment of Defense press release which clearly
states the Air Force position in regard to uruxientaied flying object
 sightings       .

I trust this information will assist you in preparing suitable
reply to M/s ____

            Sincerely yours,
Read: SAFLL 3 Apr w/sus 21 Apr 60             CARL M. NELSON
Fwded to SAPOT w/fw 21 Apr 1960               Colonel, USAF
P/L prep/fwdd 20 Apr 60 based on              Congressional Inquiry Division
memo fr SAFOT, dtd 19 Apr 60; Memo            Office of Legislative Liaison
tr Sen to SLO w/Incl

2 Incloeuree  1. Ltr fr con±tt to Ben; 2. DOD press release
Honorable Herxy M. Jackson
United States Senate
```