The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text and some diagrams.

20. Describe the path of the object: From the beginning of the path, a 6" or the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

I can give a very rapid motion is concerned, it was the object seemed to dart upwards toward the northern sky and other indistinct it turn and bank.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects: held in the hand

(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Nickel 
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.):
a. Very sure
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure 
d. Uncertain

23. How would you describe the speed of the object? Slow, fast, etc.

Extremely rapid and zigzagging.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you would entertain the possibility of what you would actually see or think was seen, if such a thing as a flying object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. Describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when seen would give about the same impression as the object you saw.

I believe the object which I saw was a meteor or a similar celestial phenomenon. The extremely rapid motion and twisting course of the object is characteristic of meteors entering the earth's atmosphere. Moreover, the object gave off no light, sound or smoke, and did not appear to be under any sort of control. Rather, it seemed to be traveling at tremendous speed under the influence of momentum and gravity alone. I have seen many meteors in the past, and the appearance and behavior of this object was quite typical of such celestial phenomena. I would describe it as a small, dark, rapidly moving object traversing the sky in an irregular path before disappearing from view. While it is possible that this was some sort of unidentified flying object, I believe the available evidence strongly suggests a natural, astronomical explanation.