This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which was a series of investigations into reported UFO sightings by the United States Air Force.

The text on the page appears to be a questionnaire or report form filled out by someone who reported a UFO sighting. The form includes questions and responses about the object observed, its size, shape, and motion, as well as the observer's impressions and description of the sighting.

The text produced by the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system is as follows:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any other changes in direction during the course.

From the elevation of the object it appears that it was stationary for a while and then moved up and down in the same position nearly in the same position. My friend was there and he saw the same things that I saw. I considere what I saw was a solid object it had considerable size. 

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand?
(Circle One): 
1. Head of a pin
2. Silver dollar
3. Dime
4. Nickel
5. Quarter
6. Half dollar
7. Other ______________

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22): 1. Not very sure   2. Fairly certain   3. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects appear in the sky, from your view?
Just a stationary oval shaped object just hovering over us. Seemed to move a little but didn't go too far distance.

24. In order that you can give us as good a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would you give it? What color or colors would you use and why would you give the object that particular appearance as to the visible shape and color?

I would construct it of some light metal like aluminum or alloy, as it appeared to be a solid substance of definite shape and size. The shape was like an oval or ellipse standing on end vertically. The color was a dull gray that blended in with the surrounding atmosphere and seemed to have no reflective qualities. The size might be 40 to 50 feet in diameter and 15 to 20 feet in height. It was shaped and colored so as to appear as inconspicuous as possible against the sky background.