The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a "Disposition Form" document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of UFO reports.

DISPOSITION FORM
FILE NO.
SUBJECT: (U) Report of Unidentified Aerial Phenomena
FROM (U): ATAE
TO: ATLAS
ATTN Capt Hardin

1. While on a trip to the Director of Intelligence in connection with Project Green Book, Lt. Col. Glassboak was requested by Lt Col Samford in Gen Samford's Office to proceed to Quantico Marine Base to investigate the report of flying saucers.

2. Photographic equipment was procured through Lt Col Tscher, Air Attache, and the command tower at the Marine Base Headquarters to evaluate the phenomena and if it was something explainable to give that to the Marine Corps. It was related to the press and it was something that could not be contributed to natural causes, the Marines were to be given a copy of the written report at a later date.

3. (3.1) (Classified) on 14 July 54 investigating a flyung object going to the Tank Park in the Guadarcanal Area and reporting to Maj Ferguson, Marine 323, that the following: At 1945 hours, a Marine corporal reported that the phenomena was reappearing again. (3.2) (Classified) and (Maj) Ferguson phenomenon custodialr and observed a flashing red light which appeared in the north and passed over the northwest section of the Danger Area in a southeasterly direction. It was radioly suspected that this was the Grimshaw Base on a commercial air liner. Maj Glassbrook could see both wing tip identification lights at one time, in addition to the Grimshaw Base. This information was given to Maj Ferguson and, at a later time, released to the press.

4. Attached is a copy of the press release which appeared in the 5 January 1954 edition of the Evening Star.

5. This information was relayed to Gen Samford's Office upon Maj Glassbrook's return to the Washington Area.

WILLIS R. LOEHR, Major, USAF
Acting Chief, Technical Services Division
Air Technical Intelligence Center