The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, possibly a report from Project Blue Book, with text written on it.

Extracted text:

The plane sighting was reported at Langley AFB, Va. on April 17, 1959. I began my investigation on April 17, 1959. I have obtained the following information from the files of the Air Force:
The object sighted was a bright light or light source that was observed at approximately 1500 hours on April 17, 1959 by several persons at Langley AFB, Va. The object was first observed low on the horizon to the north-northeast of the base. It then ascended rapidly to an estimated altitude of about 5,000 feet and moved in a southerly direction at a high rate of speed. The object was under observation for approximately 30 seconds. Several persons on the base, including experienced observers, were able to observe the object. Attempts to make visual contact by aircraft were unsuccessful. No airborne radar was able to detect the object.
The information as given by the officer in charge of the control tower at Langley AFB is as follows:
A technical sergeant and an airman first class were on duty in the control tower when the object was first observed. They immediately called the officer in charge who came to the tower and also observed the object. Several other personnel on the base also saw the object. The object was described as a bright light, brighter than any star, which appeared to be of circular or oval shape. It was under observation for approximately 30 seconds. During this time it rose rapidly from near the horizon to about 5,000 feet and moved off to the south at a very high rate of speed, faster than any aircraft the observers had seen. Several attempts were made to get aircraft airborne to intercept the object but without success. No radar contact could be made with the object.
Based on the information available, it appears that the object sighted was some type of unusual aerial phenomenon. The object did not behave in a manner characteristic of any known type of aircraft. The rapid ascent, high speed, and inability to track the object on radar would indicate that it was not a conventional aircraft. While the object could not be positively identified, the information available does not indicate that it was of extraterrestrial origin. The sighting is being filed as an unidentified aerial phenomenon.