The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document. It does not contain a photograph, but rather text describing the UFO program.

I. PROBLEM:
1. Examine the current unidentified flying objects program, as conducted by the United States Air Force structure.

II. FACTORS BEARING ON THE PROBLEM:
A. In 1947 the Air Force established a project whose purpose was to collect, evaluate, and distribute all information concerning sightings and phenomena in the atmosphere which could be construed to be of concern to the national security and which might represent technological or scientific developments foreign to our knowledge. This project, designated as Project Sign, was the first centralized effort of the Air Force to deal with unidentified flying object sightings brought to its attention. The Air Force has accumulated a considerable number of case histories of such sightings (DAS-A1). From this vast experience with UFOs, the Air Force has not had, as yet, any conclusive scientific evidence that the physical nature of these flying objects represents technological developments foreign to our present knowledge.

B. The UFO program, far from its original intent of determining the intelligence and scientific characteristics of these objects, has become more of a documentary project. This distortion of what was its basic objective is probably due to the fact that the Air Force is concerned more with containing the harmful effects of public alarm or panic which might result from knowledge which the members exploit unidentified flying objects for financial gain, or religious conviction, or other psychological reasons.

C. The UFO project requires manpower and resources which ATIC might use constructively on other urgent problems. ATIC presently has a staff of three people who work full time on the UFO project, and several others who meet the problems of this program on a day to day basis (TAB-C). Since the project has contributed no scientific data which warrant continuation of the activity, as a scientific consultant, I feel that it could be discontinued and its resources more effectively utilized.