There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text describing a UFO sighting.

OCR Output:
A similar sighting, which saucer enthusiasts have publicized as a brilliantly lighted UFO that appeared to hold a definite course, occurred at 3:22 a.m. on July 31, 1959. As over the North Pacific from Hawaii to the West Coast of the United States, it was reported that a mysterious bright object accompanied at its left by four smaller lights had appeared. This plane, at "unconventional speed," made a sharp turn and the pilot, who had never seen anything like it in all his years of flying, told the newspapers, "I'm a believer."

The official investigation began immediately. Four other commanding officers had reported seeing the object at the same time. In each case, the pilot stated that the objects seemed to head straight at his plane at a high speed on a collision course, then suddenly disappear. The various reports, however, showed significant disagreements. Some witnesses gave the color as white, some as orange-yellow. Of the several pilots, each gave a different degree of brilliancy and disappearance. The maneuvers were described as consisting of a big light surrounded by a cluster of six or seven smaller lights, the whole formation flying at the left, a big light followed by four smaller lights in the form of a rectangle formed by four smaller lights. Of the five pilots who reported official reports, one said the phenomenon was definitely not a meteor, and two did not venture an opinion. The pilots of several other flights on routes too far distant, they too had seen the object, but had not reported it. They assumed it to be a meteor.

After mapping and correlating all the observations, ATIC concluded that the object had pursued the course of July 31 route quickly and efficiently. The inference was that the object was a highly efficient piece of work, demonstrating some highly advanced science techniques in the field of aeronautics that are perfectly into the meteor pattern. Pointing to this list of distinguishing flying objects, some believe that these UFOs are actually space machines, which are now beginning to be so numerous and actual they can no longer be ignored.