The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text discussing a "Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program".

REPLY TO
ASTN OP (MAJOR GENERAL WALSH)
SUBJECT: Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program

TO: SAFOI (MAJOR GENERAL A. H. LUEHMAN)

1. Is the fall of 1957, the USAF took official notice of the public interest in unidentified flying objects. Responsibility for the USAF project on unidentified flying objects, as established, was to determine if UFO's were hostile, if any were scientifically valid, and to determine the causes of any that might be observational errors or hallucinations.

2. The project, as established, was to determine if UFO's were hostile, if any were scientifically valid, and to determine the causes of any that might be observational errors or hallucinations. Some 5000 reports were received annually, but the Air Force has not discovered any evidence which will lead to the conclusion that these reports reveal a threat in any way.

3. In the absence of evidence to indicate a possible security threat or lack of technical intelligence, it becomes obvious that with these few objectives gained the USAF project on unidentified flying objects is no longer needed. The project appears to be more a public relations program than an intelligence activity.

4. To prevent the loss of valuable information, intelligence, scientific, and/or technical, it is suggested that an individual with a technical background in astronomy and geology at the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory be recruited to this project to review the reports which have indication of value in the intelligence and/or scientific disciplines. The individual so selected should be thoroughly briefed in the procedures used by the ATIC to acquaint him with the information available for transfer along with the project. This will insure the continuity of the program.

5. It is suggested that Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Astrophysicist and Director of the Observatory at Northwestern University, be retained to assist in the review of the data and insure the continuity of the project.