The image does not contain any photographs or visual content. It appears to be a scanned text document from the Project Blue Book files.

Captain Hector Quintanilla Jr.
U.S. Air Force Base
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Captain Quintanilla:

Reading in the Sunday Oregon Journal this morning, reminds me of an incident that took place while I was hunting in eastern Oregon in October 1959. This cannot be of any interest to you, but I have to clean the garage out this morning. I thought that I would relay it first let me say that I have never seen a flying saucer. I am the manager of a department store, have a college education, as has my wife. I am not a lunatic, old, and am not a failure, so keep this under your hat.

In October 1959, the exact date escapes me at the present, but it was during the third or fourth week of October (could find out the exact date with some little hunting around). My wife, young son and daughter, and I went hunting with a rancher in eastern Oregon. The ranch was about 60 miles east of Enterprise, Oregon. We went hunting for antelope and is about 10 miles east of the little town of Antelope, Oregon. The children were all in bed, the wife was in the kitchen and the rancher and I were around the camp fire drinking coffee. 

It was about 1:00 a.m. and the moon was out and almost directly overhead. Broken cumulous clouds were in the sky, and they may have covered about one-fourth of the sky in broken patches. We were camped at about 5,000 feet and we estimate the clouds as being at about 15,000 to 20,000 feet. From our camp site which was in an open meadow we could see about 10 miles away to the south east as we watched, we could see that they were not stationary, but moving east. It seems they were not struck lightning since they were not glowing or pulsing, just one light in the sky. It came to within approx two or three miles of us taking a series of about fifty minutes to reach this spot. It then stayed in this spot for almost half an hour. We looked at it thru our rifles scope, and could see no hoir or noises, except a faint throbbing as a carbond arc light. We could see no wings, no portholes, and it did not pulse. At no time did we ever see anything but the bright light - we could not see anything around it except the night. The bright light was the third point of a line. Our camp was a pine tree approx 50 feet high and about 200 yards away. The light was the third. We could see enough of the tree by the moonlight so as we could see that the light did not move. After about 10 minutes of stationary, the light called about shooting at it we could see no object, just the light.

What happened at flying saucer? After the half hour in the angle of this light being at almost 35 degrees from the ground thru our line of sight with the tree, the light disappeared into the distance. The next morning as we were looking at the place where we saw the light, there seemed to be an indentation in the ground about 15 feet in diameter, and is as though something large and heavy had been there. We did not touch it after that, yet the clouds were not solid, and we should have had a glimpse of it somewhere in that light passed thru an angle of about 15 degrees in one and a half second! I would like to see something that could accelerate as fast as that light did. The light did not change except to get farther away, no noise, no trail, just the bright light. Was something at the landing place? About 1 1/2 acres of the grass was matted down, as if something large and heavy had been there.