The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report. It does not contain any visible photograph, only text.

STUDY BY ATIC-SID
FLYING OBJECTS 2 OCTOBER 1959 (BLUE BOOK)
PROBLEM:
To determine if the unidentified flying objects reported in this area would be beneficially classified as a project designed to determine if unidentified flying objects constitute a threat to the United States. This requires from the original intent, that the unidentified objects would be beneficially. This progres for from the original intent, has become an undue burden upon the United States reconnaissance, intelligence, and security services, and has resulted in unwarranted publicity for the air Force - a chain more serious, embarrassing and discrediting than the original problem itself.
FACTORS BEARING ON THE PROBLEM:
5. As of 2 July 1959, 12 years of investigating and analyzing every unidentified flying object which was brought to its attention, the Air Force has accumulated a total of 12,618 sightings from various sources (6m - 4m - from this vast experience with UFOs, the Air Force has failed to determine conclusively that the objects sighted represent interstellar or interplanetary alien beings from another world, nor has any real scientific and/or technical information of value been gathered.
6. There are 30 private UFO organizations in the United States whose members exploit unidentified flying objects sightings for commercial, political, or publicity purposes. There have been instances when the members of these organizations have actually contacted the Air Force by telephone and have demanded that certain actions be taken, after having instructed the witnesses to complain to their Congressmen. These complaints have resulted in the Congressional investigations and unfavorable publicity described.
7. The methods by which UFO reports are forwarded to by "tip or telephone or mail from citizens (all U.S.) This, when compared with the reaction time required to investigations these reports, is time-consuming and delaying. The solution would be to route all such reports from private citizens directly to the ATIC, thus eliminating the present practice of referring them to local, regional, or state law enforcement agencies. Only the ATIC intelligence or scientific and/or technical personnel recognizes the importance of these reports and should be the agency authorized to investigate them.
8. The approximately 60% of the effort in the UFO program is directed toward the public relations objective.
9. The ATIC has a staff of three people who work full-time on the UFO program, and there are no other USAF personnel considered full-time with the program.