There does not appear to be a photograph present in this particular page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text indicates that the possibility of static in the camera or on the film was considered, but no actual photograph is described.

CONFIDENTIAL REPORT "MOON-OBJECTS" PHOTOGRAPH 
PAGE TWO

The text found in the document is as follows:

The possibility of static in the camera or on the film was considered. However, as side slogans of the peculiar layout of the white markings in this film or other similar series of shots taken with the same equiperent under identical conditions were not old normal, well as can be determined, defective. It should be noted that the length of the roll, but survives markedly to the film's edge, and the manner in which the film was subjected, makes it improbable that there could have been any refractory "ghosts" of the moon itself, as they bear no similarity whatever to the moon or any similar objects in the sky. They are reminiscent in part from his background as an investigator, not conclusive, and does indicate the image of unusual phenomena. No publication, magazine, a science-fiction publication could offer any explanation. Neither of the two had ever received similar images before and the information was solely obtained via optical-electronic and Fulcrum Productions. Steve Pierson of Morristown, a professional astrophotographic knowledge. He was unable to offer any explanation, but also could not confirm our findings, a test photographer with the Reaction Motors, Division Products N. J. performed tests according to tests of rocket engines on static runs (currently testing their rocket motor operations). He suggested that the saucer-like shapes were reminiscent of the repeating pattern in small scale experiments, but said the motion, as indicated, could be coincidental. Reaction Motors was doing no testing near the time of this photograph. 

An examination of this photograph indicates that the object does not conclusive evidence about possible causes of static or other optical effects in conclusion about possible causes, although the Arsenal was asked if there was any Army experimental device or projectile which might have been sent high above the earth from Cape Canaveral. The Arsenal replied that no such project or missile firing was confirmed they could discuss this photograph with several knowledgeable people who have discussed this problem. These does not appear to be a simple physical explanation for the flashes in the photograph, the time of night exposure from Denville in the state of New Jersey, on or near the moon. However, there were no known missile firings at the time and the photograph was stated to be at an altitude of approximately 5000 miles above Florida.

It is, I am sorry but frankly we are at a loss to provide a unique explanation. The nature of the images and their layout on the photograph excludes the line of lights on moving objects on a nearby road.