The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation of UFO reports.

U.S. AIR FORCE
AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO

Dear Sir:

I had my Uncle answer the questions on the U.S. Air Force Technical Intelligence Information Sheet, as I am unable to answer them.

He said Sunday he would answer any questions, but he did not want to get into any argument with the Air Force, as he knows several men who have argued with them and have had a hard time getting anything done. He said he was very ill at the time and could not appear for a talk on the phone number, for it is a "its" hard for him to talk on the phone.

I do not have a phone at the office, but my home phone number is [redacted]. I don't think we have anything concerning UFOs that the investigators don't already know. My Uncle said he would speak about it if he could, but he thinks he would not be understood. He is quite afraid that something did come down as he said it would be very hard to convince. Since the U.S. Air Force does not wish to have a discussion on this matter, there seems to be nothing further to report.

He said he watched it for two minutes after his Daughter saw it. He said it was on the south-east horizon and was a large round grey object that stayed stationary for a few minutes and then just took off and disappeared. He said it was travelling very fast and so high up we could barely see it. It caused nothing to move on the ground. His Daughter was the first to see it and called him to come and look. He says he and his Daughter are both willing to take a lie detector test, but they don't know how to go about it. It would be about a 20 mile trip for them to come to the Air Force base. 

The location would be about a mile-and-a-half east of Strassburg.

If my letter is not satisfactory to you, please let me know, and I would be glad to give you any other information you may need.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]