The image does not contain any photographs or images, only text. I will now proceed to transcribe the text found in the document.

CONFIDENTIAL REPORT "MOON-OBJECTS" PHOTOGRAPH  
(U.S. Route 46, major east-west artery from New York City to the Delaware Water Gap). New Jersey, 2215 - a saucer-shaped airborne object was observed.  
Mr. Munsick undertook a study of high intensity street lighting devices which Invisible Engineers, Inc. designs. The 25 foot tall supports hold very bright lights indeed, but full explanation stops the lamps unusually high intensity from below.   
Studying the nature of light rays forming the photographic layout; the number of images likewise does not coincide with the number or brightness. The images are not visible from the point where the telescope was seated; they are somewhat to the east or west side of the field of view.  
I am - - - Curator of Natural History in New York City, was asked for his opinion, the photographic results at the Invisible Engineers, Inc. were discussed, and it was suggested that a static explosion more active than any ordinary lightning was depicted in the images. There was nothing of the photographs resembling any object remotely like a conventional or moon-object. The photo was certainly unique, and nothing similar to it has since been detected.  
Only comment that the photo was certainly unique. William O. Smith, Other of the photographic section at the American Museum of Natural History, was also consulted, and his opinion was the same: the photograph showed no indication of any actual object, and suggested containing some new and significant phenomenon coming only after the images were recorded.   
Mr. Suzita, Assistant George Kara, and others present: Mr. Smith's assistant, and others, said this result might be consistent with the negative findings in an area enlargement from the original 16mm movie, of well over 2,200 individual frames, of light bursts on light were practically totally invisible to the line of objects. In some of the objects, these two vertically formed dots or point like bodies closing in on the wider part of the "v" of light, as though on pivots at the narrower part.  
He further comments that I am at a loss to account for the specific nature of the two minute impressions at the top of this photographic print, after comparisons with LIFE'S files on all kinds of photographic technique with that of this unusual photograph which was of an actual object semmfewg above the earth, - - - indicating an intermittent light. He suggested further investigation and suggested continuing the investigation conducted on some aspects of this unusual photograph which has attracted very considerable interest.