There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page of the UFO report document. The image shows only text.

Transcription of the text in the document:

ATIC had been collecting facts and trying to analyze them. The basic piece of evidence was Captain Killian's own report to American Airlines, made a few hours after the incident took place. After describing the circumstances of the sighting, the statement continues:

"The only possible explanation other than flying saucers could be jet tankers. My air speed during the complete flight was 250 knots, indicated. I also do not know the air speed of tankers during operations if this could be so. I considered ATIC to find out if they had any airplanes on a clearance and no three airplanes were given.

"It was a sunny day and was difficult for me to believe they were jets because of low speed and configuration. If they weren't jets I still don't know what they were. I did believe even though I watched them for forty minutes before. Due to the dark and stormy haze I was not able to ascertain any size or shape. The altitude of the objects was so degrees above my horizon. Distance away is unknown." [2]

Almost equally important was the evidence of other witnesses. Several persons on the ground in and near Akron had seen them between 6:15 and 8:59.

Air Force investigators methodically gathered the facts and made their analysis public on March 16, only twenty days after the sighting. They released a summary to the press. The mysterious lights belonged to normal terrestrial aircraft. Although ATIC at Detroit had apparently not had the information when they asked, there 8-47 bombers of the Strategic Air Command had been carrying out a night refueling operation from KC-97 tankers at the time and place reported. The tankers had several groups of lights which, from a distance, looked very much like the three objects described by Captain Killian. Such a refueling operation takes from about forty minutes to more than an hour.

Captain Killian had been flying at an altitude of 8,500 feet, and he had given the location of the unknown as 50 degrees above his horizon; this agreed with the position of the tankers, which were operating at an altitude of 17,000 feet. Captain Killian had been flying west at an indicated air speed of 250 knots; the refueling tankers had also been flying west at a true air speed of 200 knots. So, parallel, the tankers had remained in view and would have arrived over Akron just about the time that ground observers reported the lights.

Everything checked. Every detail of the incident was accounted for by the refueling operation, much to the consternation of the saucer enthusiasts, who called it, among other things, "imaginative." Skeptics asserted that the "Orion" theorists were defeated immediately after the sighting had been made, and that the experts had been "forced to come up with the second explanation"--which they greeted with equal indignation.

Captain Killian, too, had apparently forgotten his first report. On March 25, a month later, he was interviewed by the Life magazine correspondent. Killian reverted to the original story, though he admitted that the Air Force explanation was probably correct.