The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically the minutes of a UFO Advisory Panel Meeting held on 27 July 1959.

Here is the text from the document:

UFO ADVISORY PANEL MEETING
27 JULY 1959

I. Members Present - Dr. L. V. Robinson, AFCIN-4H2, Astronomer
Mr. Theodore C. Oehlig, AFCIN-4H2, Physicist
Mr. J. Roy Whitehead, AD2-XD, Physicist 
Major Lewis D. Atcheson, AFOAT-2, Psychologist
Captain R. Fritz, EWS, Chaplain
Major Robert J. Friend, AFCIN-4H2

II. Introduction. The purpose of this meeting was as follows:

a. Introduce DR. Hynek, Air Force consultant on the UFO Program, 
to the panel.

b. Hear an account of DR. Hynek's meeting with Aime Michel, French 
author of "Flying Saucers and the Straight Line Mystery".

c. Discuss the trends in the program as derived from the statistics
of the six month period 1 January 1959 to 30 June 1959.

d. Discuss the outstanding cases for the month of July 1959.

e. Discuss latest activities of the private UFOites.

III. Discussion:

a. The meeting was opened by Major Friend, who outlined the objec-
tives of the meeting.

b. DR. Hynek related the events of his visit with Aime Michel, French 
author of the book on "Flying Saucers and the Straight Line Mystery". 
It was pointed out that Michel is an engineer with the French Army, very definitely not a crackpot, but is indeed very biased in his attitude toward UFOs. Aime Michel's opinion was not the province of the government, but could be done better by private individuals. In answer to a query, it was stated that Michel had received information on the data down and thinks about it and believes that
DR. Hynek also brought out the following facts resulting from his 
meeting with Michel:

(1) More serious scientists interested in the UFO subject in 
France than in the United States. This group is, however, small.

(2) Report of disc-shaped objects began in France in 1942.

(3) French general public does not take much interest in UFO's 
while in the United States it does.