The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book UFO report.

MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD
5 Jan 60

SUBJECT: Pieces of Ice Falling From Out of Sky

1. On 30 December 1959, AFCIN-4P3C informed 4P3D that information had been received from a reliable source that a large mass of ice had fallen to Earth in Georgia. Clippings from a newspaper were submitted in which sightings of this mass of ice were made and analysis was performed on the ice by the Army Snow and Permafrost Research Laboratory in Wilmette, Illinois. AFCIN-4P3D was requested to obtain further information on the subject.

2. A long distance call was placed to the Army Laboratory mentioned above and it was established that the analysis of the ice was being performed nearby, at Evanston, Illinois.

3. It was possible to talk to Dr. [NAME REDACTED] at the Evanston facility, telephone number [NUMBER REDACTED]. He indicated that they had only received a small piece of ice, measuring about 18 by 6 inch. The analysis indicated that it was artificial ice rather dirty, in other words, not of natural origin. The characteristic crystalline structure was emplastic, indicating it was different than the kind of ice one normally expects from a natural source. Dr. [NAME REDACTED] gave as an example of origin as distinguishing itself from an airplane. He further mentioned that a similar incident had taken place some years ago in New Jersey, in that at that time the Physical Science Division of the Franklin Institute had performed the ice analysis. Finally, he indicated that an analysis of the water resulting from the melting of ice is being performed by agency unknown to him.

4. Dr. [NAME REDACTED] promised to send 4P3D a copy of his report on the present incident and will attach the name of the organization performing the water analysis and any further information available to him on the subject. He expected a delay of about two weeks before being able to send the report.

AFCIN-4P3D