The image contains a newspaper article with the headline "Airline Pilots See Mystery Lights". The article describes a report from an airline pilot who witnessed what he described as a "terrified object" or a "bright light" while flying over Honolulu, Hawaii. The article mentions that four other transpacific airlines reported similar sightings around the same time, but does not contain any photographs.

OCR output:
THE INDIANAPOLIS STAR
VETERAN FLIER VISITS HANSEN
Airline Pilots See Mystery Lights
Honolulu (UPD) The Pan American Airline's First Officer of a Chicago-bound luxury liner reported that his plane approached his Airlines at 3:11 a.m. I.L.T. yesterday as the object appeared.
Four other transpacific airline pilots reported seeing similar mysterious flying objects at approximately the same time.
The pilot who made the first report was Captain William J. Nash, a 19-year flying veteran. He was flying a regular Pan Am run from San Francisco to Honolulu when, at 8:11 a.m. I.L.T. (8 a.m. e.s.t.) "one in- tensely bright white light" appeared off the starboard wing of his plane.
Nash said the light was in clear view below us when the example of stars good forma tion disappeared moving at an extremely high rate of speed 600 feet above us and to our left.
"The object appeared to be approx imately 40 to 60 feet in diameter and was saucer-shaped," Nash said. "It had a definite metallic luster and made absolutely no sound. It was like the old story you hear - a flying saucer.' My co-pilot Bob Gallagher and I were astounded at what we saw."
WILSON, VISIBLY SHAKEN, admitted this was the first time in 19 years of flying the Pacific that he had ever witnessed such a strange object.
"I'm a definite Disbeliever now," he said.
All other Honolulu-bound airlines in the area at the time reported similar sightings, "almost simultaneously," Nash said.
"Suddenly the object made a sharp right turn -a maneuver which we know of and the flight surgeon immediately dismissed as being impossible for any known aircraft to make," Nash said. "The object then proceeded eastward at a phenomenal rate of speed and was lost to our view."
"This sort of thing just doesn't happen," Nash said. "I have never believed such foreign ob- jects existed - until now."