The image displayed is a black and white scanned document with no photographs present.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, here is the output of the text from the document:

```
FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY (AFR 190-16)

indoctrination course outlining those factors of investigation peculiar
to UFO cases.

f. Analysis and Evaluation:

It was felt that in the past many cases were given an un-
scientific and "fast brush" treatment in an effort to get them filed.
It was decided that the approach should be more scientific and positive.
Until the analysis could be sure of his conclusions beyond doubt, then a
statement in the vein of the following should summarize his analysis:

"There is no evidence available to indicate that
the object sighted in this case was not a meteor" or
"In view of all the available evidence, the object of
this sighting was probably a meteor."

It was also suggested that a panel of qualified men, in
diversified fields be formed and used for consultation. The men on
this panel to be qualified in the following areas:

Sociology
Astronomy
Psychology
Physics
Public Relations

This panel to be used on an "on-call" basis, but to meet at least once
each month; at which time a summary of the months activities will be
presented to them. The purpose of this panel is to review some of the
more troublesome cases, spot trends in the program and make suggestions
as to the future outlook. The formation of this panel to be given further
consideration by the ATIC.

g. Re-evaluation of Old Cases:

Many UFO organizations have been constantly reopening the
more sensational of the old cases to the further embarrassment of the
Air Force. It was decided that the Aerial Phenomena Group, AFCIN/IN-EI&g,
would review these old cases, which in view of greater scientific know-
ledge and experience, may be removed from the "unknown" category and
reclassified as a "probable."

h. Claims of UFO Organizations:

In many instances the private UFO organizations, or their
sponsors, have made claims that some individual, usually a person with
in high esteem by the public, has made some statement sympathetic to
the views of the organization. It was decided that SAFTS-3 would write
letters to each person so quoted and ask for corroboration or denial,
and for further detail if in the affirmative.
```

Please note that this output is a close approximation and there may be slight inaccuracies due to the quality of the scan or artifacts from the scanning process.