The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text found in the document is as follows:

"to unite against attack by people from other planets?

The existence of official documents mentioned above has been confirmed publicly by Edward Ruppelt, former head of the Air Force's Project Blue Book in his book. 

The aforementioned questions should not remain unanswered by the elected representatives of the people. They, and no other government body, are in a position to eliminate the secrecy clouding the 1950 sightings, your-self, when all the 1950 information be released to the public.

This is a difficult question to answer. A solution as to how the release can be achieved may be further enlightened. It is a fact that since an airborne unidentified flying object case is established, then there is only one proper way to conduct an impartial investigation of the UFO situation - Only through open hearings in Congress can the secrecy of modern times be eliminated.

In the summing up the airline case we must conclude that this particular witnessing of strange objects would under most circumstances be substantial evidence in a court of law. Normally, if it were an occurrence in everyday life, no court would question its validity, since the physical evidence that may be presented in court of law. Rather, this has to do with a subject shaped by the "authorities" into something essential as subjectmatter, a subject which they themselves have labeled and qualified - and with the cooperation of the "free press", explain away as being normal observations, interpretations, misidentifications, instruments, radar readlings, etc. - etc.

Eyewitness evidence as presented in this, and similar UFO reports, cannot be accepted, if we do this then we might as well abolish all scientific enquiry, research and progress, in these fields - If the answer is no, then there is no reason to discard human evidence in the vast of unidentified flying objects and the double standard now being utilized should not continue.

The people of this, and every country, deserve to know all the facts. If an adjustment has to be made, it will be done, so that our existence on earth would have been brief. Indeed, this struggle for truth must continue everywhere - and in all things."