The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

At 6:30 A.M. on Tuesday, February 24, 1959 a flaming bluish-green object streaked through the skies over Michigan, Illinois and Wisconsin. The phenomenon described was seen by several persons and lasted for 5 to 10 seconds, traveling at a very high speed. State Troopers at Bay City, Michigan described it as a bluish-green flame traveling parallel to the ground.

In northern Ohio the evening of February 24 was crisp and cold, the sky clear, and the observers reported seeing several star-like objects moving across the sky. This was made by several persons. This was a prelude to the eventual sighting of a reddish-orange object with a flickering yellow light on the top.

The observers phoned Mrs. Porter who in turn phoned Mr. Conklin, director of the Air Force Detachment of the nearby radar station. However, the phone rang again. The United Air Lines Flight Operations Manager at Chicago informed him that they had received a report from one of their pilots, who was alerted to the phenomenon, that one of their star-like objects had paced his plane for thirty to forty minutes.

The Captain of Flight 937 had sighted the objects at 6:30 and kept them under constant observation until 6:40 P.M. He reported that there were four objects of a reddish-orange color, about the size of stars. The Flight Engineer stated he had sighted the objects at 6:30, ten minutes earlier.

At 12:00 Flight 937 encountered the objects again. The aircraft's captain, Flight 937 decided to test the objects by turning off his landing lights. When he did so, the three objects appeared to move closer to the aircraft. They were then seen to fade. According to the captain, the objects appeared to be structured, white, and definitely larger than any star. The objects then passed the aircraft, veered to the northwest, and finally disappeared to the northwest.

These objects had been spotted by United Air Lines Flight 937. These objects had also been seen by the captain of United Air Lines Flight 321 earlier in Cleveland, Ohio. The captain of Flight 937 also called Air Traffic Control in Cleveland and advised them of the sighting.