There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

19. Was the object - 
a. Self-luminous ?
b. Dull finish?
c. Reflecting ?
d. Transparent?

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? Yes

20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length: 
a. Pinhead			d. Nickel	g. Orange 
b. Dime			e. Half dollar	h. Grapefruit
c. Silverdallar		f. Larger

20. If easier, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? 
22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? 
23. How did the object(s) disappear from view?
24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a piston or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude.
25. Were any sound emanations associated with the object(s)?
26. Please estimate the time of duration of the sighting.
27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? 
28. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any.
29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North, your position, the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared from view, the direction of its/their motion over the area, roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within 5 miles.

30. Is there a nearby, military, governmental, or research installation in the area?
31. Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.
32. Please send us photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes or radio or television programs (include time, station and date) that you may have regarding this or other observations. We will return the material to you.
33. Were you contacted by Air Force investigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state the name and address of the agency, the office, and individuals with whom the questioning took place.
34. Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please explain.

35. We would like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage others to report their observations to NICAP. However, if you do not wish your name used, please indicate your choice by checking the proper statement below. In any case, please fill in all parts of the form, far as your own confidential files.

You may use my name. ( )
Please keep my name confidential. (x)

35. Date of filling out this report: 1 / 24 / 66

Signature: William D. Mathis