The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED

9. This office received a letter dated 7 July 1952, from Port Washington, New York, which included the following statement of a sighting which occurred on 5 July 1952:

"On Saturday evening, 5 July 1952, at 1:00 a.m., I was watching a television show, when suddenly I noticed 3 or 4 bright objects coming from over the water toward Stanford, Conn. I called my wife to come and see. These bright objects hovered in the sky for a few minutes, then started circling each other and suddenly shot away in all directions, and there was no more to be seen.

At 1:48 o'clock, the last light of the sun was just dying away. The night was as clear as could be imagined and the moon was just rising. The air was uncomfort ably warm and still. The objects moved about 30 to 40 feet above the surface of the smooth, black water. As far as we could ascertain, there weren't another boat on the Sound, for we could see for great distances in the moonlight.

In appearance, the objects were oblong in shape, about 30 by 10 feet, without lights, and traveled at a speed of 600 to 800 miles per hour. They made no sound whatever, and did not leave any trail in the sky. They moved in a horizontal direction without any up-and-down motion. When they stopped, they hovered motionless, giving the impression that they may be under intelligent control. We could see a strong white light on one side, presumably a doorway of some sort. This light was distinctively under the full moon at that time, about one-third of the way up to its zenith.

As we watched, the brilliant white light went out and in its place there appeared two points of light, darting about in an incredible manner. All at once these points of light joined together and started to move off. They moved off for a distance of around 30 to 40 feet and suddenly darted up out of sight, disappearing in the darkness. Their great speed was about 15,000 feet per minute, or fifteen miles away.

After observing this phenomena, both of us agreed that the characteristics of the objects were such that there was no possibility that these were a known type of aircraft, even if seen at long distance, and that the possibility of their being some new type of secret or some kind of device powered by steam or gas from a rocket was not out of the question."

10. This office received a letter dated 17 July 1952, from Commanding General, First Air Force, Mitchel Air Force Base, Hempstead, Long Island, New York, reporting the sighting of a strange flying object.

UNCLASSIFIED