There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing a form filled out with handwritten text.

As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

What is the object?
a. Size 
b. Shape
c. Color 
d. Other

19. Did the object(s) give off any light or color? Other than its natural color? If so, please describe.
20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
a. Thumbnail
b. Dime
c. Half dollar
d. Silver dollar
e. Orange
f. Grapefruit
g. Larger
20. If seen, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.
21. How did the object(s) appear to move? Please describe, noting speed, direction, maneuvers, etc. Any sudden or erratic changes?
23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? Rose straight up, a gradual disappearance, etc.
24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a pistol or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude. Slower, faster, same?
25. Was the object(s) moving steadily, or did it appear to hover, swerve, jump, etc.? Please elaborate.
27. What was the elevation or altitude of the object(s) in the sky?
28. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North, your position, the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared, the direction of its course over the area, roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within a mile.
30. Is there any town, city, military, civilian, or research installation in the area?
31. Type or describe the object(s) or an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.
32. Please include photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date), or any other background information. We will return the materials to you.
33. Were you interviewed by Air Force or other officials? If so, please state the name and details. Were you asked not to discuss the incident? If so, who asked, and what were the circumstances?
34. You should feel free to include 1 or 2 of your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage others to do the same. However, if you prefer, we will withhold your name confidentially. Please note in the blank below if you wish your name to be used or withheld.
35. Date of filling out this report: April 30, 1966
Signature: Merritt F. Moore