There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing handwritten text.

area and the tracks were visible to me. He further stated that many of the area boys and girls had been down there playing.

ALSO NOTE: When we were leaving the scene of the UFO landing, I told the boys that they could reveal any or all of the above information to anyone they chose. I pointed out the disadvantages of revealing all of the information. They stated they did not want to tell it all. The boy (Tony *) then said, " Do we get any money for this?" I failed to respond.

At 1100 hrs on Saturday morning again, the boys still had not returned. We decided to interview some of the area people. We first went to the home of Mrs Louise E. Clark, Box 85, N. San Juan. Her home was the closest structure to the scene, about 400 yards. A small hill and many trees concealed the landing sight from her home. She stated that she had been in grass Valley that day and did not see anything because of her absence. She further stated that if it came back she would call us.

We went to the home of ****, N. San Juan. She is a very old woman ( estimate late 70's). She was in the process of moving but consented to talk with us. She confirmed her talks with the boys on the evening of 1 June. She also stated that she had called ****** because ****** had had "very" contacts with people from outer space - "the Venusians." She said that she was very much a believer in life on other planets and believed in flying saucers. She said she had not seen them as such but knows personally, many people who have seen them and had contact with its occupants. I must have looked doubtful, because she asked if I wanted to see in the Bible where it stated there was flying saucers. She said she had many books written by a Michael X. (a mystic authority on flying saucers). She said they were all packed away. She further stated that she had just come back from the mountains and had seen strange lights many times during the night.