There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. However, the image shows a page from an old Project Blue Book report, which contains detailed text describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

My curiosity got the best of me, for I was wondering what a helicopter was doing in that area at that time, and wondering in general what was glowing so red from it, for the color no longer looked like a helicopter. It appeared to be one mile west on 25th Avenue toward the object. All the while, I kept my eyes glued on the object (as much as possible) while it was maneuvering. It was saucer-shaped, and seemed to be behaving strangely even for a helicopter. As I looked closer, I could see no loud motors or propellers, and it made no noise. Now and then it appeared to tilt toward the ground, and could easily recognize one by its "egg-beater" found. In fact, I never before I could see them. Further, the object seemed to be drifting, like a parachute. The possibility of it being a parachute material flown into the area, but this did not explain the strange actions. What transpired next convinced me IT WAS NOT any of these things.

The object was almost at roof-top level when we turned north on Wadsworth, and it was still to my left, although because of the turn we made, it was more to the front than before. In other words, in the further to the north we moved, it moved to a position almost directly in front of us. It faded away in size, despite the fact I was moving 50 mph in its direction. It finally headed due north on a line with Wadsworth, and grew smaller, giving every indication of moving at a high rate of speed. Suddenly, the object disappeared, as if it should maintain my 50 mph speed. My astonished way, I could no longer see it because the red glow "blinked off".

I watched all the news media to the week, one mentioned seeing the red balls. There was the air-crash reported, but it was definitely not the behavior, plus the fact that I heard no sound with the windows down, made me certain that the object was not a plane or helicopter. The sudden burst of speed without further loss of altitude explodes the paradrops idea. Finally, a peculiar noise was made when the object disappeared, not a plausible sound of any kind. I saw no report of aircraft in the area at the time. Nor was there any photographic reflection in the air and on the ground, for they have startled me at times before. I discovered it was a refraction in my auto window or windshield. I am forced to conclude that what I saw was some sort - a UFO. I might add that although I have never doubted the possibilities of such things, I have never before seen one that I could not give a logical explanation for. Being a scientist, I have always been cautious not to listen to any story of "object a mystery". Heretofore, the UFOs I have seen were unidentified only briefly, before being accounted for as something natural and easily explained. But this one, so real, so clear, and moving with such incredible speed, that I became as puzzled as I.

Cordially,