There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes NO 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes NO
b. Sun glasses Yes NO
c. Windshield Yes NO
d. Window glass Yes NO
e. Binoculars Yes NO
f. Telescope Yes (NO)
g. Theodolite Yes NO
h. Other 

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a complete statement of the object which you saw, including all observations as to the object's size, shape, color, movement, etc., and anything else which will give the same appearance to the reader as the object presented to you.

The object was about the size of a large airplane, appeared to be circular in shape, had a greyish tone, and seemed to be moving rather slowly and silently. I could not make out any exact details on the surface as it was some distance away from me. It was moving from the southeast to the northwest, flying at about the same altitude as nearby airplanes. I watched it for several minutes before it disappeared from view. There were no unusual sounds or exhaust trails that I could detect.