The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text describing an unidentified flying object sighting.

RANDOM COMMENTS, pertinent to preceding pages:

On perhaps the day following the sighting, or on the second day at most, the object was again observed. After Mr. R. had completed the sighting, he indicated within seconds that another object had appeared.

At bottom of same sheet (P 15) we discussed the nature of the unstability of sighting, including light and dark phenomena and some sound disturbance. 

Page 16 (continuing from original scratch paper, as in P 15): 
During the first 1-2 minutes of sighting, immediately prior to observation, the object appeared to make very much different changes -

1. When first sighted, was thought to be Venus, though considerably brighter. 
2. At point "x" - P 15, the on-off flashing was noted to have begun, and it was no longer thought likely that this might be Venus.
3. At this time it was noted that the light had grown very considerably in apparent size, and that the flashing was very considerable, and that the flashing light surrendered by a distinct halo.
4. This halo is shown in a negative sense of light being dark and dark being light. All things were sharply defined, standing out with great clarity, while the center of the object, or source of the main light, was less brilliant than the outer halo. The uppermost figure in Mr. R's sketch could not be recognized, as this did not resemble the actual sighting.
5. Center of the part (18) shows a disarrangement Mr. R and his wife had followsed in the direction of travel of this object from 1st observation and after it had reached the zenith point, its progress was sharply down with a peculiar motion somewhat like an object dropping thru a denser medium, with a lump and accelerated motion, not sharp but in stages to the horizon. Its motion was almost directly downwards, or into a sharper angle with the horizon, almost vertical, toward the end of the sighting.

Cont., p 19