AF FORM 112—PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM (Agency):                          REPORT NO.:
ADTC (ATIC), ATRO, WPAFB AND           12-4-52                PAGE 2    OF    6 PAGES

At approximately 2230 PST, 17 Aug 52, Danby Sheriff A-1717, Ratsfield, Kern
County, placed a call to Bakersfield, California, stating that from his home at
Ratsfield, California, he was, at that time, in
the process of talking a shower in his home (he could not see outside), he heard
voices that he had given an unidentified "zing object" on the northern sky, several
other times, also present at the same location, had observed the same thing.

Ratsfield received several other calls relative to the same subject from the
Buttonwillow area, and immediately after the initial call, he placed a call to
Ratsfield unit to the theater and began interviewing individuals and making a list
of their names, addresses and telephone numbers. Insurance as Ratsfield was alone, he
obtained preliminary and identifying data from Buttonwillow residents. Ratsfield
stated that at least three and possibly four times the "zing" or circle of lights were
reported by the theater when he arrived. Many of these reports indicated an object was
able to interrupt them.

Ratsfield stated that further telephone reports were received at the Sheriff's
office on 18 Aug 52. Many of people who stated that they "thought" they had seen a
"flying saucer" and were calling to find out whether or not their impressions were
correct. Several of these people refused to give their names. Ratsfield interviewed
with a sergeant at the theater and he reported conversations with guests that
the phenomena was observed shortly after 2200 PST and that a small number of persons
saw a similar object at approximately 2300 PST 12 Aug 52.

Description of the object by persons interviewed by Ratsfield indicated that
all viewers had the identical view from different directions of a large object
which was variously described as a "T" shaped, crescent shaped or triangular. Witnesses
agreed in substance that the object moved in a general south to north direction at a
relatively slow speed, apparently estimated to have been between 50 to 75 miles per hour,
and at a relatively low altitude (generally estimated to have been below 2000 feet);
and that is disappeared in a high rate of speed.

Mr. Samuel Reserve Lieutenant who is presently a employee
of the Butter Center, Bakersfield, and a member of the Local Sheriff's reserve,
was interviewed. He stated that he was seated in his 1950 Cadillac at a point
in the lights of the Cadillac at the gate of the Farmers Drive-in Theater with the automobile
headed apparently south-southeast. He stated that the motion of the theater is
directly southeast of the theater parking area.

While seated in the car with his wife, Jardine said that he noted two it at
its motion northward northeasterly direction from a location slightly to the north
east of the theater. [redacted] would not estimate the distance this all was from the
theater, but stated that as it passed them and came from southwest the noise that
sounds and appeared to be moving at about the speed of a light aircraft such as a
piper cub or Taylorcraft. He stated that his initial impression was that it was
a tremendous galleons and that without illumination it had followed over the light-
gaining stationary for a short space of time before beginning to move again. [redacted]
continued to help solve the light and reported so enjoy on it at the airport
of his car in order to continue watching as the lights progressed toward the northeast.

At a point approximately southeast of the drive-in theater across the lights
either stopped or the object took on a southeast heading without area necessary horizontal
motion that resulted in the need to accommodate the apparent turn with the lights
data remained a northeasterly course which curved to the east and descended shortly at
an extreme speed north-northeast in a highly of a jet fighter which had accomplished
the initial pull-up climb pass and cancelled to line 1000. At other one of a initial
that an instantaneous burn was actually accomplished by the object (learned as he noted

NOTE: THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS INFORMATION AFFECTING THE NATIONAL DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE ESPIONAGE ACT, 50 U.S.C.,
31 AND 32, AS AMENDED. ITS TRANSMISSION OR THE REVELATION OF ITS CONTENTS IN ANY MANNER TO AN UNAUTHORIZED PERSON IS PROHIBITED BY LAW.
IF MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN WHOLE OR IN PART, BY OTHER THAN UNITED STATES AIR FORCE AGENCIES, EXCEPT BY PERMISSION OF THE DIRECTOR OF
INTELLIGENCE, USAF.

[stamp: DECLASSIFIED]

HS-2010-1 © 4 GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE