The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

Dr. Paul Hensley
22 October 1958

MOUNT "WHAT-IS-IT" CASE REPORTED OUT OF MILWAUKEE, WIS.

As related in the St. Paul and Minneapolis newspapers, a flying object came out of the southwest to the northeast, east, caused some somewhat and many alarming disturbance over a certain area in Wisconsin.

It is reported in the St. Paul and Minneapolis newspapers, saving that, and while it is also reported in the Minneapolis press, a certain official of the state game and fish commission was sighted.

The woman reported it looked like "some extraordinary display but she said an optical instrument received many strange calls about it. The description said in limited details, a balloon.

Capt. Morning Tribune
21 October 1958

"STATE COPS" COMB BACK - IX 2 YEARS OF WATCH

A ball of light, which left a trail of smoke and burning particles, was seen climbing high into the sky. A pilot who said he kept it in sight for 15 minutes reported to have said they were puzzled by the object's strange actions.

As to two or three "Deep Midgets" points, variations of the "silvery flying objects" were reported.

As to another object "winking " in and out and said they say it traveled faster than anything he had ever seen and it broke up into numerous parts at a partial level, the authorities said they had no explanation for this type of aerial phenomenon.

25 FOOT LONG
They said it was about 25 feet long and slight over a foot wide and appeared to be a "bunch of sparks with a tail."

B-52 ABNORMAL ACTIVITIES AGAIN OVER BELLEVILLE
About 2:30 yesterday morning high in the western sky was seen an intense light. The light varied in intensity, seeming to blink on and off. The light streaked northward and then disappeared.

The Marshall county sheriff, however, said he had been informed already of the strange light in the sky and that they had been informed that it had been observed over a wide area.

The woman deer hunter said she saw an object which she said she believes to be a meteorite. She saw it as clear daylight and said it left a trail of green sparks.

UNCLASSIFIED