There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report.

As an OCR system, the text in the document is as follows:

SECURITY INFORMATION
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
REPORT NO. DF-98-89
PAGE 4 OF 4 PAGES
JOSEPH A. COLO
UNCLASSIFIED
that his son had stated that the object had not looked like any aircraft or anything that he (his son) had been frightened by the object and would not go near it for fear it might attack him. The object, according to his son's description, had been approximately 50 feet in diameter and about 30 feet thick. He further stated that his son had the impression the object had some sort of motion or pulsation.
Following the conversation with Capt. XXXXXXXX, radio contact at 2520/2300Z was established. The "GCA" station utilized for control of the aircraft being discussed in this case, confirmed the radar contact for over an hour. During this time, efforts were discontinued. It was the opinion of the "GCA" controller that the "BOMARC" trackings were probably ground returns and not the "object" reported by the son, which was estimated the distance of the object to be 2 START TWO
COMMENTS OF THE PREPARING OFFICER:
1. The information contained in this report is considered to be PRIVILEGED, in evaluation.
2. Information received subsequent to the date of investigation indicates that of three well-reported sightings occurring in the Gulf of Mexico during the same time period as this case, two of these, it is considered that one may belong to a single, recurring phenomenon which recurs to the scene of the activities. The other, because of its anchor, is possibly the unidentified object.

WALTER B. FRANKLIN, Major, USAF, Executive

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title 18, U.S.C., Sections 793 and 794. The transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorised person is prohibited by law.