There does not appear to be any photograph in the document. The text provided is a detailed written report describing an unidentified flying object sighting that occurred on August 12, 1957 in Crystal Beach, Texas. The report discusses the observer's experience, including details about the appearance and behavior of the observed object.

REPORT PROJECT BLUE BOOK INFORMATION CENTER
FA-F-G-1 
Washington, D. C. 20330 

Gentlemen:
I would like to report the sighting of what I consider an unidentified flying object. 

The incident occurred at Crystal Beach, Texas, on August 12, 1957, between the hours of 10:00 and 10:30 p.m.

I was with members of my family, and a few close friends, at my brother's beach home. Everyone had retired for the night, and all had turned in except myself. 

As I changed position in bed, endeavoring to relax into a more comfortable position, I became aware of the object in full view.

From my position on the bed, I first observed the object, but it appeared to be very near. The object was motionless and silent on the first sighting, and that which was visible appeared to be a huge, orange-colored, disk-shaped affair suspended in mid-air. I was fascinated and lay quietly, observing.

Suddenly, the object began to move, going downward at an angle, and it seemed to be emitting a light, casting some illumination on the water below. As it moved downward, the object had changed position, because as it moved the light appeared to be coming from the side rather than the top or bottom.

As I lay there watching, after a lapse of time, the object returned, taking the same path, but this time moving upward. To be descriptive, it was as though I saw a crack open in the sky, and for some time the object seemed to hover, then would disappear as though the crack closed. I could easily see its movements and watch it with the naked eye.

My interest was aroused, and I wanted to be certain that it was not a vision, with no doubt as to the accuracy of my own sight and vision. I would do so, but I hardly dared my position, and lay there with the whole sky in full view, because the beach house is almost an enclosure of windows.

As I continued to watch, the object appeared again, coming from behind some high trees in the distance, and it seemed to hover, apparently at a great distance, for some time. Then it disappeared again, and I saw it no more.

The entire time I observed the object, it was silent, and the color remained the same, a brilliant orange. The size appeared to be larger than a small airplane, and I have the distinct impression that whatever it was, it was much higher in the sky than I first thought. When it disappeared, the sky seemed absolutely black, with no stars visible.

I realize this is a lengthy report, but I felt I should give you the details as I observed them. If any further information is desired, I shall be glad to supply it.

Very truly yours,
/s/ [Name]