The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, but there is no photograph present in this particular page. The text on the page is a detailed statement describing the witness's observation of a peculiar object in the sky over San Antonio, Texas on August 20, 1952. The witness observed a circular, illuminated object suspended in space that moved in a pendulum-like fashion and shot off at a high rate of speed. The witness stated that they could not differentiate the object from any conventional aircraft they had seen before. The statement is signed at the bottom, certifying that the details are true and correct to the best of the witness's knowledge.

STATEMENT

On Wednesday, 20 August 1952, at approximately 9:00 P.M., I took my dogs for their exercise. I was carrying one of the dogs in my arms and I stopped to replace her on the ground. As I raised up, I was attracted by a peculiar object in the North sky. This object seemed to be suspended in space.

The object was circular in shape, illuminated with bright yellow lights. These lights seemed to glitter or pulculate but not going entirely off at anytime. The lights appeared to revolve around inside the object.

The center appeared blank or at least was a dark spot. The object appeared quite large, about the same size as a bicycle wheel. The object was swaying to and fro, in a pendulum-like fashion, covering an area of what appeared to be approximately ten or fifteen feet, possible more.

I observed this object for approximately five minutes or more, then suddenly it shot out in somewhat of an upward slanting course at a very high rate of speed. I could not tell if the lights were still revolving at this time. It traveled in a Northwesterly direction, and soon faded out of sight. 

It did not hear any sound nor did I see any trail or exhaust.

It was not difficult to differentiate between this object and any type of conventional aircraft, for it did not resemble such, nor operate in the manner of any plane I have ever seen.

I certify that the statement above is true and correct to the best of my knowledge: