The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It does not contain any photographs, only text.

OCR output:

Los Angeles 18, California 
May 3, 1955

Major Lawrence J. Tacker, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division 
Office of Information Services
Department of the Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Major Tacker:

Thank you for your communication of 14 April 1958.

I am quite familiar with the requirements involved with reference to obtaining stock motion picture footage from the Defense Department. My inquiry was only regarding 35mm film.

I can see that you are quite correct regarding the Edwards AFB UFO photographs referred to in the 7 June 1952 photo-geodetic sequence variety, which still might be in your files for motion picture production. 

I note with some interest your omission of reference to the gun-camera footage shot over Wright-Patterson AFB on 20 August 1952. About this I also inquire. You can not very well deny the existence of this film, as a portion (frame number) thereof was reproduced in the December 1952 issue of LIFE.

I do not know if this film would adequately sustain an objective scrutiny, but I haven't the slightest doubt that it is the product the Air Force denies having. Perhaps you will find it most satisfactory on motion picture release prints.

As I have said to Captain Marley, I feel that your cooperation on this projected production - perhaps even though a limited basis - would be consistent with the overall purposes of public information, and would certainly be a step in the right direction to improve public relations. And as I have additionally stated, my production will be an honest, factual documentary on UFOs. As I am the various other items to which I am the various other items to which I am the various other items to which I am the various other items to which I am the various other items to which I am the various other items...

Sincerely,
[signature redacted]
PRODUCER OF DOCUMENTARY MOTION PICTURE FILMS