This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, likely containing text and details related to a UFO incident.

Transcribing the text:

that he notify me of any significant findings. While talking to
the sheriff, he contacted one of his mobile units. The man
reporting said that they were at the scene and that there was
no activity at the time. Requested the sheriff to forward any
subsequent developments.

2330 - I called the Sheriff of Cascade County for a status report. He
put one of his deputies on the line (Zielner?) who had been at
the scene and had interviewed the truck driver and highway
patrolman. While on the phone, Sheriff Martin from Belt,
Montana, called in from the scene. He discussed the possibility of manpower assistance from Malmstrom and/or helicopter support. Informed him that daylight would be the
first possible helicopter support and that I would discuss the
other manpower request with Colonel Kilbe.

2345 - Discussion with Colonel Kilbe. He suggested that I go out
and evaluate the situation and make my recommendations
from there.

0030 - Departed the base in a radio equipped station wagon accompanied
by Major John Grasser of the Helicopter Section, for an evaluation of the terrain for any possible helicopter survey at daylight,
a driver, and the alert photographer.

0100 - Arrived at the scene. Was met by Sheriff Martin, who reported
the previous reports. A study of the terrain revealed the hopelessness of any ground survey. A helicopter plan was agreed upon - the sheriffs office to conduct a ground search of the reported landing area, on the morning of 15 March 1967, while a helicopter
survey of the area would be performed by Malmstrom. (It had
been requested by Major Grasser that a helicopter training flight
was scheduled for 0730 Saturday morning. This procedure was
later approved on 15 March.) Proceeded to landing was made.
Sheriff Martin intended to continue watch of the area. Sightseers were in the area due to radio publicity and Martin reported
that some had gone on the ridges before he could stop them.

0215 - Reported to Colonel Kilbe the tentative plan agreed upon with
Sheriff Martin. He approved.