There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document related to Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

PAGE 19

As Mr R has had a 20-year history of sighting the sane unidentified flying objects, plus the even more imposing fact that his calling again re these sightings brings his previous reports to light, we can only say that, at the moment, this case is well within the sphere of OPERATIONAL REQUIREMENTS made to this office in order to corroborate as much of the evidence as is possibly contained in the report. I myself properly with the foremost and starboard beam.

6. After about ten minutes of sighting, the halo, gradually increasing, became intense; and at about the ten minute point, the halo was that, suddenly, it was a brilliant, flashing white light. 

7. This condition existed with the ball expanding, until changes were noted as covered in the NICAP report.

My impression now, after several weeks, is that the flashing seems to have disappeared and that what I was seeing, rather than any ordinary aircraft, appeared to be a large, brilliant, flashing white light about the size of a large star, located about 30 to 40 degrees above the horizon. The object was moving very slowly, in a westerly direction, approximately east to west. It was a difficult object to make out in detail, as it had a tendency to dim and reappear when my attention focused on it sharply. I would estimate that I observed it over a period of some thirty minutes.

Two days ago I received a letter from an organization which paralleled the recent announcement in the press that prominent scientist-observers checked on some facts about another scientist's discovery of equipment or material used in the space sciences, whether for vehicles or other purposes. The letter discusses the fact that some time ago, one of your previous reports was brought to their attention and they now wish to know whether you were any way near this island at the time or some similar information which they believe would assist them in determining whether this is the same object you reported . As I must be able to reply to this letter, I should be most grateful if you would let me know, at your earliest convenience, whether you can shed any light on this matter, or whether you feel that the object you saw could in any way be related to what they are investigating. We would still like to know as much about this as possible, in order to further our understanding of the situation.

With reference to your 24/86 letter (para 4): I am pleased that the investigation of the phenomena described therein has progressed to a point where the details you provided could be studied further. As I mentioned in my letter, there are several aspects of this type of phenomena which you know not to be primarily of a meteorological nature. I shall be interested to learn of any conclusions at which you may arrive as a result of this further investigation.