The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document with handwritten text.

Please add here any further comments which you believe are important. Use additional sheets of the same size if necessary.

So far this can be proposed contained, I felt in considering this case, that it was, in the main, very well worked, and a commendable an account as could be given. The case is, of course, a very unusual one, quite distinct from the normal run of UFO reports, and in a way, perhaps, almost unique. However, the witness impressions as noted, and the good description of the details observed during the incident, are, I think, quite remarkable, and reflect considerable credit on the percipient. The witness is obviously a responsible person, whose statements appear to have been honestly and carefully given. While there are, no doubt, many points which could be queried or questioned, the overall impression gained is one of a genuine observation, with no apparent attempt to over-dramatize or "spice up" the report. The fact that the witness re-drew the sketch from memory, as specifically requested, and that this drawing apparently tallies with the original seen at the time, seems to me to be a point in favor of the account. The shape, relative sizes, and disposition of the various components of the "device" as described, do not, in my opinion, suggest a hoax or fabrication. The apparent lack of any obvious or discernible motive for a hoax, taken with the general tone and content of the report, also incline me to the view that this was a bona fide sighting, the details of which deserve to be recorded for what they are worth. I realize, of course, that such cases defy easy explanation, and that the temptation will be great to attempt to rationalize or "explain away" the more puzzling aspects. However, I feel that an open, objective and unprejudiced attitude is called for, even in the face of the undoubted difficulties of interpretation. More information would be needed before any firm conclusions could be drawn. In the meantime, I recommend that the report be filed for future reference, bearing in mind that, in the present state of our knowledge, many UFO reports may well contain elements which we are at present unable to account for in conventional terms.