The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image, the output is as follows:

I can't account for the flashing white light in the center of the object. Although it might be that it might have been (a matter of optical illusion), the object suggests a most interesting type of experiment, and also suggests that we could have a very bad time control any information about it.

I think that there is convincing, if indirect, evidence that what you saw, in outer space. The symmetry rules out motion through the atmosphere. As shown the long duration of the glow which would indicate a very high speed. Since the object seemed to stop in a vacuum, in order to obtain the shape it would have to be propelled.

All said, it can't positively identify what you saw, but I think you are observing that what you saw could not have been a natural phenomenon - but rather some type of man-made device, such as might come from somewhere else was involved (or a poltergeist at high altitude).

Concerning your photographs, I don't know what to say. Since it isn't current, retrieval of the original material would seem unpractical. Internal mass exists disappearance of artificial fields which would account for the paths of movement. I realize my conclusion has no basis in fact - it is a personal opinion.

The Gallup Poll revealed that five million people have seen something that was not a usual star, planet, or meteor. I take that more than an indication of the appalling level of ignorance in the country. We have learned what effects an experiment can have with any optical illusion, but we can point out their use, which was a blinding star, or a planet, or even a shooting star: a man-made object hurtling through the sky at a tremendous speed, of the sort of evidence in the Air Force files and in other hands (such as Jacques Vallee's). The more important point is that we know the details of something like 400,000 people over 5 years who have sighted craft that would make the largest modern jet plane look like a model - and a human man even look twice, or more. There are certainly no more than 2,000 which are reliably identified, if that many, but the reports of unusual aerial phenomena if would point strongly to the reality of a distinct and extraordinary, not something ordinary misinterpreted out of ignorance.