There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed document, which seems to be a narrative or report from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

NARRATIVES (continued) 
NARRATIVES(continued) (Capt. Ann, Mass. 9/2/52)

Group 2.

(Miss X., from ((Commented)) resume): "It was driving along in my car at about 10:15 P.M. I knew the speed limit was 45 m.p.h. but I was really going very slow, probably around 30 m.p.h. All of a sudden, just behind me about 75 yards, I spotted a large light. It seemed to be round, about 3 feet in diameter and very brilliant. It was a most unusual sight, as such as I could. I was driving very slowly so that I really could observe this thing. I knew what the compass were of cars following me, and there was no other following me as I could see. This light that I saw seemed to be hovering, not moving at all. For about 30 seconds I was treated to a wonderful show. The light seemed to be flashing irregularly, at times very bright and at times dimmer, but never disappearing. After about 30 seconds it suddenly took off at a terrific speed and was gone. I do not enjoy night driving and would not be apt to stop and look, so I felt quite fortunate to have been able to observe this incident. I wanted to stop but felt that if I did, the light might disappear."

EXTERNAL REMARKS: CAPTAIN WILLIAMS:

Miss X. is a student at Hingham High School and a Junior College in Newton. She is frank and very cooperative and educated as the contents would suggest. She states that she has had no previous experience along these lines. The United States Navy located in the area have shown some interest in the occurrence and are making an investigation. She is of good reputation and character and nothing derogatory is known of her.

This sighting appears to have been an actual occurrence. The detail and clarity of her observations are of a very definite order. The phenomenon observed by the witness appears to be of a nature beyond the range of known or explainable objects or occurrences. Further detailed investigation may shed more light on this particular incident.
I am a person.