The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

TRANSLATION OF WRITTEN NARRATIVE BY [REDACTED]
Memorandum Concerning Phenomenon Observed Sunday, 23 April 1967 At Approximately 8:50 P.M.

As I looked out the window before going to bed, I saw a bright object in the sky. At first I thought it was a star, but as I continued to watch it, I noticed that it was moving. I called to my children and to my wife to come and look at it. We all watched as it moved across the sky, faster than Venus in its most visible periods. I called to my children and to my wife to come and look at it. We all watched as it moved across the sky, faster than Venus in its most visible periods. It appeared to be very large, and at times seemed to be making strange maneuvers. At one point it appeared to stop and hover, then it moved off at a very fast speed. 

As I leaned on a fence to control my nerves, I called out to my children which normally appear, but they did not come out. I then realized that I was observing something which normally does not happen. I thought it was an optical illusion, since the other star was also moving in the same direction. On realizing this, I became alarmed and therefore, must have been moving. I called out to my children again, but they did not come. I then went into the house to get my binoculars, hoping to get a better view. The object was still visible, and through the binoculars I could see that it was definitely not an ordinary object, but a large, glowing one. (Larger than the full moon.) I realized this change of direction later; I did not stop to think about what I was observing, as I was intent on continuing my observations. I did not lose brilliance, and while I was an observing, there was no change of color or speed.

The drawing attached shows the larger star at the moment I saw multiple red lines emanating from one side and seem to be multiple kind of strange and. The line of some of these sizes, what appeared to the small rays, completely undulating as if they were creatures of extraordinary brilliance. The three white lines at this moment the clouds lifted and my wife could see the multiple red lines which I have drawn.

Suddenly, this phenomenon seemed to come from one object which moved separately in different directions, and then disappeared. Also at this time there were a number of rocket flashes at the same time.

I believe that the two objects together may have been either, but, unfortunately, I let my children use the binoculars and I told to direct their vision toward the two stars I had shown them before, as there was no time.

This is the appearance when they start moving. It could be that there was some delay in seeing the phenomenon due to my children focusing their attention, but when I regained sight, the object had changed direction.

UNCLASSIFIED