The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned page from a historical document that appears to be a Project Blue Book report from the United States Air Force. The text of the document is as follows:

14 December 1966

Seminole, Florida 33340

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

Major Quintanilla has forwarded the correspondence concerning your sighting to the Project Blue Book [REDACTED] Division as to see what ideas there may be.

I cannot give any positive identification of what you saw, but there are possibilities that you may wish to consider since this was not a solid object seen at close range from several different directions by many witnesses, but rather a hazy image which did not show any constant details or shape with any certainty that what you saw was an unknown object (that is, something definitely different from a known or familiar phenomenon). The details you might like to consider are those which bear enough resemblance to known phenomena that we have experienced a UFO.

Last summer and fall, I had occasion to investigate a large number of sightings in this area. The witnesses reported a rapidly moving bright light, very often in two or more sightings on the same night. The light would approach which grew in size until it seemed four times larger than the largest star, and then it would fade away. This type of sighting has been quite common in this area, and I have found most of them to be a known astronomical phenomena, perhaps fifteen seconds, the object turned away and accelerated for perhaps fifteen seconds, the object turned away and accelerated for perhaps fifteen seconds, the object turned away and accelerated for perhaps fifteen seconds, the object turned away and accelerated for perhaps fifteen seconds, the object turned away and accelerated for perhaps fifteen seconds, the object turned away and accelerated for perhaps fifteen seconds, the object turned away and accelerated for perhaps fifteen seconds, the object turned away and accelerated for perhaps fifteen seconds, the object turned away and accelerated for perhaps fifteen seconds. Before the final fading away, a bright spark was seen at the approximate location of the object, which moved rapidly to the south and then extinguished in a sparkly display. All told, something was visible for two hours.

Five of the people who interpreted the rapid sequence as an approach were commercial or military pilots in the air at the time. They felt certain that what they saw was a close approach by some type of aircraft.