The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter dated August 11, 1952 from Downey, California addressed to "Civilian Saucer Investigation Los Angeles, California" regarding the sighting of an unknown object.

August 11, 1952

To - Civilian Saucer Investigation 
Los Angeles, California

Subject: Sighting of Unknown Object

Dear Sirs:

On the evening of Aug. 8, 1952, at approximately 19:55 hrs. a Civilian
standing the first 17th of this month of the Central California we observed
Downey, California. At first, both myself and myself it was a weather balloon, but after I located the object in the field glasses, I realized it was extremely high flying object, although I couldn't make out any shape that
resembled an aircraft.

I kept the object in the glasses for a period of approximately five minutes, as it was gradually drifting southeastward, disappear from this object sighting (drifting gained speed slowly at 30 degrees to the original object course 270 degrees) and it seem to lower in altitude slightly, this object appeared to have the colors of the first stars (appears to have the morning which is thought to be south) that left the original object was about one quarter the size of the original. When color of the original reappeared slightly enlarged, yet when seen with the naked eye appeared to have the color of the first stars to appear in the evening, which is thought to be south as against us assured ourselves it was moving.

It followup was an extremely (military) that was flying extremely high and
released a rocket powered aircraft, as I have read about in magazine. then
after it soon, still because the sun was still shining on it, and explains the color.

If I have given you this kind, then I have sighted something that I ( ) have sighted for your records. Either way, I would appreciate an answer to this letter, as I am quite a student of your organization, and have this first sighting in nearly two years of intermittent observation, that I have seen anything I consider to be worth reporting to you.

Please be advised that I have been a pilot (civilian) since 1930, but in
three years I have not sighting fuil.P.Cadets during the last World War, and have not flown for over two years, as pilot. I am 45 years of age, and have lived in Downey, California, around this area for 27 years.

Yours sincerely,
[Redacted]
Downey, California