The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to extract all the text from the document:

THE SACRAMENTO BEE
Saturday, June 17, 1967

North San Juan Awaits Saucermen
NORTH SAN JUAN, Nevada Co. - Visitors from as far away as 225 miles are expected to converge here tomorrow for the "investigation" between earth people and some "saucermen."

It is here for Alpha Centauri, home base of a flying saucer, which is due to make its appearance here tomorrow, weather permitting.

"What they might do is-it will probably occur without anyone else being the wiser," explained Tony Sargill, a prominent Psychologist. 

If a Centuarian, long disgusted with what others might call "nuts" arrives, chances are he will decide to return home without making contact, said Mrs. Sargill. "She remarked that they will probably remain away from here "for a long time before they return."

Nevertheless, Mrs. Sargill said it is "not true" Tony predicted the second landing. She refused to comment further. Newsmen, however, have heard Tony telling others the saucermen would return.

North San Juan Awaits 
Flying Saucer Landing
From page A1
The Centuarians, according to reports, are masters of the sky and can land their ships with "little overt action." According to Tony Sargill, Psychiatry reveals all the bad publicity given UFO's in the past few days is only a government attempt to divert attention from what may happen here tomorrow.

"What they might do is-it will probably occur without anyone else being the wiser," he explained. 

Disguise Selves
"Disguise Selves"
According to Tony Sargill, the Centuarians are planning to disguise themselves as humans in order to walk among the audience without being detected. He claims they will use their telepathic powers to "blame" them if they didn't land.

"What they might do is-it will probably occur without anyone else being the wiser," he explained.

Long Time Disgusted
If a Centuarian, long disgusted with what others might call "nuts," arrives, chances are he will decide to return home without making contact, said Mrs. Sargill. "She remarked that they will probably remain away from here "for a long time before they return."

Nevertheless, Mrs. Sargill said it is "not true" Tony predicted the second landing. She refused to comment further. Newsmen, however, have heard Tony telling others the saucermen would return.