The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically an "Extract from Weekly Intelligence Summary, ATC, 30 Jul 47" regarding "FLYING OBJECT REPORTS". The text in the document describes two more flying object incidents that have been reported, providing details about their appearance, size, speed, and movement.

Extract from Weekly Intelligence Summary, ATC, 30 Jul 47

FLYING OBJECT REPORTS: Two more flying object incidents have been reported, coming from opposite sides of the United States - one from Greenfield, Massachusetts and one from Fairfield-Suisun Army Air Base, California. The Atlantic Division, ATC, relayed the report of the incident occurring at Fairfield-Suisun where two airmen, while working outdoors at the base, observed a white, round, metallic object that appeared across his line of vision. "Brilliant, small, round-shaped, silvery white object" traveling in a semicircular, erratic fashion at a speed faster than a speeding plane as an estimated altitude of 1,000 feet or more. The object was sighted by one airman only and was described as being considerably brighter than a "bright searchlight." It reflected the sunlight very strongly as though it was of polished aluminum. The object climbed at a speed greater than that of aircraft formation and was estimated to be about four times the size of the balloons he had seen and thus much larger than balloon. The original report was made by the 11th Ferrying Squadron of the Air Transport Command on 6 July 1947 while at Fairfield-Suisun Army Air Base as the observed an object described as round, brilliant, white and metallic, traveling at a speed in excess of that of any aircraft he had ever seen. The second sighting was at Greenfield, Massachusetts on the previous day, 5 July, for approximately 20 seconds during which time the object was observed to travel over three-quarters of the visible sky. The object was small and irregularly shaped and had a side-to-side motion while climbing at a tremendous rate. The other airman gave no reflection.  He estimates the size to be about that of a small object with the time it rolled over so that the bottom became very difficult to see and almost disappeared. The intensity sparkled noticeably and he was unable to attribute any sound to the object. Both of these reports appear to describe similar objects which have characteristics of phenomena generally associated with the sightings labeled under "Flying Objects."

(Sources: ATLD & PADD)