The image contains two photographs of individuals, labeled as "Dr. C. R. Burrows" and "Dr. R. G. Spencer". The text in the document discusses various topics related to UFO sightings and investigations, including optical mirages, sighting reports, and the handling of classified information.

As an OCR system, the text extracted from the document is as follows:

"OPTICAL MIRAGES - Very recently we had an interesting report from the school of visual aids at University of Colorado. It seems that their leader, Dr. R. G. spencer, has been watching the skies for a number of years. some of the sightings he and his associates have observed are quite remarkable. They have seen, from time to time, strange balls of light and other luminous phenomena that appear to be quite unorthodox and difficult to explain conventionally. However, Dr. Spencer feels that some of these observations can be accounted for on the basis of optical illusions and atmospheric refraction, producing "mirages" of one sort or another. 
Some of the sightings he has observed have at times simulated the appearance of a "flat-topped", "circular" craft, apparently hovering and moving in a manner which would otherwise be considered unconventional. He maintains that similar natural phenomena can simulate the appearance of a structured craft, such as a flying saucer. Of course, this doesn't mean that all sightings can be explained away in this fashion, but it does indicate that we must be very careful in our analysis and not jump to premature conclusions. 
Dr. C. R. Burrows, chairman of the physics department at University of Maryland, has also made some interesting observations along these lines. He points out that under certain atmospheric conditions, distant objects can take on very bizarre and unearthly appearances. Natural phenomena, such as reflections, refractions, and scintillations can produce "trick" images that might be mistaken for structured flying craft. Some strange "aerial phenomena" may, in fact, be simply misinterpretations of normal, natural occurrences.
You may not have those strange sightings that you've heard about, but we do have some interesting optical illusions to consider. The classified information we have on this subject is very limited. We can't talk about fly-ing saucers or unidentified aerial phenomena. Ask someone who doesn't know any better. The radar waves are probably just normal reflections from birds or other objects - nothing unusual or unexplainable there, either. If someone wants to determine the exact nature of these radar indications, they'll have to do some more research. We don't have any hard data to share on this."