The image does not contain a photograph. The text describes an observation of an unidentified flying object in the Eastern sky, made by a Captain. The report discusses the object's appearance, movement, and the attempts made to obtain a picture of it. The text also includes administrative details such as the downgrading classification and distribution information.

Transcription of the text in the document:

b. Upon looking more directly overhead in the Eastern sky, Captain observed what he at first believed to be a meteor but almost immediately realized was not a meteor. This object appeared to be approximately (2) or three (3) times the size of a star of average brightness and seemed to be very rapidly traversing across the sky. The object was seen to stop and hover for a short period and then to proceed in a southeasterly direction at a very rapid rate of speed. This object appeared to be a "trophy" or steady glow, was not a meteor. 
This object appeared to be approximately 8,000 to 10,000 feet, however, he made no attempt to estimate the height at which object appeared would be from 8,000 to 10,000 feet.
After the first (2) or three (3) minutes, the source notified his wife and mother-in-law to observe the object and went into his apartment to call the Operations Officer on duty as the Officer ACAY Squadron to determine if any unidentified objects appeared on the radar screen. The source was instructed to continue to observe the object and was told that the object had moved rather swiftly on a horizontal to the north and disappeared at approximately 2230 hours local time.
c. At approximately 2245 hours local time Captain observed a point of light which he believed to be the object he had previously observed. The object was hovering at an apparently fixed position. Captain attempted to obtain a picture of object, using a Retina E camera with a 50 mm lens, giving (2) second exposure. This exposure was not successful in obtaining a picture of the object, which appeared to be a point of light and no further details could be observed. Captain waited some minutes, hoping the object would reappear, but it did not.
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

DISTRIBUTION BY ORIGINATOR
1 CY - D/I, HQ USAF, Wash 25, D.C.
1 CY - DCS/Operations, Hq USAF ATTN: AFOIN-2a, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
1 CY - 4602 Air Depot Wing Intelligence File