The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a sighting report or document related to the Project Blue Book UFO investigation. The photograph shows a typed letter or report with a handwritten signature at the bottom.

OFFICER IN CHARGE OF FLARES
SAMPSON AIR BASE
SAMPSON, N. Y.

Dear Sirs:

It would please me very much if you would tell me if a very large number of flares were dropped over Sampson, N. Y., on November 23, 1952.

Here is why: 
On this date several persons in Rochester, N. Y. and vicinity saw what they described as a very bright, glowing oblong object hunting with a bow and arrow across out of the woods on the highest peak of Garnett Hill, west of Canandaigua Lake.

The stars were visible, and it was raining lightly, so its visibility was poor. But we could see the light distinctly as it moved swiftly to the southeast, over the range of hills. By compass they were slightly north of east, or directly toward Sampson, or even north of Sampson.

They looked like bright flares but did not appear to descend or move at all while visible. Their light seemed as bright as the well-known light around a 105 millimeter shell bursting and disappeared soon afterwards as though replaced by another light displayed laterally and vertically. There were never more than 1 visible at once and never last more than 1.

This other things about them did not resemble flares. It may have been an optical illusion due to refraction of light rays, but the light disappearance, which faded immediately like a vision persistency phenomenon, was not a single rapid light but a cluster of several lights flickering up and down with a little while interval between some the dimensions indistinct, flashes of light sometimes vertical, up to 2 inches at arms length, which would be a big difference for flares dropped. Also there was no apparent diffusion of light or reflection on clouds as you expect when flares descend.

I would estimate that we observed over a thousand lights come and go before we left Garnett Hill. On descending that hill, we could not see the lights. On ascending another hill near Canandaigua, we could see nothing unusual.

Please advise if we were watching normal phenomena, because we have other impressions obtainned from the study which are puzzling and embarrassing to relate, if we were viewing a more scattering or array.

Your very truly,

A CERTIFIED TRUE COPY  
/s/ DONALD L. MYERS, 2d LT., USAF