The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a report or document titled "SHARON POLICE DEPT ADDENDUM IV" that describes an incident involving a telephone call and the sighting of some objects in the sky.

SHARON POLICE DEPT ADDENDUM IV
Date - April 20, 1966
Officer's Report:
At 10:32 P.M. I received a telephone call requesting assistance in the investigation of a UFO sighting. Officers Jones and I responded to Holly Lane. On arrival we found Officer Patton and Sgt. Donovan observing distant lights in the sky. Mrs. Mar and Mrs. Jones also were observing distant lights about 12:10 a.m. - 12:50 a.m. Donovan and Officer Jones left and Officer Jones and myself watched the distant lights with the mrs. One of these objects was in a south westerly direction, appeared to be rotating and changing colors from red to white to red. This was two other objects of the same description in a south westerly direction. While we were observing these distant lights, Mrs. Mar said here it comes, or there it is, and we all looked in the direction she indicated. We observed to be a falling star-like object, only three times the size of a star and traveling at a much faster rate. This object disappeared below the horizon. Only three times did the size of the object appear to change as it was crossing the sky from west to east. The object made no noise what-so-ever, and did not cast any glow, and moved over the tree line for approximately 500 yards where I lost sight of it. At one point when the object was hovering, it appeared to be a very bright, large mass of white light with a brilliant appearance. The object made no noise what-so-ever, and did not cast any glow, and hovered over the tree line for approximately two or three minutes. While the object was hovering a plane message over it in a northerly direction, when the plane moved off the object started to move across the field in a south westerly direction. As the object started to move, it appeared to be a red light and a wide section of white light extending from red light to red light and appeared to be inside the object. But I failed to detect any sign of movement but failed to detect any sign of movement but failed to detect any form of aerodynam-ics as I did see inside the object. The object did not appear to rotate as it went over the tree line in a south westerly direction.