This page does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

CIVILLIAN'S EVALUATION (Cape Ann, Mass. 8/2/67)

This object was viewed under excellent weather conditions by at least 250 people, according to unofficial eyewitness testimony.

The similarity of description given by many people, independently, lends credence to their observations as being genuine.

The object was saucer-shaped, with definite illuminated ports or openings along its periphery, and it was undergoing various maneuvers indicating intelligent control.

It was looking at an unconventional object.

1. Dimensions and objects-relations: The object appeared to be approximately 50 to 75 feet in diameter. It hovered at an altitude estimated at 1,000 to 2,000 feet above the observer.

2. No conventional aircraft identification markings were visible.

3. The lights that were seen were not conventional, either in number, intensity, color, or location. There was no exhaust or other sound heard from the object.

4. No engine or other sound was heard from the UFO even at close range.

5. For several minutes, hovering and rapid directional-reversal maneuvers were executed without apparent difficulty. A high rate of acceleration and ability for unconventional maneuvers were displayed.

6. There were no aircraft in the area carrying out such unconventional flight and observed according to several witnesses.

7. On several occasions (up to 15 minutes at a time) the object was observed moving in an erratic random pattern at an extremely high rate of speed then stopping abruptly. This maneuver was repeated on several occasions and was totally unlike any known aircraft performance capabilities.

The CONCLUSIONS of findings and balloons were ruled out as obviously inapplicable.

There has been other UFO activity in the area, Massachusetts said. They have recorded little or no publicity.