The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an excerpt from a Project Blue Book report. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

33237th Fly 'ng Rag (MB), RAAF, Fllcc
CONTIHENTS OF Ppcpa.rlig Officers

10. Evaluation of the source and merit to acctirucr^l^y judge thai;, However, our

investigation hae eatabliehed to the source viae a private oitlaen vho could bo located to sign cetlif iceto statements prior to stibEtiesion of this report* Thie citizen was the fact that her husband related a alisilar eighting in the same general area approximately 2 weeks prlo-r* Consequently, It is felt this cltlo^en's report should be considered as corroborating evidence to hie wife's report.

ae A sighting of an unidentified aerial object was made by C.pt. — , KF, (MC), USAF, on 14 July 1^52. This incident was documented end a preliminary report was forwarded to Air Material Command on 19 July 1952#.

Thia object was described as rounding in shape with no wings or tall, 
■wjpareotly and had a rather pointed noise. It was silver colored, and looked larger than a fighter 
plane. It was observed at an altitude of approximately 10,000 feet.

e, Other aerodynamic fesaturoe or the propulsion system could not be determined since the object was nob studied in detail. The object was estimated to bo better than 2,000 utiles an hour. This waa determined by the distance the object covered in a relatively short span of time. Ko sounds or flame were visible, and it was determined that the characteristics of the object compared to our conventional aircraft had traveled at an estimated air speed of 130 m.p.h, during the laBt few seconds of observations. Kq sound could be heard due to the extremely high epeed of the object.

do The object remained in level flight going in the opposite direction 
of the aircraft (approximately 140 degrees) at about the same altitude of hie aircraft, Tho object turned and continued on a parallel course.

e. The aighting was made at approximately 1J00 hoars, 14 July 1952.
Visually ,tine obj-ct waa seen for approximately 3-4 minutes, During this time it 
remained on a steady course in the traffic pattern at about 10,000 feet above 
ground, The pilot last saw the object when it disappeared completely out of sight.

£, Only scattered clouds were noticed in the area at the time of the sighting* Winds variable; no turbulence. Mo fragments or no photographs taken. Ho interception or identification action was taken*

g« Several other B-29'e were flying in the pattern at the time.