There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Captain Wallace C. Harley, USA
Production Branch
Audio-Visual Division, OSI, CSAE(FA)
Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense
Washington 25, D. C.

Dear Captain Harley:

Thank you for your cordial and informative communication of 28 February. Your continued cooperation and interest is appreciated.

Naturally, I shall keep in touch with your office as the script to the proposed documentary progresses. However, the narrative will generally concern itself with more general, historical aspects of the picture and the motion of UFOs as observed, rather than any specific details of the script or this post-narrative file will depend largely on what is available for inclusion by the Department of Defense.

As you will note from the attached nebulous petition at the end, I am certain that this will resolve everything. However, I would be hand to tell you just what the purchase or stock footage entails. Thank you.

There is no specific point that I wish to clarify with you. Your reference to US Air Force inquiry into the availability of your motion pictures of the Air Force, you responded, proved the specific footage that you have furnished and there is no record of its return from the Air Force.

This is regarding testimonies of the films about which I inquired was allegedly taken by a cinema-geodolite crew at Vandenberg Air Force Base, California, and there is a letter from Major Robert B. Spence, USAF, describing the film in some detail.

This is to point out that Incident AZZ on 22 August, 1952. Let me here quote the caption to Frames 15 and 16 from this reel: "Hovering object, apparently a solid body, was filmed by RADAR and seen by ground watchers. The object was observed at 30,000 feet, near Wright Field, at 11 a.m. on 11 October 1952. I believe the movie was not on 16mm and not 35mm film.

And the United States Naval Photographic Interpretation Center were referred to by Edward J. Ruppelt, Capt. USAF, former Chief of Project Blue Book, as having "no knowledge whatsoever" about your strips of 16mm or 35mm film that fell into their possession during the existence of Project Blue Book.

There had or have been other categories of "missing" or "concealed" film footage that fell into the hands of DOD, CIA and others, but I have no further details on these at this time. Proving this, of course, requires considerable research.

I hope this helps.

Sincerely,