The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text extracted from the document:

Was the object:
a. Stationary?
b. Flaming?
c. Spinning?
d. Hovering?

Did the object rise or fall while in motion? Yes

Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
a. Pinhead
b. Dime
c. Nickel
d. Half dollar
e. Silver dollar
f. Grapefruit
g. Larger >

How did you happen to notice the object(s)? Result of a telephone call reporting strange objects.
What direction was the object(s) moving? From over a valley to over the horizon.
What was the duration of the sighting and description of the object(s)? The object was observed for a short time.
Compare the speed of the object(s) with a plane or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude. Est. 100 mph.
Was any unusual sound heard? None
Please describe the distance of the object(s). 500-5000 feet away Approx. 500 ft.
What was the condition of the object(s) in the sky? Please mark on this hemisphere sketch:

Name and address of other witness, if any: Mr and Mrs Moyer and Moyer's sister.
Please furnish 4 copies of a locality of the observation showing nearby your position, the direction from which the object(s) came, the course over the area, town, village, railroad, and other landmarks.

Is there a control tower, CAA, weather bureau, airport, or research installation in the area? Next Door: Airport
Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.
Were you contacted by any airline, aircraft observer, civil defense, or other officials? If so, please state the date, time, and details as to where and when the questioning took place.
Were you ever told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please explain.

We would appreciate it if you would sign the enclosed form, authorizing the release of this report to other research agencies. This action will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations. Your name and address will be kept confidential.

Date of Mailing: Apr 22, 1966
Signature: [redacted]