There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be the text content of a document page from Project Blue Book, an Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

Here is the text content as transcribed from the image:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
FROM (Location): Langley, DATE: 23 JUL 1952 
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects PAGE 1 OF 2 PAGES
1. Witnesses:
Capt. H.B. Poole, 36th FIS, Turner AFB, Albany, Georgia.
Lt. R.W. Holcomb, 36th FIS, Turner AFB, Albany, Georgia.
Airman 1/c Charles H. Miller, 36th FIS, Turner AFB, Albany, Georgia.
2. The observers (Lt. Holcomb and Airman Miller) were flying a routine visual reconnaissance mission at approximately 1400 hours on 12 July 1952 when they sighted seven circular, disc-shaped objects flying at high speed on a northeasterly heading. The objects were observed for approximately one minute and during this time they accelerated rapidly and disappeared from sight. The objects were between 35,000 and 40,000 feet altitude and were traveling between 2,000 and 3,000 mph. The objects were observed to make abrupt 90 degree turns and displayed no trail or exhaust of any kind.
3. The following were immediately reported to Turner AFB operations:
a. The presence and description of the objects.
b. The time and location of the sighting.
c. The direction of flight.
d. The approximate altitude and speed of the objects.
4. Requests were immediately made for this sighting to be positively confirmed by other aircrews and/or ground observers. Negative results were obtained.
5. The previous sighting of the objects led to an intensive visual and radar search of the area. Although radar plots were obtained, the visual confirmation could not be made due to failure of the radar sets in the area. This failure was attributed to heavy local interference and atmospheric conditions.
6. The historical significance of this sighting lies in the fact that it represents a well-documented case of visual sighting of unidentified flying objects by competent and reliable observer under good visibility conditions. The performance of the objects observed is clearly beyond the present capabilities of any known aircraft.
7. Person supervising this report:
Ipton D. Sperry
Captain, USAF
Acting Assistant Director of Intelligence