There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

MISSOURI STATE HIGHWAY PATROL
January 27, 1967

Subject: Report of unidentified flying objects, Gasconade County, Missouri.
To: Commanding Officer, Troop F, Missouri State Highway Patrol, Jefferson City, Missouri.

1. On March 5, 1967, Trooper S. replied regarding reports earlier in the evening of March 5, 1967, that there were several unidentified flying objects observed in the area of Gasconade County, Missouri. He stated that he had observed these objects and that they appeared to be flying at a high altitude and moving at a high rate of speed. He stated that he had notified other officers in the area who also had observed these objects and that they were unable to identify them as any known aircraft. The objects were described to change in shape and size and to display various colors including red, orange, and green. The objects were observed over a period of approximately 2 hours and 45 minutes. It was stated that several other people had reported seeing these objects to the Troop F Communications Center.

2. On March 6, 1967, a Trooper reported back to the Troop F Communications Center that he had been back to the area and had not observed any unidentified flying objects. He stated that he had talked to several people in the area but was unable to locate anyone who would admit to having seen the objects on the previous evening.

3. It is the opinion of this officer that Mrs. [redacted] was in a sight rash that evening and that she was mistaken in her observations. When the officer arrived at her home, she stated that several other people had seen the objects, but the officer was unable to locate any of these people. The officer also stated that Mrs. [redacted] had been drinking prior to the time that she claimed to have observed the objects, and he feels that this may have contributed to her inability to make an accurate observation.

D. M. Gallaway, Corporal
Cdr: Sergeant H. P. O'Dell