There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

M, XX is approximately twenty-five years of age; he resides on his farm and does seasonal work around the Research Exhibit, Mr. XXXXX, Walla Walla, Washington. He works for Mr. XXXXX and does farm and odd jobs around the Research Exhibit. Mr. XXXXX is considered by the people he associates with to be a reliable person.

On 21 July 1954, accompanied by Sheriff Nickell, the investigating officer investigated a reported sighting of an object from three witnesses. There was no sign of any activity in the area and no traces were found to corroborate a claim of their feet in the area. The area has a heavy tree coverage.

On 14 August 1954, an intensive ground search of the entire area was accomplished by the investigating officer for a period of three hours. The only results were a very heavy fall of various types of vegetation. Accompanying persons were several State Forest and Game people. No evidence substantiating any of the details of the sighting was found. The visibility was unlimited.

A check with the State and Forestry people disclosed that there was no other activity in the area at the time of the sightings.

A check with the Weather Bureau at Larson AFB and the assistant of the Weather Station indicated that the rain and wind conditions at the time of the sighting, with temperatures in the high eighties and the wind was perfectly calm, there was very few clouds, at approximately hourly intervals rainfall was produced. The lights observed and the visibility were a limited factor.

The results of this investigation revealed that no object of the size reported could have existed in the area in question.

The lights observed can be explained as coming from the headlights of cars and the illumination from lighted areas. This is verified by the fact that reported descriptions match the physical characteristics of automobile headlights. This fact plus the good visibility and the few trees in the area can give the illusion of signal lights when the automobile headlights are reflected from the clouds present at the time.

The sounds reported by the two witnesses can easily be explained. On the night of 29 July, the atmospheric conditions were such that even the sounds produced by normal conversation could be heard for a great distance.