There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document with handwritten text.

Transcribed text from the document:

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? Rise
20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
a. Pinhead
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Half dollar
e. Silver dollar
f. Orange
g. Grapefruit
h. Larger
21. If smaller, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.
22. Where was the object(s) first seen? what were you doing at the time? hovering the field
23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? into the clouds
24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a plane or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude. traveling comparatively faster
25. What was the duration of the sighting? in the location the planes discovered?
26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s) from the observer. quite a distance presumably close to 300 yards
27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? Please mark on this hemisphere sketch. (drawing)
28. Please draw or describe the object(s) as you saw it. if possible, give dimensions. (drawing)
29. Please give a map of the locality of the observation. if possible, showing the direction from which the object(s) approached and departed, landmarks, roads, buildings, etc. (drawing)
30. Is there any other, similar, government or research installation in the area? Only Norwalk airport
31. Please state other details of an unidentified nature, if any, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper. If none, please indicate. We will return the material to you. If there is additional material, such as photographs, other documents, please list the names and addresses of the key personnel, his office, and details as to who and when the questioning took place. 
If there is no further information to report, please indicate. If there is, we would appreciate your forwarding them to us as soon as possible.
Thank you for your cooperation.