The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, describing an incident involving two sergeants working in the VYA-212 Operations Office in Korea on June 22, 1952.

The text of the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
FROM: ATIL Office, D/I FEAF
REPORT NO: IR-22-52
PAGE: 1 OF 2

The two (2) sergeants working in the VYA-212 Operations Office, reported sighting an object, approximately four (4) feet in width, at an altitude of approximately 10,000 feet above the ground, just above the K-2 airstrip in Korea.

The object was first sighted approximately four (4) feet in width, was first spotted at an angle of 45 degrees, traveling from the north to the south at an estimated speed of 200 - 300 knots. The object was described as circular in shape, silvery in color, and orange in color, at 2215, 22 June 1952. 

As the object passed directly overhead, the sergeants stated that it came to a complete stop, and then proceeded in a straight line for a distance of approximately 1,000 feet above the west end of the airstrip. During this maneuver, the object was observed to oscillate (four to five) times, one-fourth (1/4) mile, (two to three seconds elapsed during this maneuver), where it then proceeded on its original course.

The object then proceeded to make a 180 degree turn to the right, spending about 45 to 60 seconds in the turn. As the object completed the turn, it began a climbing spiral, gaining altitude, and was noticed, followed by complete darkness.

The two observers stated that during the period of the sudden darkness, the object could not be seen. No sound was audible, and during the entire sequence of maneuvers, no sounds were apparent.

Comments by Originating Preparing Officer (1st Lt. Walter H. Polak, Intelligence Officer):

As a result of combined and individual interrogation of the two (2) enlisted men concerned, the following is submitted:

The Marine Air Group Aerology Officer revealed that meteorological conditions prevailing, there was no ceiling or visibility prevailing at the time spotted, and no explanation could be given. The period of the visual sighting would give added credence to the actual phenomenon observed.

Marine Aircraft Group Aerology reports the weather during this period as follows:
Temperature: 71 Degrees
Wind: 4/19 at Cl	25,000 feet
Ceiling:
Visibility: 6-10 miles

UNCLASSIFIED