The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document regarding unidentified flying objects.

UNCLASSIFIED
Described the weather as slightly hazy in that few stars were visible, but no cloud formations. At time of sighting. The witness saw no other meteors, contrails, or flares. He said the time of sighting was 2215 hours.
G-20 de 1952, at approximately 2215 hours, Brooklyn student was interviewed by inspector G. B., Brooklyn, that he had observed five (5) or six (6) minutes, and again sighted at 2220 hours. The objects appeared to be a very large star, color bluish white in color. The object made no sound, and its speed was estimated to be 3 very steady on a circular flight to the western sky, and faded from sight. It reappeared later in the eastern sky, did a series of gyrations, and faded from sight. The objects was sighted from the root of his Williams Avenue, Brooklyn, and no special equipment was used. There were no clouds or any light conditions that would aid or assist in maintaining a steady visibility of the object.
In the witness' statement, he said that two (2) sightings were observed, and that he had heard from the residents that the Brooklyn High School, Brooklyn, had also observed the objects simultaneously at this given time.
On 19 June 1952, at 2235 hours, two U.S. Air Force members at Newark Air Force Base, Newark, New Jersey, received a telephone call from a person who stated that he had just observed what he believed to be a flying saucer. On 20 June 1952, Mr. interviewed and he stated that he had observed a bright light which was brighter than a star. The object made a steady light which was brighter than a star, and was not following a steady track. He did not notice any exhaust or trail behind the object. The object remained visible to him for approximately (20) seconds. There was no sound associated with the object. The light was yellowish in color. Mr. Durning, during World War II, was an aircraft spotter, and through German V-2 observations acquired some knowledge relating to identification of aircraft. This was the first experimental jet to be tested. In addition, just a short time later, a bright light zoomed over the base and disappeared from sight at a high rate of speed. It was definitely not an aircraft according to the witness.
It is believed that the object which he observed was definitely neither a star, planet, nor a satellite, according to the witness' observation, the skies were clear and it was not windy.

UNCLASSIFIED