This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text in the document is as follows:

"Was the object -
a. self-luminous?
b. reflector?
c. diffuse?
d. transparent?

Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? with up to --Tc clouds-
Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
a. Pinhead
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Half dollar
f. Silver dollar
g. Orange
h. Grapefruit

If answer, give apparent size in Inches on a ruler held at arm's length.

When did you first notice the object(s)? 6:43 p.m. 
Where were you and what were you doing at the time? Watching the object moving
How did the object(s) disappear from view? went straight up & disappeared
Compare the speed of the object(s) with a pistol or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude. Slow  
Were any sounds(s) heard in connection with the observation or the time immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate. No, no sounds were heard.
Bare facts only. The object(s) was(were) 3 red Fuels
What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? Please mark on this hemisphere sketch:
Number and size of objects, if any?

Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North your position; the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared; the course over the area (road, village, railroad, and other landmarks within 20 miles).

Is there a military, civilian, or research installation in the area?
Have you ever seen any objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.
Please describe any unusual weather conditions, cloud formations, smoke, dust, or other phenomena, related to the air or ground which may have a bearing on the observation. Include direction, estimated altitude, and approximate time of observation. If possible, regarding these or other observations, or any other background material. We will return the material to you.

Were you asked or did you discuss with anyone the incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please elaborate.

Was about 11 miles north and from your notes I learned this information was obtained in connection with this report. This section well encourage other individuals to submit reports, and well also provide an opportunity for you to answer a few more questions regarding this incident, if you care to do so. Thank you for your cooperation.

Date of filing this report: April 30."