The image contains no photograph, only text from a document.

UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS:

1. This investigation requested by the District Commander, predicated upon information furnished by Captain RUDOLPH A PANTAZZI, Assistant Director, Division of the USAF investigation, concerning the observation of unidentified aerial objects by 1/Sgt.____ .

2. At 1750 (LST) 2 September 1952, West Map Air Force Base, Arizona, Captain THOMAS F. MANTELL, Jr., USAF, and his friend (5) LT. CLEMENS, silver-colored unidentified objects appeared on the horizon, and were observed to drop on the horizon at a very fast rate of speed. About 5 to 6 miles from the base at an altitude of 10,000 to 15,000 feet in altitude and less (10) to fifteen (15) miles away. The surfaces of these objects are set forth in detail in investigation conducted by the formation.

3. The objects observed by 1/Sgt. ____ and ____ were round on top, flat on the bottom, and silver in color. Although these objects were about ten (10) to fifteen (15) miles distant and at what appeared to be 50,000 to 60,000 feet of altitude, they were the same size as a 1-29 bomber flying in the same compass quadrant roughly five (5) miles away at 21,000 feet altitude. These objects remained at a fixed altitude and did not change position as the lower elements of the formation appeared to be changing positions so rapidly that the exhausts, pointing in different directions, created no sound, and travelled at an unestimable high rate of speed. They changed course to an easterly direction and formation changed to a line formation, possibly five (5) seconds of easily flight, the formation again changed directions to the northeast and disappeared from view. The formation remained so for about two (2) to three (3) minutes when they did not just disappear as if due to a distance, but rather the visual impression was that they were operating at such tremendous speed that they darted out of sight. These objects reflected the same highly polished, more efficient reflecting surface. These reflections came from the objects during various tunes and maneuvers.

4. Captain PANTAZZI states that 1/Sgt. ____ has ten years of service in the Air Force, is of average intelligence and seems to be very sincere in his relation of this sighting. He is judged by his superiors to be completely reliable. 1/Sgt. observation was not the result of meteorological or astronomical phenomena. It was in good physical condition and has never suffered from hallucinations.

UNCLASSIFIED