The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report related to Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla
Page 2

4 June 1959

had witnessed this, no followup whatever was made. It is to be agreed in many quarters, that it is just of this facelious, but somewhat deadly remark by someone that this book might be callous "more the pity for the Intelligence or Unexplained", (Evan Sanerson's organization) but that for the Explanation of the Unfortunate. Since 1947, more cases were not adequately followed up. This I had often pointed out to capts. In Dayston and in Washington, that a day's reaction might some day come when the Air Force might be asked to show cause why an explanation or investigation was not made. In this connection, no attempt apparently was made even to find out the others who had missed this sighting. How many of those were able to observe this incident, and what were the attempts made to find out the duration of the sighting. In view of this, it is presently impossible to form any idea of a valid judgment as to what the stimulus that gave rise to this report might have been. No light is throw(n) on the significant circumstances, and no effort apparently was made to get this additional information because of this lack of "followup". A store of information may have been available, but this store was never tapped. Incidentally, how is the case preserved - unidentified, or insufficiently identified? The fact would definitely be more appropriate.

3. 4 June 1952, Stuttgart, Germany.

I have rated this a 23 cc meaning puzzling but possibly explainable case of credibility 6. Since this was only a single observation, it does not permit any conclusions. The observation was characterized as a reddish-yellowish glowing cylindrical object. At the time the object was designed by the Directorate of Intelligence of the British as possibly a "jet trainer". This was, they considered, a misidentification of an F-84, and reported instead a very bright star. The regulations fairly tight turns, and then have turned their own aircraft while the regulators have probably conceded that the evaluation of possible aircraft is justified. As unidentified as an aircraft, one might also have possibly unidentified and at the end of the year have blue book over the years in tranforming/possible" and "problely into firm actualities.