The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a report from the Missouri State Highway Patrol regarding an unidentified flying object sighting in Crawford County, Missouri on March 7, 1967.

MISSOURI STATE HIGHWAY PATROL
Case #:
March 7, 1967

Subject: Report of unidentified flying object, Crawford County, Missouri
To: Commanding Officer, USAF, Offutt AFB, Nebraska

1. On March 7, 1967, Trooper D.A. Rotts advised reporting officer that they had received a letter from a resident, who stated that he and one-half miles north of Rolla, Missouri, had observed an unidentified flying object on the night of March 6, 1967. 

2. The reporting officer interviewed the resident, who stated that on the night of March 6, 1967, at approximately 10:45 PM, he and his wife were driving about one and one-half miles north of Rolla, Missouri, when they observed a bright light in the sky. This light appeared to be several hundred feet above the ground and was moving in a westerly direction. The object appeared to be about 25 to 30 feet in diameter and was circular in shape. The object emitted a bright bluish-white light and made no sound. The object was observed for approximately two to three minutes before it disappeared over the horizon.

3. The resident stated that he had been in the Rolla area for several years and had never observed anything similar to this object. The resident stated that he was a businessman and that his wife was with him at the time of the observation. The resident further stated that he had no explanation for the object and was unable to determine what it could have been.

4. The night of March 6, 1967, this officer was back to the home of the resident and the officer was able to confirm the details as given by the resident. This officer also interviewed the resident's wife, who corroborated the details as given by the resident. They have nothing further to add and were unable to offer any explanation for the object.

5. It is the opinion of this officer that the resident and his wife observed an unidentified flying object on the night of March 6, 1967. This officer feels that the resident and his wife are reliable persons and have no reason to fabricate or exaggerate their observations. The officer feels that their observations are worthy of further investigation by competent authorities.

D.A. Rotts, Trooper
Sgt. Sergeant A.F. O'Dell