The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report detailing an investigation into a UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

The puzzling thing about the entire case is how Mr. ---- came into possession of the rather remarkable color polaroid photographic prints. What were the circumstances under which the photographs were taken, and how were they contoured? Somebody sent to a fair amount of trouble, but why? I questioned both the sheriff and asked the reporters to find out also, whether Mr. ---- was ever known to have bought photographic supplies in the local stores, and whether he knew anything about photography himself. The reply to this as far as could be determined, was negative - he had not. This is very interesting, but it should not be interpreted as a determined attempt to add significance to what might otherwise be a psychology master's degree thesis!

It should be pointed out that the "sighting" was by no means the only case reported in that area. There follow copies of a space of reports, apparently all through the year, and as late as November 1967, when somewhat similar luminous body sighting. "It was big enough to have a car in," mentioned by one of the witnesses.

I believe there is a moral to be drawn from the wellknown Air Force Project Blue Book cases, and here a typical investigation on this case. From very early in the examination and study of this case, we had a lot of later trouble could have been saved. We still don't know how the pictures came into being.

21. 2 April 1967, Shively, Kentucky.
The evaluation "possible aircraft" seems okay. The sighting fits a pattern of the unusual, but we do not know how much the young boys "read into" what might have been a perfectly ordinary sighting. They are familiar with the UFO literature, and could have given a highly preferential interpretation to their sighting. The sighting was of short duration, only 20 seconds or less, hardly enough time to make a cold appraisal at a time of high excitement. Proper investigation at the local level could have easily determined how much of this was interpretation and how much was fact.

22. 14 April 1967, Pit-tsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The evaluation "aircraft" on this is ludicrous, if any credence whatever is given to the sanity and reliability of the observer. If it was an aircraft, then it created in the mind of the observer an entire fantasy, because as the observer stated, "there is no object I've ever seen similar to this object I saw." Or could even compare to it."