The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to a report of unidentified flying objects in Crawford County, Missouri.

MISSOURI STATE HIGHWAY PATROL
Case # 89-0007
March 7, 1967

Subject: Report of unidentified flying objects, Crawford County, Missouri
To: Commanding Officer, Troop F, Missouri State Highway Patrol
Rolla, Missouri

1. On the night of March 6, 1967, Troop F Rolla advised reporting officers that they had received a call from a citizen who lived northwest of Bourb-on, Missouri. The citizen stated that she had seen some objects in the sky that looked like stars but were moving around and darting back and forth. She had attempted to call the Highway Patrol several times but the line was busy.

2. Reporting officers were dispatched to the location. Upon arrival, this officer and Sergeant A. F. O'Dell had been at the location some 20 minutes and had just about decided that they did not see anything, when the citizen pointed out three objects in the sky. The objects at first appeared to be stars, but they then observed that they were moving around and darting back and forth. The objects appeared to be self-luminous. The citizen stated that these objects had been visible for about an hour and a half. After observing the objects for some 10 to 15 minutes, they faded from view. The citizen stated that several other people had observed these objects.

3. On the night of March 6, 1967, this officer went back to the home of Mrs. Brown, who had called in the report. She stated that she and her husband had observed the objects again that evening. She said they appeared to be about the size of a basketball and were self-luminous. She stated they moved around and darted back and forth in the sky. This officer and Sergeant O'Dell were unable to observe any objects at that time.

4. In the opinion of this officer, Mrs. Brown, who lives in a rural area, appears to be a credible witness. She impressed this officer as being a very responsible person who was telling the truth about what she observed. However, this officer is unable to give any explanation as to the identity of the objects observed.

D. R. Shelton, Trooper
DRS:jb
cc: Sergeant A. F. O'Dell