The image appears to contain a page from an old Project Blue Book report document. There is no photograph present in this image.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla 4 June 1966
Page 3

Should the files of Blue Book ever be thoroughly examined by competent scientists, this incorrect statistical procedure will surely be pointed out as being most unscientific. Though more cumbersome, the proper thing to do is, of course, to carry in the statistical records the number of let us say, aircraft, probable aircraft, and possible aircraft cases as separate entries.

4. 5 June 1952, Lubbock, Texas.
Properly classed as unknown. It would be straining things to call these possible aircraft in view of the experience and capability of the trained observers concerned. The objects observed formed a flight of 4 or 6, according to different observers. For instance, what did they mean by "lights" appeared to be spherical and estimated the objects to be 40,000 feet high. Did they mean 40 inches or 40 feet? Very obvious illumination like this have been recognized for a long time in the formation in 1952 cases, etc. - but in view of the continued interest in the phenomenon in this and other countries, it behooves us to correct the mistakes of the past in the investigation of the present. Building case of the present and not the past, the only tangible evidence obtainable appears to be the gross lack of support for this phenomenon. AIAA, which is meant by "two objects were approximately 100 yards apart". At 40,000 feet this would mean a separation angle of approximately one-half degree. This would be an intended angle of separation of such objects have been checked out by an intelligent investigating officer.

5. 12 June 1952, Wichita, Kansas.
The description sounds probably as "balloon". The probability even though a piball was reportedly launched 10 minutes earlier. There were two witnesses and the wind 25 miles per hour from the southwest it is unlikely that the balloon could have formed the maneuvers as reported. It was stated that the object remained almost motionless for 10 seconds, moved southwest at a fantastic rate, stopped, and then continued southward, covered 3 miles in just 15 seconds. Of directly east it an estimated speed of 400 miles per hour, at which time the object changed from globular to saucer-shaped. Observers agreed that the object was moving faster than anything.