The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book, which investigated UFO sightings. The document is a questionnaire for individuals who have observed unidentified aerial phenomena. It contains various questions about the time, location, duration, and other details of the sighting, as well as the condition of the sky at the time. The document does not include any human faces or identifying information.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please be as precise as you possibly can. The information that you give will be kept in confidence and will be used only for official Air Force purposes. Your name will not be connected with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
   Day Month Year

2. Time of day:
   Hour Minutes
   (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
   (Circle One): a. Eastern
                b. Central
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
   Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
   Hours Minutes Seconds
   a. Certain
   b. Fairly certain
   c. Not very sure
   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was the object in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   DAY NIGHT
   a. Clear a. Bright
   b. Cloudy b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One): a. In front of you
                b. In back of you
                c. To your left
                d. To your right
                e. Overhead
                f. Don't remember

FTD FORM This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete. 861-02 164