The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

at 1. 1952, two days after the Michigan in Bellefontaine, Ohio [?]. At 10:45 a.m. G.D.S.T., the radar operator at the Air Defense command Post picked up an unidentified target north of Dayton, moving southwest at a speed of about 585 miles an hour. Two jets from Wright-Patterson Air Force Base were scrambled for an intercept and were vectored in by ground control. Since the ground radar was not equipped with height-finding devices, however, the operator could not direct the pilots to a specific altitude; he could only tell them whether they were nearer to or farther from the target.

When the jets had reached 30,000 feet, ground radar informed them that they were almost on target, which was still moving southwest at the same speed. A few seconds later, the returns from the jets and the UFO blended on the radarscope and the operator advised the pilots that they would have to continue the search visually. At this moment, unfortunately, the ground radar suddenly failed. Soon after communication between ground and air had ended, the lead pilot observed a silver-colored sphere several thousand feet above him. Both jets went after it but although they climbed to their maximum altitude, 40,000 feet, neither could get close enough to identify the object, which was still some 30,000 feet above them. One pilot, however, managed to expose several feet of film with his gun camera. At the same moment the warning light on his gunsight blinked on to indicate it detected a solid object. At this point the jets broke off the intercept and started back to Wright-Patterson Field.

Both pilots then realized that, although they had been chasing an unknown for some ten minutes, they were still northwest of the base in almost the same area where they had started the intercept. This surprising fact seemed to indicate that the unknown had slowed down from its original speed of 585 miles an hour, to hover in the sky nearly motionless.

Flying-saucer addicts regarded this series of events as an ironclad case. One of them commented, "For the first time a saucer had been photographed during simultaneous radar and visual sightings, with the camera 'plane also locked on by radar. It was absolute proof that this saucer was a solid object, a controlled, disc-shaped machine." [10, p. 109]

After sifting the evidence, ATIC investigators eventually found the more prosaic though complicated solution to the puzzle.