The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document describing an unusual flying object sighting.

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:

This will serve to report the sighting of an unusual flying object at 3:30 p.m. on 13 May 1967 near Jackson, Mississippi, which I observed at about 5:10 p.m. The details of my observations are given below.

I am a professional hydraulic engineer, Grade GS-16, employed by the Corps of Engineers, U.S. Army, Washington, D.C. 20016. My telephone is Ext. 59641. My title is Technical Director. On 13 May 1967, I was sent to the Waterways Experiment Station at Vicksburg, Mississippi for three days temporary duty. On returning, I left Vicksburg about 5:00 p.m. and the object described above was first observed by me from the automobile on the way to the Waterways Experiment Station at Vicksburg. I was to drive me to describe my observations. I was on the Vicksburg-to-Jackson road where I was to spend the night. Mr. ***** was then to pick up passengers at the Jackson General Airport.

As stated above, we left Vicksburg about 5:35 p.m. and arrived in the Jackson area about 6:30 p.m. Our rendezvous with Jackson was from the west moving east along Highway 80. This highway is very congested and it takes some time to weave through the traffic. Shortly after 6 p.m. when we were about 4 miles west of Highway 80, I noticed an unusual object in the sky to the north, or off Highway 80. I finally turned due north (left, off Highway 80) and arrived in downtown Jackson, where our rendezvous point with Mr. *****. I do not recall the name of the street on to which we turned from Highway 80.

While still on Highway 80, the driver of the car, Mr. *****, said to me, "What is that thing flying up there?" He pointed about 15 degrees to the left and about 25 or 30 degrees above the horizon. I saw then a very strange object. It appeared to be very high - possibly a mile away, and it was not moving, that is, it was stationary with respect to the ground. It was very bright - for an aircraft) keeping about the pace of our car which was moving about 60 to 65 miles per hour.

It is my thought that what I saw was not a conventional aircraft. What I saw was a series of lights arranged in an irregular manner under the vehicle. What I saw was a series of lights on the CBS Times Newspaper Building in Times Square, New York City. In fact, I spent probably 30 seconds or more trying to read the advertisements. It was completely dark by this time, 6:30 p.m. or maybe 6:40, and the various lights were very clearly seen. I found, however, that I could not "read" any of the advertisements. I point out that this was an unusual object and I will be glad to discuss it further if you so desire.