There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE 
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 
WASHINGTON

REPLY TO
ATTN OFt BPR

SUBJECT: Investigations and Findings

TO: FTO (DDETIR)
Wright-Patterson AFB OH 45433

1. The following information is forwarded in accordance with AFR 80-17.

a. A report of UFO sightings was forwarded to Homestead AFB at 2207/8 Apr 67 by the Dade County (Hialeah Elementary School) located at 201 NW 17th Street, Miami. Copies of the statements received from the three teachers are attached. (See Exhibits A, B, and C)

b. Further investigation revealed that a Coast Guard helicopter was operating in the general area of the school. Instructions were to hover three miles to the north to perform a "touch and goes" from the end of the runway. The helicopters were white with red and black markings. The maneuvers began at 0931 just fourteen minutes before the sightings were first made.

c. As the color and maneuvers corresponds fairly well to those reported, the maneuvers were in conformance to those on the attached descriptions, the range and direction of sighting are the same as that of the North Perry Airport, and the sun was in such a position as to possibly have caused reflections which led to the initial observations, SAFOI has determined that no further investigation, upon query demand, issued a news release on 10 April 1967. See Exhibit D.

2. Exhibits F, G and H give an accurate portrayal of both the reactions and responses experienced which have resulted subsequent to the release of information on this incident. No derogatory information has been officially answered as no further statements have been received from Homestead AFB by any news media. The atmosphere surrounding this incident is somewhat emotional. In fact, it appears that the investigational reactions have been significantly exaggerated in the public's mind. Mass reaction to any stress situation often deviates from the norm which would be displayed had each person been isolated from those around him. Finally, once an individual unequivocally states that he saw a "flying saucer", normal psychological responses would tend to compel him to maintain his story against all attempts at refutation.

PEACE ... .15 OUR PROFESSION