The image appears to contain a newspaper article with a photograph, but there is no photograph shown in the provided image.

OCR output:

THE UNION Thursday, June 22, 1967 California

Lizzie Glotzrnier Reports Seeing Flying Saucers

Grass Valley - Nevada City

said a gesture of goodwill Miss
Glotzrnier has started an organiza-tion to aid their acceptance into earth society.

The society, the National As-sociation for the Acceptance of Centaurian People (NAACP), has already splinted off into a non-profit making group which will arrange for living contracts between earthlings and Centaurians.

The splinter group, Miss Glotzrnier said, has adopted the name Nevada Centaurs, LP.

Persons interested in the group may contact Miss Glotzrnier through telepathy.

UFO Experts Say NSJ Photos Complete Fakes

The photos, taken into custody
by the Air Force, show several unidentified flying objects experts at the University of Colorado at Boulder.

Dr. David Saunders, who heads
the university's UFO center,
called the photographs fakes
when he first saw them and
added the features were not of sufficient interest.

The photos, taken by two
amateur photographers, were presented the Air Force Base at St. Joseph A. Kingerman, not because of their value, but because the conference was called by Dr. Saunders anyway.

The photos were taken by two area residents and they revealed to officials that officially they had talked with the occupants of the flying saucers. who spoke English and promised to return on Saturday. They did not return.

North San Juan, a saucer sighting has been eclipsed by a saucer landing, has gotten back yard sunbathing.

The alleged shaped objects have been seen for a few moments above her home, left and then returned.

When the saucer returned. Miss Glotzrnier said, a strange voice announced they were the Centauri, the nearest star to the Earth besides the sun.

The occupants, Miss Glotzrnier said, were complaining of the saucer's cramped quarters and expressed a desire to converse with other earthlings.

The Centaurians, according to Miss Glotzrnier, described themselves as people who live on land and in trees. She said they refused to elaborate on their appearance.

The Centaurians, Miss Glotzrnier said, are shy of people who recentannounce the starsin the sky.

According to Miss Glotzrnier, a North Street bar in Grass Valley was the only place they had been able to find where they were accepted without trouble.

They seem to speak our language there," she said "they