The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I have processed the text in the document and produced the following output:

Intelligence Officer
Castle Air Force Base 
Merced, California

Dear Sir:

I wish to report the sighting of an odd aerial object sighted by a friend of mine at approximately 10:30, 20 August.

While talking to this friend in his yard, we were attracted by a loud jet-like sound, and looking up observed the object. It was traveling northerly, but suddenly made an abrupt turn to the east, and we could not discern its movements. The object appeared to be "cigar-shaped", very small, and at a considerable altitude. It passed momentarily, and moved vertically and sidewise to the left, then disappear. 

It passed momentarily, and moved vertically and sidewise to the left, then disappearance after a short time.

The complete maneuver can best be described as a square course at constant speed, with a sudden change of course as previously described. The speed was far too great for any ordinary aircraft, and for too erratic for any production experimental aircraft.

The object could not have been a meteor, or reflection of any kind, and could not possibly have been the planet Venus, or any star formation. It was sighted in a very clear sky, and there were no other celestial bodies to confuse it with.

The color was a little about my background. I've had some of the material on the island is light like, and some 50 hours of flying in all types of conventional aircraft over a several years period. I've been under strict military orders of air traffic phenomena. There are many case histories and unidentified photographs on the subject, but very often they do not contain enough details to be conclusive.

In summary, we were fascinated by the loud jet-like roar of an unusual aircraft, and being ex-military aviation enthusiasts, we could not identify the object according to our past experience and knowledge. It did not actually resemble any known type of aircraft.