The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text from the document:

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)

24 August 1965
South Africa

STATION NOTES
Under the section direction of David "Fourth Growth" LeConte of FLORIDA. The News is preparing an article on "The Cultivation of Beards in Under-developed Areas." We solicit padded pictures and compliments from such beautiful fishermen as Peter "Saint" Brand, "Honest Abe" Jeffrey, "Interplanetary" Steuer, Rick "Timber-line" Powell, Walt "Prairie Net" Munn and all other past, present and future beneficiaries and their wives.

HAWAII - A dozen scientists, most of them Russian, from the research ship Vega visited SE-12 for a half-hour July 1. According to the Honolulu Advertiser they "enjoyed inspecting all the scuttles and were enthralled with a 3-foot wide 2-inch thick concrete measure time to the millionth of a second." And, "Once, when one Soviet questioned the Smithsonian's release of its data, the head of the Chilean station angrily refuted him, producing a small plastic whistle and blew it." The questioning incident was a joke, distorted by the newsmens' reports. There was no questioning of the Smithsonian release, one member of the group was blowing a whistle and i understand it was of Russian manufacture. I believe this was the first Russian group ever to visit SE-12.

CURACAO - And then the rains came! Water rushed in from the road and at its worst was up against the residential bldg. and within 3 inches of going into trailer; it flowed around the station to the east before running off in a clear to the south. Picture taken 2 hours after maximum discharge. 

That strange occurrence, which is Papiamento (the lingua [franca] of Curacao) for "Great rain!" came Aug. 22. And was it during that rain that John Kelliher's boat sank in St. Anna Sound? And has that been salvaged? We would like to know.

MEN IN SPACE - THE HISTORIC PICTURES!

Here shown for the first time is the remarkable sequence of all B-N photographs of astronauts aloft - manned space activities to date.

1. June 3 - Astronauts Cooper and Conrad, photographed by South Africa May 16, 1965. Amazing sequences of images, by hand-swinging the camera by observers Duane Gingerieh and few others, is hard to find and follow.

2. "Gemini 3," astronauts White and McDivitt, launched March 23, 1965 from Cape Kennedy, Florida - Bob Gilruth, Director, Van's Sant June 3.

3. "Gemini 5" astronauts Cooper and Conrad, photographed by Australia - Fred Warren, Dennis Cowlish, Aug. 21. 

"And here shown (4) is another, equally remarkable, picture of the remarkable hover taken of the recovery together of a manned space vehicle's launching rocket." (This photograph is printed backward for greater clarity.)

Object: human-casing casting of the Titan rocket aft section at least 17 pieces in atmosphere, Some of those pieces may have fallen into the Indian Ocean.
Time: Aug. 21 - 3 days, 50 revolutions, after launch.
Comments: Same Africa - Van't Sant and Werner Kirchhoff, who said, "... sighted at the predicted time, first as a red glow just outside the Earth's atmosphere ... we have been trying for years to get photographs of space objects and this is just fantastic!" 
Fantastic indeed! Bravo. Baker-Nunns all - for all stations, whether geographically able to photograph or not, having done so. HARRY A. FRESE.