The provided image does not contain any photographs. It is an "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" form that appears to be part of a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
FROM: Lt. Col. ROBIN, FB. C.
REPORT NO. [REDACTED]
PAGE 1 OF 1 PAGES

1. Unidentified Flying Objects:
a. Observer: [REDACTED]
b. Location: Warner Robins, Georgia
c. Date and Time: 15 September 1952 at 1935 hours EST
d. Weather: (Official report of Base Weather Station) 1.39 inches of rain, wind velocity 15-20 miles per hour, visibility 7.5 miles, temperature 79 degrees, dew point 59 degrees, surface wind calm.
Visual observations: White glowing lights, color from yellowish white to bright white. Size approximately 20 degrees in diameter. Appeared to be at 5,000 to 10,000 feet altitude.
Estimated speed: tens of knots, six thousand feet were covered in approximately 15 seconds. Objects appeared to be circular, or elliptical in shape. Sound: none. No vapor trails, only a slight trail or exhaust was observed from the objects.
2. As interviewed by a representative, this officer stated that to the best of his recollection, this was the first time he had seen such phenomena. The objects were perfectly round, and were observed for a period of approximately 15 to 20 seconds. At one time, three objects were observed, two of which appeared to be traveling the same general course, while the third appeared to be off to the side in a separate course. The objects appeared to be under intelligent control and were maneuvering. Upon disappearance of the objects, the witness stated that he immediately contacted the Base Operations Officer and reported the incident.
3. While were [sic] traveling almost, five hundred (500) to seven hundred (700) feet, the objects seemed to be moving very fast, approximately fifteen (15) degrees per second. Witness estimated that the objects were traveling at a speed of 1,500 to 2,000 miles per hour.
4. As estimated, three (3) miles from the observer, the objects appeared to be dome-shaped.
5. He stated he was not under the influence of intoxicants at the time of observation.
6. He described no odor, vibration, smoke, flame or odor. Attached is a copy of the communication forwarding the original report from the position of the observer.
7. [REDACTED] is a pilot, and is presently in a flying status.
8. Objects had no recognizable markings or other means of identification other than shape, and had loud only when they appeared in the newspapers about shape. There were no exhaust trails or vapor trails and no noise was heard from the objects.