The image does not contain any photographs. I will now transcribe the text from the document:

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla
Page 10

Statement, included at Blue Book, to the effect that the "object" was not moving to except when the witness would travel in the car" is absolutely incorrect, if the witness is to be believed at all. Witness stated that the object suddenly speeded up and "when it was approaching me it had only vibrant red light that was visible". There is nothing I know of, or that I've ever seen with red lights that were as "brilliant" as Brilliantly.

Finally, witness became frightened because object appeared so close directly over her car and yet there was no sound at all. Unless one is willing to call this an absolute hallucination, and that there was no physical conflict present whatever, the conclusion "aircraft" simply won't hold up.

This case is an extremely interesting for me to interview the witnesses, as there were two rather than one as stated. They were independent and talked about it only after each had seen it separately.

I will make this personal investigation and report later.

23. 3 April 1967, Roseville, Michigan.
I would agree with the evaluation of possible birds, but suppose to be fair we should also add: possible unidentified data insufficient, no followup) The card indicates one object, and the report, however, clearly indicates that 10 to 12 lights were observed flying in V formation. This actually strengthens the "possible birds" evaluation.

24. 4 April 1967, Wheeling, W. Virginia. 
This is not in my files.

25. 5 April 1967, Westminister, Colorado
I suppose the entirely correct, but the data itself is interesting in that there were 13 witnesses. Here is one case the Gordon Committee should have looked into since there was sight at their backs diur. Also the object was visible for 15 minutes, and it was observed through a telescope. As a matter of fact, when I am in Boulder this July I will look into it myself, but for the statistics, the evaluation "insufficient data" certainly holds.