The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page. The text is handwritten and describes a sighting of unidentified aerial objects over Glendale, California on November 20, 1952 for approximately 1.5 hours.

Transcribed text:

Subject: Unidentified Aerial Objects
over Glendale, California
20 November 1952, 1.30 hours
UNCLASSIFIED

Spherical objects approaching from the northwest at an altitude of 10,000 feet or estimated through TV first impression that they were not merely stars. The day was unusually clear, and by binoculars (8 power) the objects could be seen distinctly. At times the bright western sun was reflected on their sides as they cruised in formation in a direction which appeared generally eastward or southeastward. One sphere was flying erratically, darting here and there, while others followed in an more easterly direction in an Air Force two-engine bomber crossed in front of me and between the objects, and the objects appeared, and at the moment when the bomber and the spheres approached most closely only a small portion of the bomber could be seen as the objects seemed to grow suddenly larger blocking out I should estimate the apparent size of the spheres to have been at the most when closest to the Central Air Terminal (although it was not descending for a landing there) as not much less than the pilot, or anyone on the left side of the bomber had been looting in the direction of the spheres they could not have missed seeing them. The spheres they could not have missed seeing them. The spheres (all apparently identical in size) appeared to be about as large as a baseball, but since the spheres were above the search light of the landing Tower they, I cannot even guess their actual size.

I got out of my car, keeping the spheres in sight all the time, and soon after the apparent meeting of the bomber and the spheres which seemed to change shape slightly and appear somewhat flattened on one side. They seemed to diminish in size and to climb rapidly, disappearing within a few seconds above Glendale and the Verdugo hills. In a matter of not more than a few minutes they had traversed the northern and northeastern sky and also the swiftly approaching distance between me and the sphere(s). It directed and disappeared. Above Glendale and the Verdugo hills, they passed out of the range of my vision, and I could not discern either their altitude or direction of flight. Nor was there anything like a vapor trail. Their disappearance was complete and sudden, as their appearance had been. The noise of the bomber could have drowned out any noise from the spheres, while its lights distracted much of the attention. The color of the spheres was very bright white and dazzling, like aluminium, though they seemed to have a peculiar gleam all their own, and definitely no color flashing such as might accompany the usual power lines or other electrical installations. If there were windows, or other details, they were too distant for me to distinguish. When I first saw them they were directly overhead at the estimated altitude of 10,000 feet.

UNCLASSIFIED