The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typewritten document or report.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

To those it may concern:

Unidentified Foreign Object Office
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

I should appreciate any comment you may make on the following matter:

Last night during the period of approximately 2255 to 2312, I personally observed a celestial object having the apparent size of about 1 1/2 times the apparent size of the moon, moving at a relatively slow speed and in a northeasterly direction. The object remained in sight for approximately 2 minutes. It appeared to have a bright, star-like center, surrounded by a slight halo or glow.

Perhaps it is important to note that I was observing the moon at the time, and the object I observed was considerably to the right of the moon, perhaps as much as 20 miles or more.

There is little doubt in my mind but that the object I observed was not an airplane, satellite, or conventional star or planet. The steadiness of the motion and the pronounced light or glow surrounding the central bright portion serve to distinguish it from these known celestial objects. I am quite convinced that it was not a meteor or shooting star, as the period of observation was much too long for such a phenomena.

Perhaps it was a so-called "flying saucer." While I am not prone to getting excited about such things, I do feel that there is still much to be learned about the mysterious objects, and any information your office may be able to provide would be greatly appreciated.

I saw no apparent illumination or exhaust from the object, and it made no sound that I could detect. It simply moved along at a relatively slow and steady pace.

I would be interested to know if your office received any other reports of a similar nature from this general area during the period mentioned.

I am, of course, available should you desire any additional information or have any questions.

Sincerely,

/s/ Alfred H. Loedding, R.J.
August 25, 1954