There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book document. 

the sighting. I told him the little I knew. Lt. Mix stated that the area newspapers were calling and asking about the sighting. Lt. Mix stated that he would call them back in about an hour and only reveal the names of the boys involved. He suggested that I investigate the sighting immediately in order to get there before the newspapermen. I called Mrs. *** at 0745 hrs and requested to interview the boys that morning. She agreed.
I arranged with the Base Motor Pool to get a vehicle and left the base immediately. I arrived in N. San Juan at approximately 0915 hrs. The boys and parents were waiting for me in the S & G Grocery Store. I asked if the boys shouldn't be at school and they replied that she would take them to school after I talked with the boys.
I talked to the two boys together at this time. (I later felt that this was an incorrect investigative procedure for evident reasons.) I talked to *** first. He stated he was 12 years old and was in the sixth grade - one day from graduation. I asked him to describe the object he saw. He stated it looked like a saucer-shaped object with a rounded part on top. He got mixed up looking for words and asked if I would like to see the pictures. I said, "Yes" and he brought them to me. (See the attached prints.)
I asked him to back up and describe the whole incident from beginning to end. He said that he and ****, 9 years old, a third grader and a neighbor, had gone to the area after they got home from school at approximately 1600 hrs. The area itself is approximately 1/2 mile from the main route through town. There is a very dusty road leading to the area. 
The boys had taken a camera to the area with the intention of taking pictures of *** dog, Gingy. They used a Babette Camera, made in Hong Kong and distributed from the Toy House in Sacramento, Calif. The camera takes 16 pictures and was made of very weak plastic, coating 79¢. They used Kodak VP 127 film, Black and white film.