The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. 

The text output from the OCR system is as follows:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
Straight forward light, seemed to be almost perfectly horizontal 6 to 8 feet off ground moving silently.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
Approximately 15 - 18 inches

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pee 
c. Nickel
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One) of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
Just faded out and disappeared in a very gradual manner taking about 5 to 10 seconds.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
About 6-8 feet long and perhaps 15-18 inches in diameter, seemed to be a brilliantly lighted oval shaped object with no edges or rims visible, just a perfectly smooth oval surface that was glowing with a brilliant white light, about as bright as a welder's arc light. It was apparently self-luminous, as I could see no source of illumination on it. The light seemed to come from the entire surface. It appeared to be made of a highly polished aluminum with a shiny metallic surface. Its movement was smooth and silent giving the impression of antigravity. It could have been any type of "flying saucer" or disc shaped object of metallic construction.