There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which appears to contain a questionnaire or report form filled out by an observer.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
This form indicates questions asked by the United States Air Force and other armed forces investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP. After all the information has been obtained, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP (if it is regularly published). Should you need additional copies, please use another sheet of paper. Please print or type.

1. Name - Cheryl Rendel
Address - 11 Waverly Piace, Sinking Spring, Pa.
Telephone - 914 - 678 - 9455
Place of Employment - Housewife
Occupation - Housewife
Education - High School
Special Training - none
Military Service - none
2. Date of Observation - 4/9/65
3. Locality of Observation - Sinking Spring, Penna.
4. How long did you see the object? Hours - 2 Minutes - 0 Seconds - 0
5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky, i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc. - Clear, sunny day.
6. Direction of object first observed, and its course or path of flight, if changed - Seen in South Western Sky, hovering. 
7. If seen or felt, twilight, or dark, were the stars or moon visible? - No, stars not visible.
8. Was there any sound from the object? If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating size and other characteristics. - No sound.
9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light; was it revolving, etc. - Bright, silver, saucer-shaped object, appeared to be hovering.
10. What was the estimated size of the object as compared to known objects or your hand at arm's length? - Object appeared to be 40-50 feet in diameter.
11. If so, can you give an estimate of its altitude, such as very low, low, high, etc. - Object was low, estimated 1000-1500 feet altitude.
12. Did the object give off any light, such as glowing, fiery, reddish, bluish, etc.? - Object gave off bright, silvery light.
13. Eyewitness - Please describe any peculiar actions or behaviors of the object such as sudden starts, stops, changes in speed, etc. - Object hovered for several minutes, then shot off at a high rate of speed.
14. What was the background, i.e., in front, or behind of anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc. if possible. - Object hovered over open field, about 2 miles away.
15. Did you hear a sound(s) from the object(s) that is, a humming, whistling, roar, etc. or anything near the object? - No sound from the object.
16. Did the object(s) have any structural details, protrusions, or appendages? If so, what kind? - No structural details visible.
17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) - a. Fixed in one position, b. Hovering, c. Moving slowly, d. Moving rapidly. - Object hovered, then moved rapidly.