The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a UFO report document. The text in the document describes an encounter between two boys, Tony and Johnny, and a UFO. It mentions that the UFO rose off the ground and that the boys tried to interact with it, including pointing a "ray gun" at it. The text also mentions that the boys saw various controls and features on the inside of the UFO. However, the image does not contain any additional photographs beyond the one shown.

The text of the document is as follows:

The little boys from the UFO then gave Tony a "ray gun" and pointed to an old abandoned station wagon outside of the door. Tony aimed and pulled the trigger. The car "disintegrated." They then went inside toward the "computer buttons." They pointed to a button. Tony pushed it - the door shut and the "flying saucer" rose off the ground. They couldn't tell me how high.

At this time Johnny was directed to get into a miniature model of the flying saucer which stood in the middle of the floor. He said there were a lot of little controls on the panel. He sat in a small "leather chair" but had to crouch way up to fit himself in. The little girl pointed to a button but Tony rushed over and pulled Johnny out of the Miniature craft, stating that something might go wrong. (Johnny said the craft was just big enough to fit one of the little people.) Tony said they had better go at this time.

The "little people" wanted the two boys to take the ray gun. They refused. The "little people" then offered for them to take the "miniature flying saucer", but the boys again refused. Tony asked them what he should do with the pictures he had taken. They said to show them to a lot of people. Johnny and Tony left at this time.

The boys stood about ten feet from the UFO as it raised its ladder, closed its door and started up. The boys said that a lot of heat came out of the holes and their shirts were being blown by the motion of the craft.

The UFO slowly raised straight up to a height of about 50 feet. Tony ran underneath the UFO to take "this last picture." At this time a lot of fire came from the sides of the UFO, where the holes were, and it went at about a 45 degree angle into the clouds. It disappeared into the clouds in about 5 seconds. The time this complete story lasted was about one-half hour.