There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This seems to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

19. Did the object(s) move or float while in motion? Gradual up and down motion
20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following: 
a. Pinhead b. Pea c. Dime d. Nickel e. Silver dollar f. Orange Grapefruit
21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? OR was home and noticed in sky
22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? Driving home.
23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? TOOK FLIGHT AND DISAPPEARED
24. Compass direction of object(s) when first sighted. TOOK FLIGHT AND DISAPPEARED
25. Were there any sound associated with the object(s)? If so, please elaborate. 
26. Please estimate the duration of the sighting. GOD KNOWS
27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? 200 feet
28. Name and address of other witnessess, if any. 
29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North, your position, the direction from which the object(s) approached and the direction of its course over the area, roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within a 10 mile radius. Map attached.
30. Is there a military, public, industry, or research installation in the area? NORWOOD AIRPORT
31. Have you or any of your family been connected with, employed in, or associated with the military, the government, or subversive organizations? NO
32. Have you ever had any other experiences with unidentified aerial objects? If so, give details as to where, when and any other background material. No
33. Were any official investigations made of this case? The local police, airport manager, or civil defense, the news media, or any other groups were notified? If so, please state the names and details as to where and when the investigating took place.
34. Would you be willing to be interviewed by NICAP representatives? This action will encourage other responsible citizens to report their observations. If you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please note your choice is entirely up to you.

Please keep my name confidential.   

Signature:
Jean Moyer