There is no photograph present in the image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 5 June 1957

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a statement of your sighting.

As I was driving southeast toward Reading, Pennsylvania on Route 54, 5:45 P.M. on April 23, 1957, an extremely fast moving light caught my eye. It hadn't been there a second before. It was moving two or three times the speed of a conventional jet), I grabbed the steering wheel to keep from veering off the road. It was nearly overhead and gone in a matter of seconds. It appeared to be a very bright light (four or five times as bright as a full moon) and the edges were indistinct, as if glowing. It was in sight for no more than one minute. I wanted to get a better look but it went by so fast I couldn't. The object was very bright (four or five times as bright as a full moon) and the edges were indistinct, as if glowing. It was in sight for no more than one minute. I wanted to get a better look but it went by so fast I couldn't. The object seemed to be self-luminous. It was in the air, not attached to anything. It was moving southeast toward Reading in the same direction I was traveling. I was alone in the car. I can't judge the size or altitude because of the speed and lack of reference points. It appeared higher than 10,000 feet but I have no way of knowing for sure. I recall that the time was just about 5:45 PM and I had just left Reading, Pennsylvania, traveling southeast on Route 54 when I sighted the object. I was on my way home to Shillington, Pennsylvania. My son then went out to observe the sky. Several sightings were made in that general area at about that time. I also used that Form as a report to the Project Blue Book (Aerial Sightings). I want to state that it had inquired to me that it had inquired to me that no report of any kind had been made sooner because of the time lapse; the object might not be identified. I was given this report and at the same time stated that because of the time lapse, the object might not be identifiable.