The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

the moving lights as they did not seem to actually form letters. The movement of the lighted band was clock-wise looking upward from the ground. To have seen an advertisement, it probably have rotated in the other direction. The lighted band did not seem to me to be circular but, rather, four sided, as the lights seemed to form a corner, such as the lights on a building. The lighted band seemed to move, or circulate, at about the same speed as the lights usually formed letters of the roman alphabet. If they were forced to estimate, I would probably say the vertical length of the band was about 3 to 4 feet and the horizontal length about 20 to 25 feet. The object moved closer to us, of course, as it approached Highway 80.

I feel sure that the entire object was not rotating as there was a brilliant light (unblinking) several miles out in front of the craft which held its position and stayed in the same attitude relative to the craft as it approached us. The craft or object moved forward only as the entire craft moved forward.

As stated earlier that my immediate impression on seeing the lights was that this was the object I had an article on earlier regarding flying objects. I said at that time saw any the body of the craft, so I could not state anything about the size, color of the craft, helicopter, or other form of craft.

We continued to observe the craft for two or three minutes. It appeared to change its course to the east before actually crossing Highway 80 and then appeared to increase its altitude. We lost sight of the object while we were traveling in traffic to make a left turn off Highway 80. At that point the craft had moved eastward and was no longer visible.

In this case or the case of the traffic prevented report of the aircraft, I did not see that anyone else in the immediate vicinity was driving any attention to the area.

As we drove into downtown Jackson where I left the car and signed into a motel, I recalled this incident to a friend. He does not recall the details. I have no other witnesses to this statement.