The image appears to contain a typed letter or report discussing the analysis of photographs of an unidentified flying object (UFO) taken on June 1, 1967. The letter states that the photographs were examined by Air Force Photo Analyst personnel, even though the original negatives were not submitted. The letter provides comments on the photographs, noting that the "fire" seen in one of the photographs appears to be behind the object as viewed from the bottom, and that the holes visible in the additional photographs do not show any holes. It also mentions that a brilliant light would have been shining from the ground up to illuminate the bottom of the object and cast a shadow onto the "fire." The letter concludes by requesting that the recipient complete the attached Photographic Data Sheet and return it with the original negatives.

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

Proposed reply to on his UFO sighting of 1 June 1967

Dear Mr. 

Reference your unidentified observation and subsequent photographs of an unidentified flying object (UFO) taken on 1 June 1967. The photographs submitted to the Air Force were examined by Air Force Photo Analyst personnel even though you did not submit the original negatives. Without original negatives and the focal length of the camera a detailed dimensional analysis cannot be performed. However, photo personnel did offer the following comments:

Of interest was the fact that the alleged "fire" as noted in one of the photographs, is behind the object as viewed from the bottom. This is evidenced by the shadow cast by the object onto the "fire". Since the "fire" is coming from holes on the top edge of the object, the holes would be visible in the two additional photographs. There are no holes visible.

It should also be noted that a brilliant light would have to be shining from ground up, not only to illuminate the bottom of the object but to have the object cast a shadow onto the fire.

Although we are unable to positively identify the object, the existing evidence does not support the conclusion that the object was extraterrestrial in origin.

If you wish the Air Force to perform a more detailed analysis, please complete the attached Photographic Data Sheet and return it with your original negatives in the self-addressed envelope.

We are returning your three photographs.