This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

The following report is submitted for your information and follow-up investigation and represents a complete account of the recent UFO sighting and following investigation in the area. (All times in this report are Pacific Daylight Saving Time.)

At approximately 2230 hrs on 7 June 1967, I received a telephone call at my home concerning the sighting of a UFO. Mr. [REDACTED] called me from Sacramento, California and reported that two young boys had taken some pictures of a UFO in the N. San Juan area of California. He gave me the names of the boys - [REDACTED] and [REDACTED] - and said they may be contacted at Roy's Cafe or the B & G Grocery Store in the town. He said that he had recently been through the town visiting friends and that there was a lot of talk in N. San Juan and Grass Valley about the sighting. He was in Sacramento when he called and also stated he knew the individuals concerned.

I was contacted by Mr. [REDACTED], father and owner of the [REDACTED] Grocery Store, on 8 June at 1500 hrs. He confirmed the report and asked if I knew what it was. After answering "No," he asked me to investigate the sighting. I made arrangements to see them the following afternoon, 9 June at 1300 hrs.

I received a call later that evening at 1930 hrs from Mrs. Spruill requesting that I come around 1600 or 1700 hours since the boys would be at a school picnic and would not be home until that time.

I received a call at 2000 hrs that evening from Mr. [REDACTED] of the [REDACTED] Junior High School requesting that I give him information on the sighting. I would not and could not give him any information since I had not investigated the sighting yet.

The next morning, 9 June, at 0730 hrs I received a call from Lt. Joseph Nix of the Base Information Section wanting to know if I knew anything about the sighting.