There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, specifically an "Air Intelligence Information Report".

OCR Text Output:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT 
HEADQUARTERS, USAF, WASHING TON, D.C.

TIME: 1927, AUG. 22. An estimated six (6) to ten (10) aircraft were detected by our radar observation at an altitude of 20,000 ft. and an estimated air speed of 280 M.P.H. They appeared to be at first fighter type aircraft, but later appeared to be of unconventional design and seemed to be maneuvering in close proximity to each other. The blips on the radar screen were intermittent and appeared to be entering and leaving the vicinity of the radar screen. On several occasions, the aircraft appeared to accelerate to a high rate of speed and then slow down to a near hover and rapidly change direction. This report is based upon the observations of the radar operating crew, who stated that they could positively identify the objects as aircraft by means of their radar patterns, even though the visual characteristics observed did not conform to any known types of aircraft. The radar crew maintained observation of these craft for 30-45 minutes maintaining visual and radar contact until they reached their maximum range and then continued to maintain radar track on the one or more craft which remained in the general area. During part of the observation period, the crew also visually sighted the craft which appeared to be in a near hover or slow speed condition in close proximity to their aircraft. The crew, who were experienced in radar operations reported that from their technical observation, the radar indicated the aircraft were solid objects and not false targets. Some technical data relative to their radar settings and other pertinent information is being forwarded to your office.
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS 
DOD DIR 5200.10

COMMENTS:

Delv. (DSD), Dir. of Intelligence, concurs with the details of this incident as accomplished and that the identity of craft observed could not be determined. The technical data outlined by the radar crew indicates these were not normal aircraft and further investigation is required to determine the nature and identification of the objects detected. Details have been furnished to the Director of Intelligence, USAF, and the matter is being given attention.

FLYING SAUCER? 

UNCLASSIFIED