There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a document containing handwritten text.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

I happen to agree with you that the Air Force would have done a better job in the past; I have disagreed even with the present "Blue Book" people (who take a rather skeptical job than one might expect). I'm not going to say or not to say and since I wouldn't dream of working for them as a yard job, I'll just say I'm glad that I wasn't the one to be subjected to show jobs by the people who would do their best to find some explanation, not matter how fantastic, to deny that there is probably something we ought to investigate further, even if the spectacular sightings are a fairly small portion of those that are reported. The Blue Book people don't actually concentrate on every aspect of every problem; I have no intention of trying to confirm my point of view. About all I can say is that whatever I have to say on the problem is concerned and it is up me to come up with recommendations that are reasonable, possible, and well-thought-out.
Where on earth did you get the idea that 50 million dollars was ever spent to construct the Blue book?!? The Blue Book country doesn't spend a nickel. And the University of Colorado that was supposed to make a scientific study of the Blue Book did nothing of the kind. The Air Force has never spent a penny on the Blue Book more than for stenographic services. People who haven't done anything much haven't spent a nickel, and never has been. Blue Book is a very tiny operation, and 99 out of 100 Blue Book cases are done by a high school student. I took them to the University of Colorado to do a contract an independent study of the Blue Book files, but they evidently have no intention of doing anything; they said that since they don't spend a penny, they have no obligation to do anything. Well, I don't know what the Air Force has been doing all this time. People's sightings have been collected, through the efforts of many people including their own informants, who give me information to be studied. But so what if a couple of years ago they just haven't known enough about it to give you a definite answer? It's too complicated to understand just what is actually happening in the world, and made some statistical studies of reports on all over the country on what might go on indoors and out, which leads people to know how many "somebodies" doesn't do something: it merely occurs to them to do it themselves alone and time is involved.

This has been a long letter I hope that somewhere in there you find that I'm quite candid, but I've written on the assumption that inside of a few weeks we will know what but I'm quite confident that inside of a few weeks we will know what