The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an information center located in Washington, D.C.

The text in the document is as follows:

Project Blue Book Information Center
Sarol
Washington, D.C., 20330

Gentlemen:

My wife and I observed a UFO in June of this year (1966), but afraid of ridicule, and not wishing publicity, we have hesitated to tell anyone other than relatives and close friends. After reading the articles about UFOs in the latest Science Digest and learning the address of your office, I decided to write to you in hopes the incident might be of interest.

First of all, I want to impress upon you that I have been connected with aviation over the years (as a passenger in earlier years, an airplane enthusiast in later years), so I am very familiar with types of aircraft, their behavior, and the behavior of objects which arc being observed in our skies. My wife is 29.

At this late date, it is impossible for me to remember the exact night of our experience - one of the things I learned you wished to know on a report - but everything else is vivid in my mind. The sighting took place between 8 and 10 p.m. The temperature was around nine o'clock, for that is the normal time we return home from visiting at the Lakehurst Institute. I do not remember if it were a Saturday or Monday night, but those were the only nights we have watched anearly television. We were at home, traveling north on West Curtis Street, when we first judged it to be about a half-mile to the north, at an altitude of about 1000-2500 feet, which would put the object at the northern limits of Crown Hill Cemetery. It was traveling from West to East.

The size of the object was so large, and its appearance of such a nature, that I thought it must be an airplane. However, for a few seconds I was certain the object was a falling plane, particularly because of the speed with which it judged to be coming down, This appeared to be accompanied by a blinding light near the object, and it's downward fall, which had been at first on a 20 degree angle, was now almost vertical, and I could attribute this only to a helicopter, especially when the object was descending very slowly after an earlier rapid approach.