The image contains a photograph that appears to be part of a Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image shows an illustration or diagram, but does not contain any human faces or people that can be identified.

The text in the document states:

pointed at the running toys. Before they knew what happened, they were standing right next to the "blast". It was as if they were in a trance. At this time they could not move. The man said, "I will not harm you." He snapped his finger and the toys were out of the trance. Johnny was very scared. The man said, "Come." They all went up the ladder into the craft.

They stated that the craft was about 6 feet high and a little bigger than a station wagon car (about 2 feet overlapping the side of the car, but round). When they got inside there was only about a foot headroom for the boys. The entire wall around the inside of the craft was a gigantic computer with many buttons and blinking lights. There were three more little people inside.

The "little people" were about 2 to 2½ feet tall. They looked like human beings except for their size. They had 2 antennas coming from their head and a "glass bubble" over their heads. They were all wearing "skirts". They only had four fingers. They stated that there were "3 boys and one girl." They said they looked like small girls and boys.

When they entered the UFO, the little people bowed to them. At this time the little girl took Johnny and showed him the computers. Johnny stated that nothing was said between them. Tony stayed with the # three little boys and talked." The following events were told to me by Tony but are not in the proper order since he kept on going over and over these events constantly putting in more details.

The little boys from the UFO stated that they "visited the Air Force would quit shooting down their space ships because they wanted to land and make friends." Tony asked where they had come from and they said, "Alpha Centauri." Tony said that they told him they were going to the moon in 15 minutes and it only took 2 hours to get to Alpha Centauri.