The image does not contain any photographs. Instead, it appears to be a scanned page from a document related to "Project Blue Book", which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the page appears to be a supplement to an AF (Air Force) Form 112, and it discusses information related to a reported UFO sighting. The text mentions details such as the location (New Orleans, LA), the time of the sighting (between 10 and 16 Oct 58), and various witness accounts and observations. It also discusses the investigation process and the decision-making around whether further investigation was warranted.

OCR Output:
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
UNCLASSIFIED
10068 AISS
Ext AFB, Colo
The 8th Naval District, New Orleans, La., would probably have more pertinent information.
(The senior Intelligence Officer of the 8th Naval District, New Orleans, La.: Capt. R. T. ALEXANDER, who revealed the following information:)
1. After having been notified by Capt. ALEXANDER, who revealed that the USCG cutter SEBAGO", based at NEW IBERIA, La., was dispatched to the area of the sighting (Kingsville DSEI, Louisiana) on 10 October 58, and remained in the area for 67 hours, between 13 and 16 Oct 58, with negative results.
2. THE EIGHTH NAVAL DISTRICT had investigated the incident further and had learned that a USCG buoy-laying vessel had anchored three miles to the northeast of the SEBAGO. As the SEBAGO approached this area on the evening of 15 Oct 58, she discovered the buoy-laying vessel and contacted it by radio. According to the opinion of the Captain of the buoy-laying vessel, the object of the sighting was the SEBAGO itself due to the unusual lighting and had proceeded to drift in the area.
3. Capt. ALEXANDER and another officer had reported the sighting to the United States Attorney in New Orleans, La., as it was considered to be of sufficiently high priority to merit further investigation.
After conferring with Capt. ALEXANDER, the investigating officer considered that the District had adequately investigated the incident and there was no need for further investigation. The shrimp boat details had been obtained to assist in clarifying the incident.
According to the senior investigator, his son had observed the object he described. The object had appeared to have an anchor but the son was not sure. The object had been constructed of aluminum and had protruding parts underneath the surface. The color of object in the water and its distance his son had observed it. The senior investigator had indicated to his son details that appeared to be projection or distortion by the surface of the water. The senior investigator further reported that his son had not been able to determine the size of the object, but that it appeared to be larger than a boat.