The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a document or report related to a UFO sighting. The document mentions details about a person named Tony who was interested in UFO affairs, as well as a sighting that occurred with some boys who went to a grocery store. The text also mentions that a photographer was present to take comparison pictures at the scene. However, the image does not contain any identifiable human faces.

Text extracted from the document:

been known to drink quite a bit. He further stated that Tony had been a good student in Science, "always bringing in projects or items of interest."

He said that Tony has been outwardly interested in UFO affairs for about the past three months and his last book dealing with UFO's.

Mr. Briscolar at this point didn't know what to believe.

Before I left I saw Tony and asked if he would reconsider giving me the negatives. After I pointed out the importance of having them, he said yes.

NOTE: Tony was not very interested in talking at this time.

ALSO NOTE: Tony did not reveal to the teacher that he had had contact with the people in the UFO and had actually talked to them.

I called Mrs. --- that evening and told her that I would be up by 0930 the next morning, Saturday, 10 June and requested that she have the boys there. She said, "Ok."

I left the next morning about 0800 hrs and arrived in N. San Juan about 0915 hrs. I took a base photographer with me to snap comparison pictures at the scene. We arrived at the Grocery Store, but the boys were not there. 

They had gone into Grass Valley with Mr. --- Johnny's father, and were expected back at any time. We waited for over an hour and then decided to go to the scene ourselves. We went down and took pictures at the scene. (See explanations attached to pictures.)

We went back to the store about 1100 hrs and the boys still were not back. Both Mr. and Mrs. --- were there. They both expressed the desire to keep publicity down to a minimum on this matter and pledged full cooperation.

NOTE: The boys said that the UFO had made a round imprint in the ground where it landed. The father said when he went up there you could see it faintly. I could not see any imprint. The photographer also could not see an imprint. Tony stated that a ground/earth cover had been over the area where the UFO landed.