The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Vis ta abject?
A. Self-luminous?
B. Craft fiuish?
C. Reflecting? 
D. Transparent?

Did the obiect(s) rise or fall while in motion?

Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following field at arm's length:
a. Pinhead 
b. Pea
c. Dime 
d. Nickel
e. Half dollar
f. Silver dollar
g. Orange
h. Grapefruit

Or, if larger, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.
How did you happen to notice the object(s)?

Where were you and what were you doing at the time?

How did the object(s) disappear from view?

Compare the speed of the object(s) to a plane or jet aircraft.

Where is there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? If so, please illustrate.

Please estimate the distance of the object(s).

What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky?

Sketch and additional details of the sighting showing North, your position, the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared, roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within one mile.

Is there an airbase, military, government, or research installation in the area?

Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper. Please include sketches or drawings, if possible.

Were you interviewed by Air Force investigators, by any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state the date, officials, and details of this interview. This information will be treated in strict confidence. 

Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please state any other information about this instructed silence.

We shall be glad to correlate any other observations to NICAP, whenever it may be appropriate. Please keep your name confidential.

You may use my name.

Date of filing out this report: 9-2-59 '64