The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, providing details about a reported UFO sighting.

the road and therefore did not see the car. They said it was an abandoned car. The negative showing the UFO hovering over the car was the only one Tony would not release to the press at all. (I suspect, but could not tell from the negative, that it was a double exposure.)

5. In reference to the pictures, the distance and size relationships simply do not correspond. The pictures taken from the hill were taken at a distance of about 150 feet, yet no trees appeared in the picture. Also note the size of the rocks on the ground. If you notice our pictures, the detail was not nearly as close as theirs was. Also note, the picture taken standing on the rocks and dirt - notice the size of the rocks in an enlarged picture. If the object was the size they said it was, they could not have possible gotten the camera to fill the frame of the picture, and without any trees at all in the picture, and still gotten the details they did of the terrain.
This was supported by many people, including the Base Photo Lab.

6. Many times when the boys were questioned on their story, they would omit details saying they were confused, and couldn't remember. 

7. Tony talked with his father privately for advice every time he was in a "jam". They were highly evasive and suspicious as to these talks.

8. As is this article in the paper the UFO was predicted to return. The father said the boys had contact on Tuesday with them again (13 June) and it was rumored that it would return on Saturday, 17 June.

9. The description of the inside and outside of the craft was shaky and contradictory. Notice the distance and travel time relationship for the moon and Alpha Centauri.

10. The way the family responded to reporters and held on to the negatives. According to the last article, it seems like they were holding out for money. Mr. ****** went there and gave them a $350.00 check for the negatives stating that they would also receive a Polaroid Camera and $150.00 the next day. If this is true, it suggests that they were more interested in profiting from the incident than in simply reporting what they had witnessed.