There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

OCR text output:

that the object rushed at them, and then turned and followed their attraction, turning completely over and losing altitude, and
that they saw an approach-control radar station, but without telling them, that this was informed, and that the object was inside of us
of an approach-control radar station, but without telling them was turning three or four times per second, and was turned to a
straight course, beyond any doubt and made a landing. a few miles away, and which then turned to a
The 2 AF pilots were mistaken without any possibility of doubt-
mistaken by radar station was a prototype of model one of those
new highly top secret atomic bombs for Canada, they said. And a very
northern North Dakota. I have letters and interviews from over 60
people who investigated this, and a lo.oc there no longer remains
any shadow of doubt that this is simply a figment of imagination, no more, except for the interpretation of approach-control radar lines of sight drawn on
a map, and the actual sighting of same reported conversation the
ground control approach station-confirmed it gave pilot.

We have now found out that at exactly the median time given by the
witnesses. the first of two consequences of sighting of certain
took place. 120 miles above Pt. Churchill on Hudson's bay. Two reports
indicate a landing followed by a brilliantly lighted object which ascended.
The second part of the sighting is confirmed by two engineering
witnesses. including one of the pilots. The contacted the radar station
involved in the case lights and found certain lights which did not match
the positions of other air traffic at the time. But they did recall
recall the specific pilots' request. There is so much air traffic in
that area (Canada-Alaska) that I would consider this highly un- likely,
though of course one would expect to find all sorts of air traffic through
very far to say that one pilot happened to see a spectacular UFO which
just happened to match the description of the sighting described.

I presume that you have watched launchings from Cape Kennedy, on
television and live, and seen your rocket take off, and what happens
to the rocket when the booster gets well out of the denser atmosphere?
Instead of descending in that tremendous speed as free fall, it seems
to curve very gracefully and majestically, almost in slow motion.
to a disc which then actually curls forward and forms a bell-shaped object. This will
be the picture given of the rockets, moving in slow course, with the "bell
forming" in back as this flare is seen as a brilliant light at the center of the "ball" when
the point where the siding the direction of acceleration.

The area of the Pacific where your sighting took place is known to be
used for rocket experiments, both from this country and from others.
also, as you note, a rocket launched near the right time, only
110 miles or so long the line of your position, was 2 decinting, inclining
and turning. There are rocket ranges and launching facilities all over
the Pacific, including Vandenburg AFB in California.