The image contains a photograph or illustration of a "flying saucer from Mars" that was reportedly discovered. The text describes the characteristics of this object, including its wingspan, speed, altitude, and illumination. There are no human faces visible in the image.

The full text transcribed from the document is as follows:

FLYING SAUCER FROM MARS DISCOVERED

An on-the-spot Institute investigation recently verified the existence of a "flying saucer from Mars," which has accounted for many UFO sightings in the Pittsburgh area. The object is a Citabria Champion advertising plane flown by Fred Eller, Connellsville Airport, and bears the above quoted inscription with the qualification "MA," in small letters after "Mars." Mr. Eller owns AAA Sky Adds, Inc.

The wingspan of the Citabria ("airbatic" spelled backwards) is 36-1/2 feet. It usually flies at an altitude of about 1,000 feet, around 70 mph, and can stay aloft over five hours. Mounted below the wings is a framework of wires to which are soldered 7 rows of 36 GM1 bulbs, the size of a flashlight bulb. A heavy tape with holes punched in it is used to spell out a message, runs through a machine inside the plane which makes the bulbs light up in a certain sequence, to make the message move across the lights. An air siren mounted below the plane is sometimes used to attract attention.

In a strong headwind, at an airspeed of 30 mph, the Citabria can appear to be standing still. Seen on edge, its lights, moving from one side to another, can give the appearance of a flattish object with a row of lights around the rim. The engine of the plane is inaudible at a distance from which the moving lights can be easily seen; thus, many people to contend that this silent, disc-shaped object with a rotating rim covered by equally-spaced lights. When the plane is flying directly toward or away from the observer, especially in a misty atmosphere, its appearance can be quite eerie. It can, as several reports have stated, definitely "not resemble any conventional aircraft!"