The image does not appear to contain any photographs. However, it does contain text describing a UFO sighting incident.

Transcription of the text:

It was approximately 1630 hrs. The day was very cloudy (complete cloud-cover) and it was cool, about 45°. They were sitting at the peak of the hill looking at the dog. Suddenly the dog started barking. They noticed nothing until this time. They turned their heads and saw the UFO coming in from the Northwest over an evergreen tree at about 100 feet in the air. They said that it was making a very funny sound, "Like they had never heard before."
It was pulsating and at a high pitch. Tony said it hovered over the tree for a few seconds, then tilted and headed for the cleared area. It was generating a lot of heat because the air was wavey near the UFO. It slowly came to a rest on the ground.

NOTE: The sighting occurred on Thursday, 1 June.

At this time Tony asked if he could talk to his father privately. After a few minutes he returned. His father told him to tell the complete story as he had told his father. He was hesitant, but continued.

Tony said that the UFO was a dull gray or dull tan. He described it exactly as the one picture shows and added. There were small holes all around the bottom rim "about a foot in diameter." You could not see these in the picture because of the angle taken,he exclaimed. Johnny was very scared and started to run, falling down the hill into the brush. He waited when he saw Tony taking pictures at the top of the hill. Tony further stated that there was a "flare of" window from the top of the UFO to its rim. He said you could not see clearly through this "glass" but he could see four small shadows. These, he said, were little people he later found out. Tony said that he took six pictures but only three came out.

At this time Tony jumped off the hill and also fell through the brush. He and Johnny ran up the road away from the UFO. Although they were running away from the UFO they said a door opened, sliding into the top of the UFO.

A little man came out after a ladder had unfolded down to the ground and he walked around the UFO for a short time.