PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
4 March, 1960

2. LOCATION
Dubuque, Iowa

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1755
GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☒ Yes ☐ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
4 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
three

9. COURSE
NNE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Elliptical objects, size of a quarter at arm's length, bright like a star first seen in the east traveling at approximately 200 degrees at a distance of 5 miles. Gliding slightly, and then disappeared.

11. COMMENTS
The strip of film was given a thorough examination and nothing of an unusual nature nor anything such as described by the witness appeared in any of the frames. A check was made to determine the possibility of the objects being a/c and there were no objects were on the other side of the river. There was a main highway between him and the river. Apparently was a mirage, however this would have appeared on the film.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☒ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 28 SEP 52)

- page 1 -

HEADQUARTERS STRATEGIC AIR COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFUTT AIR FORCE BASE, NEBRASKA

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DOCPF

SUBJECT: Flights in the Dubuque, Iowa Area

TO: Air Technical Intelligence Center (ATIC)-162x)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Reference your letter, Subject: Request for Information, dated
2 September 1960; the following information is submitted:

a. Number and type aircraft: Three (3) B-52 aircraft, using
route cell tactics.

b. Altitude: 31,000 to 32,000 feet.

c. Route and times: From a point 115NM south - southeast of
Dubuque to a point 60NM north - northeast of Dubuque (400GN 9015W
to 4318N 9008W)

(1) 1812Z to 1914Z - TC 350°, TH 355°
GS 370, TAS 125
NW 315/075

(2) 2327Z to 2358Z - TC 001°, TH 352°
GS 370, TAS 430
NW 320/080

(3) 0508Z to 0514Z - TC 360°, TH 352°
GS 370, TAS 125
NW 310/090

2. No other aircraft of this command were flying in the Dubuque,
Iowa area on 4 March 1960.

3. Notification of appropriate Air Defense Sectors is a routine
function of Air Route Traffic Control for flights involving penetration of an ADIZ.

FOR THE COMMANDER IN CHIEF,

[Signature]

Chief, Operations

Peace.... is our Profession

- page 2 -

At 0200 EST 11 March 1960, Waverly AFB, Iowa, was contacted regarding possible AFB flights over Dubuque. The operations officer, Lt Waddle, reported that they had no record of B-52s flying around Dubuque on 4 or 10 March 60.

Through the efforts of Lt Waddle, several other radar stations in the area were contacted, with negative results.

According to Lt Waddle B-52s normally fly at 30,000 to 35,000 feet altitude.

On March 4 at Dubuque, Iowa three silver, saucer-shaped objects were captured on movie films by Pilot [name redacted]

Authorities Grab Photos;
Hoop Urge Vigilance
On Part of Members

Two instances in which private individuals succeeded in obtaining photographs of UAOs within the last few weeks have come to the attention of the APRO staff.

On the fourth of March, Charles Morin, an airplane instructor, obtained 12 feet of moving picture film of a formation of three disc-shaped objects over Dubuque, Iowa. Morin estimated their altitude at 20,000 feet, their speed at about 200 miles per hour. The objects were saucer-shaped, silver in color. Others gave the film to the Federal government "for processing and study," the UPI report stated.

- page 3 -

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE, WEATHER BUREAU
SURFACE WEATHER OBSERVATIONS

STATION__ XX Dubuque, Iowa (Airport)     DATE Feb. March 4, 1960

[The rest of the form contains numerical data in various columns, with entries for time (1700), type (R), sky and ceiling, visibility, weather, sea level pressure, temperature, wind direction and speed, and other meteorological measurements. Some rows are partially filled out, and some data is not clearly legible.]

At the bottom of the form, there is a partially obscured handwritten note that appears to say "Met. Rec'd."

- page 4 -

AFOIN-1522                                                  22 AUG 1960

Comments on Mr [REDACTED] Letter

SAPOL-34 (J/Col Tucker)

1. The attached letter and report from Mr [REDACTED] has been reviewed by AFIC. It is believed no further comment or action is merited.

2. In reply to your query regarding contact with Strategic Air Command Headquarters, it was not considered necessary to make this contact. AFIC did contact several radar stations in the midwest, as well as the Chicago Air Defense Sector headquarters, and was informed that they had no record of B-52's flying in the Dubuque, Iowa area on 4 or 10 March 1960.

3. If Mr [REDACTED] received information to the effect that there were SAC aircraft in the Dubuque area, those aircraft were there without the knowledge of area radar stations and the Chicago Air Defense Sector Headquarters. It is not understood by AFIC how such flights could be made without the Chicago Air Defense Sector's knowledge.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

1 Atch:
Cy Itr, no date, Fr Davis
w/Atch

COORDINATION:
AFOIN-1522 [SIGNATURE]   Date 19 AUG 60
AFOIN-1522 [SIGNATURE]   Date 19 AUG 60

- page 5 -

CIVILIAN U.F.O. RESEARCH

* * COMPLETION OF STUDY * *

Date of sighting:           4 March 1950

Location:                   Dubuque, Iowa

Time:                       Approximately 1750 hours
                             (5:50 p.m.)

Study Commenced:            28 March 1950

Study Terminated:           7 August 1960

Conclusion subject to
further considerations?     Yes

Report edited by:           [Redacted]

Date Issued:                AUG 9 1960

- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

PUG-160

I. Introductory Comments:

This is probably the most confusing sighting that CUFOR shall have the opportunity to investigate for quite a while. Just about the time it is decided what the objects were, and the conclusion is started, a letter arrives that throws everything up for grabs again. Even now, you director is not certain what they were. Some of the inquiry letters have not been answered. If answers are received later that change the picture again, a supplementary report will be issued.

On July 9, 1960, CUFOR's director wrote to Lt. Col. (formerly Major) L.J. Tacker, Air Force Pentagon spoke man for UFOs, and told him that we had definitely concluded that the objects were UFOs. Then, on the 29th, we received Mr. [redacted] detailed report that threw the whole thing open again. The letter from SAC on August 4th seemed to be the clincher.

II. Details of Sighting:

At approximately 5:55 p.m. March 4, 1960, Charles Morris and his wife were at their home in Dubuque, Iowa, watching a T-6 airplane (a single-engine USAAF trainer of WW II vintage) perform at an altitude of roughly 2,000 feet when their attention was caught by three luminous objects, elliptical in shape, traveling NNW at about 200 mph. The objects, which he further described as being about the size of a quarter at arm's length and about 25° degrees above the eastern horizon, were in view for about four minutes. He was not to say, in his report to CUFOR, that the objects did not give off smoke or any vapor trail, drop anything, change brightness, shape or color, did not speed up or stand still at any time...the objects were sharply outlined and were like a bright star-- between the brightness of the moon and of Venus. He also estimated the size of the objects to be 200 to 300 feet long and 50 feet thick; however, since the distance to the objects could only be guessed, it is the same with the size of the objects themselves.

Mr. Morris exposed some footage of 8 mm color film, but it failed, to show anything, and the film has been returned to the Pentagon by the Air Force.

Another witness was Mrs. H.V. Ludovisy, who saw them with her son and husband. Her report, also on file with CUFOR, is similar to Mr. Morris', with some exceptions (minor or major, depending on your point of view): "I looked, and going toward the NW in the sky, were three white, almost round objects, they were traveling VERY slowly, almost floating, THEY WERE NOT PLANES...We watched for almost ten minutes, and, as we watched, one of them, the one in the middle, a pear-shaped plane, or what, began to emit a puff of white smoke came from the back of it. The sun was setting in the west at the time, and I figured if it was the sun that made that flash, all three would have it, but only the middle one had the glow."

On the "other side of the fence" are the observers who believe the objects were aircraft.

- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

One is Ferdinand Mealer, of Dubuque, who saw them through a pair of 7 x 50 binoculars. His report read, in part: "I saw a group of three large aircraft, which appeared to be flying one behind the other at lower than usual job altitude and quite noticeable speed.

They were flying NNW (in a line, more or less) from N.E. to S.W., and that, after consideration, they may have been going due north or even a little east of north - Ed.). I saw them from 15 or 20 days always at the same time and place."

Mr. Mealer also put their elevation at approximately 250 above the horizon, however, he said they were about as large as a pinhead told at arm's length. He also saw a "slight vapor at one time toward end of sighting." He remarked, "I saw the planes clearly with side windows visible, but the high tails and thin on them. No painting was visible, but they were either Convair 650's, Boeing 707's, or Douglas DC-8's."

Jorge, of Dubuque, who saw them through 10 x 50 power binoculars, said in part: "I was looking through a 10x50 lens on a course of SE to NW. Their speed (slow) was the most unusual part of the whole affair. I could not determine the types, but, almost, they definitely were. I saw them several times a time other than different dates - Ed.), and they were following about the same routine." He also saw contrails and a tail "like I-E-2".

Mr. Jonas Aistars was the third witness, also as to altitude and elevation. He gives them as 40,000 feet and 750 respectively.

A third witness also saw the contrails and feels they were conventional aircraft (propeller-type), mostly because of the slow speed.

We therefore have five witnesses with five slightly different accounts.

III. CUFOR's Conclusion:

The conclusion of Civilian UFO Research regarding the three objects seen over Dubuque, Iowa, March 4, 1960, at approximately 5:50 p.m., is as follows:

The greater amount of data tends to show that the objects were three aircraft, possibly of the USAF Strategic Air Command. No, however, do not rule out the possibility that the objects seen were unidentifiable objects of unknown origin, purpose, or destination.

In announcing this conclusion, we wish to emphasize the following points:

(A) Civilian UFO Research spent over four months investigating this sighting. The primary witness are on file.

(B) Witnesses contacted and the reports are on file. Aircraft companies manufacturing jet transports for civilian use were questioned as to the possibility of training flights that could account for the reports.

- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(E) The very nature of the observations rules out objects of astronomical origin (stars, meteors, etc.).

(C) The nature of the sighting also rules out "light phenomena", "birds", and "clouds, dust, etc.".

(D) The direction of the objects' flight compared with wind direction at the time excluded balloons from being considered as the correct identification.

(E) The rather widely separated points of observation rule out "psychological manifestations".

(F) The character of the witnesses discount the possibility of a hoax.

IV. Arguments for Unidentifiable Objects (UFOs):

Charles Morris is a commercial pilot and has logged 5,000 hours in 14 years of commercial flying. He is familiar with aircraft of most types. He apparently saw the objects at rather close range and is certain of what he saw.

He told Ralph Ingerson, staff writer for the Dubuque Telegraph-Herald, "They were thin on the leading edge, thick in the middle, and thin in back - just like you'd expect them to be. I was seeing them from the side, and they looked exactly like you'd taken two platforms and put them face to face - very large elliptical objects.

"Just to give you an idea of their size, they seemed to be about one-eighth the size of the moon. They had a brightness like I've never seen before - no 'fuzz' around them, but bright and sharply defined. They were like silent ghosts moving through the sky."

"They couldn't have been jets; they weren't fast enough, for one thing - a jet would have been gone before I could get the camera. At that altitude - they were only 200 to 250 above the horizon (true, a jet probably would disappear that rapidly - Ed.).... if it had been the sun shining off military aircraft, this reflected light would have changed instantly as the objects crossed the sky."

These didn't - they were a constant brightness. And there wasn't a cloud in the sky - it was perfectly clear." (Quoted from Dubuque Telegraph-Herald, March 6, 1960, p.8)

This side of the "argument" gets support in the fact that a check with Truax AFB, Madison, Wisconsin, by the Telegraph-Herald brought a reply from the operations officer that no military planes from that base had been reported in that area. "Negative - we had nothing in that area - no operations scheduled at that time," the operations officer said.

- page 9 -

Queries sent out by GUFOR brought these replies:

(A) Robert Hoffman, Airport Manager, Dubuque Municipal Airport: "I have checked and to my knowledge there were no aircraft in the area at the above specified time (time of the sighting - Ed.)."

(B) Michael Gladuch, Public Relations, Boeing Airplane Company: "Our records have been checked most care-fully.... The records show that no formation of three Boeing 707's flew on a northerly course over Dubuque, Iowa, on March 4, 1960. Nor were there any 707 formation flights over that area during the fifteen - twenty days following that date."

(C) G.W. Greaves, Convair Division, General Dynamics Corp.: "As far as was known there were no 880's or F-102 aircraft were operating from the municipal airport here in San Diego. We have delivered a few 880's to Delta Air Lines, but they are in scheduled service."

(D) A letter to Douglas Aircraft Company is, as yet, unanswered.

In closing, let us say that one cannot simply discount the opinions of a trained pilot and other witnesses, who state, positively, that the objects were not aircraft and who have taken statements that tend to show that there were no aircraft in the area.

V. Arguments for Aircraft:

This "side" has some obvious advantages: two witnesses (Mr. Nagle and Mr. Jones) saw the objects through binoculars. They both saw definite typical characteristics of aircraft. Mr. Nagler saw the tall (vertical stabilizer) and windows; Mr. Jones saw the tail and the wings.

Mr. Jones (who, like Mr. Norris, has had pilot's training; however, I do not know how much) said the tail was similar to that of a B-52. This and the fact that Air Force SAC (Strategic Air Command) files B-52's and has a to-scale radar tracking course in the area with its northern leg ending at Lancaster, Wisc., about 20 miles north of Dubuque, was sufficient to warrant a letter to SAC Headquarters, at Offutt AFB, Omaha, Nebraska.

The reply, from Capt. Edwin G. Darryberry, Directorate of Information, read in part:

"In our visit with our flight scheduling branch revealed that Strategic Air Command did have some 2-cells and 3-cells flights operating over Dubuque, Iowa for a 25 hour period which included 5:50 p.m. on 4 March 1960, while we can not say definitely, it's highly possible that the sighting at that time could have been KC-135's or B-52's of this command."

- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Again, we cannot discount the observations of reliable witnesses.

VI. Comparison of Arguments:

There are some points of disagreements that cannot be disregarded, nor treated lightly: Charles Morris: large, luminous, sharply outlined objects 250° above the horizon; Ned Trainor: near, small, sharply outlined objects objects that reflected sunlight and flew 250 above the horizon. Allan Jones saw small, blurred ("due to distance"), non-reflecting objects at 750 above the horizon.

Mr. Morris put the objects at approximately 2,000 feet; Mr. Nesler didn't give a figure, but they were low, however, put them at 40,000 feet or above. We are not contradicting our earlier statement that the altitudes can only be guessed since the objects' size was unknown, we are merely pointing out the difference in altitude, i.e., how high.

There is some discrepancy in time (Mr. Morris: 5:55 p.m.; Mrs. Ludovissy: 5:50; Mr. Nesler: 5:50; Mr. Jones: about 6:00); however, it is not believed that this is a major point, since they are estimated times.

VII. Closing Comments:

Now, perhaps, it is apparent why our investigation has jumped back and forth, up and down, practically every ten minutes.

Your director cannot help but wonder why the Air Force officially carries this item "Insufficient Evidence" (per Lt. Col. Tacker's correspondence with CUFOS, 6 July 1960), when a simple check with SAC would have brought the same reply given to objects near SAC aircraft, but the possibility is strong.

There is one slim possibility that must be considered, especially in view of the discrepancies listed above. Supposing Mr. Morris and Mrs. Ludovissy saw three UFOs at low altitude, while Mr. Jones, at the same time, or a few minutes, saw three aircraft at high altitude, emitting contrails, "there", one may ask, and rightfully so, "what about the overall that Mrs. Ludovissy saw and the three aircraft. Mr. Neslar at low altitude?"

The truth is: We don't know! Perhaps, by way of a partial answer, Mr. Neslar is not too familiar with angular elevations and miscalculated.

Any additional information, comments, or suggestions that a reader might have would be appreciated by Civilian UFO Research.

In closing, your director would like to extend his thanks to all those named appear in this report for the help they gave in this study. A special thanks goes to CUFOS member Shirley Walker, of Spencer, Iowa, who furnished him with clippings, addresses, and the original incentive to investigate this particular sighting.

-- END OF REPORT --

- page 11 -

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFOIN-4VA/                /7425

SUBJECT: UFO Film                                        19 April 1960

TO: AFOIN-422 (Col R.R. Shoop)

1. Analysis of the film revealed nothing of an unusual nature nor
anything such as described by Mr.        in his letter dated April 3,1960.

2. It is suggested that Mr.        recheck his film and indicate which
frames contain the three objects he refers to in his letter.

MILLER PRICE, JRN
Chief, AFOIN-4D/A

2 Atch:
1. Roll 8mm Film
2. Cy 1st 3 pgs 60 fr

- page 12 -

Flying Objects Filmed by Pilot

DUBUQUE, Iowa, March 31st (UPI)--An airplane instructor says he saw "flying saucers" over Iowa last night. And he says he saw:

Charles Morris, 31, said he was watching a truck plane perform over the Mississippi river at sundown, when he spotted three silver, saucer-shaped objects whirling about 10,000 feet up.

The objects darting like white dots against a balloon and left no vapor trails. Morris, a pilot for 14 years, said he shot 16 feet of movie film of the mysterious objects.

He gave the film to the local Government for processing.

- page 13 -

September 6, 1951

Major William T. Coleman
Department of the Air Force
Office of the Secretary
Public Information Division
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Major Coleman,

Thank you for your letter and the press release of August 26.

I was wondering if your office knew about a man by the name of _______ of Dubuque, Iowa. On March 6, 1950, the United Press International sent a story about this man to the different news media, according to the story, Mr. _______ had "several three silvery, saucer-shaped objects whirling along at 200 miles an hour, about 20,000 feet up." Mr. _______ when exposed 15 feet of motion picture film, has no claim. His camera at the objects. The story went on, "He gave the film to the Federal government for processing and study. Three other persons confirmed Morris' report, but the final proof, he said, is on the film."

In the news release that you sent me, it said that Dr. J. Allen Hynek of Northwestern University, as Scientific Consultant to the Air Force. I sent Dr. Hynek a letter, asking him if he had ever heard of the above story and whether or not he had ever seen the film. In his reply, he said that he never saw the film, but "I will be anxious to do so".

Now, I am asking you if you ever saw the film, where is that film now, and why wasn't your Scientific Consultant allowed to see the film in which, could together with the three confirming witnesses, seems to me to make up a pretty good report. Anxious to receive your reply, I remain,

Sincerely yours,

- page 14 -

13 September 1961

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

I have received your letter of September 6th concerning the film allegedly made by Mr. [redacted] of Dubuque, Iowa.

In answer to your questions: 1) we do not know where such film is. We telephoned Mr. [redacted] and requested that he send the film for evaluation. He then wrote us, negating the film which he earlier had promised. This was several months ago. We have not received the film as of this date. 2) the above answers your other questions.

Our position is the same as that of Dr. Ryniak. We would be most anxious to see this film.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM E. COLEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
UFO Project Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information

- page 15 -

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET

Location: Dubuque, Iowa

Date: 4 March 1960       Hour (Z) 1755

WX: Clear, plus 14 degF, vis 25 mi, winds NW at 14 knots

Description: Elliptical, size of a quarter, three objects, they were bright like a star, first seen in the East, traveling at approx 200 MPH at a distance of about 5 miles, 2x they disappeared they seemed to be climbing slightly, seen for about 4 minutes

Direction of Motion: NNE

Satellite: (AFCIN-4E), Phone 69219     Ruled out

Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc.)     Ruled out

Radar Analysis (AFCIN-4E)     None

Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc.)     Ruled out

Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc.     Ruled out

Other: [Illegible text]

Evaluation of Source Reliability: [Blank]

Analysis and Conclusions: The strip of film was given a thorough examination, and nothing of an unusual nature, nor anything such as described by the witness, could be seen in any of the frames. A check was made to determine the possibility of the objects being B-52 craft, and there was none in the area at the time. The witnesses location was 3 miles from a large river, and a main highway between them and the river, and on the other side of the river. The temperature was a cold 14 degrees with a 14 knot wind.

- page 16 -

TIG

A    Correspondence with [redacted] regarding sighting
     1. Observation Data
     2. Photos
     3. Photo Analysis
     4. Return of Photos

B    Aircraft Investigative Data

C    Weather Data

D    [redacted] Report and Letter

- page 17 -

Dubuque, Iowa
April 8, 1960

Major Robert Friend
Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major Friend:

Under separate cover I am sending you the film and find that I took six feet
of film instead of the nineteen feet which I previously thought I had taken.
Also enclosed is the weather report.

On Friday March 4, 1960 at approximately 5:55 P.M. my wife and I at our home
were watching a B58 aircraft performing at approximately 2,000 feet when we
saw three brightly, colored solid objects in line appear in the sky, traveling
NNE. We saw them for approximately four minutes, and as they disappeared,
spread to be climbing very slowly.

The objects were about the size of a quarter, approximately 200 feet long,
60 feet thick, elliptical in shape, traveling approximately 30 miles an hour,
and were about five miles from us. The objects were about 25 degrees above
the horizon.

The objects did not give off smoke or any vapor trail, nor anything, change
brightness, shape or color, and not explode, spread up or stand still at any
time. The objects were sharply outlined and were like a bright star-between
the brightness of the moon and of Venus.

Below is a diagram of the objects that we saw.

[Diagram of three elliptical objects]

Mississippi River
3 miles
A River

Dubuque 5 miles

Sincerely,

[Signature redacted]

Enclosure

- page 18 -

AFCIN-142

Request for Photo Analysis                                   13 April 1960

AFCIN-164

1. The attached 8mm film is forwarded to your office for analysis.

2. Attached is a copy of the UFO report as a possible aid in your
analysis of the film

RICHARD R. SHOOP
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-142                                                    2 Atchs
                                                             1. Roll 8mm Film
                                                             2. Cy Ltr, 8 Apr 60 fr

- page 19 -

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFOIN-L52

SUBJECT: UFO Report and Film

TO: SAFOI-3d (Maj Tacker)

1. Attached is the short strip of 8mm film and a copy of the letter
sent in by [redacted]

2. The film was given a thorough examination, and nothing of an unusual
nature, nor anything such as described by [redacted] could be seen in
any of the frames.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

1 Atch:
Cy ltr 3 Apr 50, Pr
w/attached film

27 APR 1960

- page 20 -

01-31/maj tacker/ar/72291

16 May 1960

Dear Mr [redacted]:

This is to acknowledge your letter of 3 April 1960 and the film received under separate cover which you thought contained evidence of an unidentified flying object.

We have examined the film thoroughly and finding no unusual nature appears thereon. Therefore we are returning the film to you herewith.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Dubuque, Iowa

01-3d come back
01-1 radar

- page 21 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

AFCIN-1622
Request for Information

SAC, OFFUTT AFB, Nebraska

1. The Air Force has been receiving queries concerning the possibility
of SAC aircraft flying in the Dubuque, Iowa area on the evening of
1 March 1960. Request all available information concerning such flights
be forwarded to AFCIN-1622 as soon as possible, i.e., number and type
altitude, time and direction of flight.

2. In connection with the flight of SAC aircraft, it is a policy to
notify the local radar units and the Air Defense Sector when such flights
are being made. ADC contact with the Chicago Air Defense Sector was
that they had no information concerning flights in the Dubuque area on
1 March 1960. Contact was also made with Beverly Air Force Station,
Iowa with negative results.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

COORDINATION:
AFCIN-1622 [Signature] Date 30 Aug 60
AFCIN-1622 [Signature] Date 31 Aug 60

- page 22 -

