PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
29 Sep 60

2. LOCATION
Wolfe City, Texas

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 0000-0100
GMT: 29/0600-0700Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual
□ Air-Visual
□ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
[X] No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 hr

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
varied

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Motion pulsating. Appeared from 45° altitude
to horizon. No direction given. Had general
appearance of star or planet. Occasional
flashes of bright white light. Also statement as to motion other than that it moved
faster a/c at times and appeared to
change direction suddenly.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Request for additional information sent.
No reply. No conclusion can be drawn on
information given, except that possible
sighting of Jupiter with atmospheric
refraction caused object to fluctuate.
Jupiter also reported from several
other southern states during this time
period.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

SAFOI-34/1 nrncra/7229l

17 October 1960

Dear Mr.

This is to acknowledge your undated letter to the Commander, USAF UFO Project concerning the sighting by you of an unidentified flying object on 28 September.

Your letter contained insufficient information for a valid conclusion. Therefore, we ask that you and one of the other witnesses complete the attached Air Force Questionnaires and forward the completed documents to the Commander, Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio for their analysis and evaluation.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr.
Texas

Comeback 01-34
Reader 01-1


- page 2 -

The Wolfe City Public Schools
WOLFE CITY, TEXAS

Commander
USAF UFO Project
Pentagon
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

I would like to report what I genuinely believe to have been a UFO sighting on the evening of September 28, due east of this community between the hours of 2:00 and 8:00. I am not an habitual writer of letters of this sort, nor a "crank". Indeed, I am an Air Force Reservist (grade and unit redacted) and am quite well aware of the necessity of frank and accurate reporting of things of this nature.

I have three witnesses to this sighting who will corroborate my story to the extent that they observed the UFO. I took great care to ascertain that what I was observing was not a conventional aircraft (of any sort known to me), was not behaving in the manner one would expect of a satellite, or a guided missile.

From my window, the object moved from approximately forty-five degrees from the horizon down to approximately ten degrees. It had the general appearance of a star or planet except that it pulsated regularly from white to orange, red, and green. (Its motions would tend to rule out Mars or any other celestial body.) At this latter position it appeared to be hovering while occasionally bobbing up and down and darting from side to side. Brilliant flashes of white light were occasionally seen. Occasionally it would remain perfectly still or move in a general upward direction. I got into my car and drove out on the highway to observe it better. According to its brightness and relative position on the horizon and in relation to my two positions of observation, it was sufficiently close for me to have easily heard jet or reciprocal engines if they were incorporated. Its motions were quite too sudden and erratic and high in speed to have coincide with craft of this sort. Driving back to town I located three men, Mr. [name redacted] of Wolfe City, a Mr. [name redacted], and another person who sighted it with me and observed its motion and color changes.

The object then moved steadily upward.

I went to the telephone and attempted to reach some agency in Dallas who would be interested. Failing, I returned home and watched until 0100 hours when I began to realize that my eyes were no longer dependable and I began to imagine that I saw several bodies which must have been stars were moving slightly, no doubt a manifestation of my eyes from fatigue.


- page 3 -

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFCIN-452x

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting (Emmitt C. Mitchell)

TO: SAFOI-3d (L/Col Tacker)

Please forward two questionnaires to Mr. [redacted] for completion by himself and one of the other witnesses. A copy of Mr. [redacted] letter is attached for your information.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

1 Atch:
Cy Itr, no date, fr

[Handwritten notes on the side of the document]


- page 4 -

The Wolfe City Public Schools
SIDNEY WASSON, Superintendent
WOLFE CITY, TEXAS

To make sure that I was not deluding myself about the original object, however I recall making several checks, to wit:

1. The object exhibited a light of a lower temperature than any observed stars, their being considerably more blue.

2. It exhibited motion relative to fixed bodies which, it seemed to me, negated the idea that my eyes were playing tricks on me (until later).

3. I made a quick mental note of its relative position to a couple of constellations which I think I could sketch out at least roughly, thus ruling in or out stars.

4. I have observed the color changes of Mars before. I do not believe I could have confused the two.

In my observation of many aircraft during four years active duty at James Connally and Lackland Air Force Bases I must definitely assert that no aircraft can move that fast or change direction that suddenly, in my opinion.

I have made notes in a little more detail if it would be of value to you.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
Emmitt C. Mitchell
Wolfe City, Texas


- page 5 -

AFCIN-1E2x
12 Oct 60

UFO Sighting

SA-F01-3d (L/Col Tucker)

Please forward two questionnaires to Mr. [redacted] for completion by himself and one of the other witnesses. A copy of Mr Mitchell's letter is attached for your information.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

1 Atch
Cy ltr, no date, fr

14 OCT 1960


- page 6 -

