The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 record card from the Project Blue Book investigation, which was a United States Air Force program to study unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 22 AUG 60
2. LOCATION: Durenville, Texas
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2125Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: D Ground-Radar
5. PHOTOS: D Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 min
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Object changed to yellow. Traveling at high speed, 3-5 miles away.
11. COMMENTS: It is impossible to determine from the sighting description whether he saw or if he actually saw anything. It is the opinion that the witness's statement of seeing a lighted object does not constitute sufficient evidence for the existence of a physical entity and in spaces it is, therefore, possible that this lighting is a complete figment of his imagination added considerable fringe of occurrence to which his imagination has added considerable fringe.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a typed document or report.

Produced as OCR text:

This was probably two people that I observed. This was probably the same aircraft that the 12 other people observed. There were two other people observing this and noting the same motions.

If you have some photo charts, here they are and confirm. Have you ever had some information that might be applicable? To cars you do not have any further facts on this than I do. I would clear up in my mind the where I could clear this up. Sincerely,

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet containing a questionnaire about the sighting of an unidentified object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object which you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, case histories, or publications that may result from the study of this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? AUGUST 7, 1960
2. Time of day: 1:25 (Circles One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? GOLDTHWAITE, TEXAS
5. How long was object in sight? 15 MINUTES Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Exact b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear b. Cloudy NIGHT: c. Clear d. Cloudy
If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? a. In front of you b. To back of you c. To your right

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. It does not contain any photographs, but rather a form with various questions about the observer's experience with the unidentified object.

Text extracted from the document:

3. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
3.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. More
c. Less
d. Don't remember

3.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
AT FIRST IT APPEARED TO BE A STAR, LARGER AND BRIGHTER THAN THE OTHER STARS IN THE AREA. IT THEN SEEMED TO GET LARGER AND BRIGHTER AS IT APPROACHED OUR POSITION.

11. Did the object: 
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?      Yes      No      Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?      Yes      No      Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode?      Yes      No      Don't Know
d. Give off smoke?      Yes      No      Don't Know
e. Change brightness?      Yes      No      Don't Know
f. Change shape?      Yes      No      Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker?      Yes      No      Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear?      Yes      No      Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):      Yes      No      Don't Know.      IF you answered YES, then tell what:
it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):      Yes      No      Don't Know.      IF you answered YES, then tell what:
in front of:

14. Did the object appear:
(Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes      No
b. Sun glasses      Yes      No
c. Windshield      Yes      No
d. Window glass      Yes      No
e. Binoculars      Yes      No
f. Telescope      Yes      No
g. Theodolite      Yes      No
h. Other      Yes      No

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a form with questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

Text from the document:

15. Tall in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound 
b. Color 45-50 feet-white light at first, then solid last observation.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapour trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
WHATEVER THAT IS

18. The edges of the object were:
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
Only one

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, a "Y" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar? (LARGER 100 YARDS ACROSS)

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

Would probably have covered the head of a match.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

NOT GONE, JUST FADED INTO BACKGROUND AS IT WENT OVERHEAD.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a celestial object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The light size is approximately as a star, but brighter and moving faster than a star.

- page 6 -

The image contains a page from what appears to be a Project Blue Book document. There is no photograph present in this particular page. The text on the page appears to be a questionnaire or form filled out by a witness who reported seeing an unidentified flying object.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One): a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other
26. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?, b. In the residential section of a city?, c. In open country?, d. Near an airfield?, e. Flying over a city?, f. Flying over open country?, g. Other
27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One): a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest
30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One): a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest
31.1 If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to give the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: a. From true North ___ degrees, b. From horizon ___ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: a. From true North ___ degrees, b. From horizon ___ degrees.

- page 7 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document contains two sketches, but no photograph. The first sketch shows a curved line representing the horizon, with an object above it. The instructions ask the viewer to mark the positions of the object when it was first seen (point "A") and when it was last seen (point "B"). 

The second sketch shows two larger sketches. The one on the left depicts a road with buildings on either side, and a person standing in the road. The one on the right shows a landscape with a person in the foreground.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, containing a questionnaire or report form related to a UFO sighting.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds 
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Answer is redacted]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Names and addresses are redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Lengthy handwritten text describing previous UFO sightings is redacted]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Lengthy handwritten text describing the witness's opinion on the nature of the UFO is redacted]

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document, possibly a questionnaire or report related to Project Blue Book.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes (No) Variable
40. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? The speed was on the outer fringes.
41. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Did not estimate distance about yourself.
NAME: ADDRESS: SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS  TELEPHONE NUMBER: NONE Age: 42 Sex: MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent. I HAVE HAD COLLEGE TRAINING AT A SCHOOL OF ELECTRONICS & HAVE WORKED AS ELECTRONIC TECHNICIAN FOR 20 YEARS - I HAVE BEEN VERY INTERESTED IN SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH & INVESTIGATION OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS FOR SEVERAL YEARS & HAVE CORRESPONDED WITH SEVERAL WELL-KNOWN ORGANIZATIONS & INDIVIDUALS ENGAGED IN SUCH RESEARCH. I AM PRESENTLY EMPLOYED AS A ELECTRONICS TECHNICIAN IN THE ELECTRONICS DEPARTMENT OF A LARGE MILITARY BASE.
42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 8 - 7 - 60 YEAR

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a U.S. Air Force technical information sheet with a handwritten message that says "Refer to my letter of 3 August 1960 from Harvard College Observatory, which I was provided to ATIC."

Now, acting as an OCR system, I will output all the text found in the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following when writing in or attaching any furtherr information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are pertinent. Ty to present the details of the observa-
tion in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [REDACTED]
CODE: (Do Not Write In This Space)
SIGNATURE: [REDACTED]
DATE: 22 AUGUST 1960

Refer to my letter of 3 August 1960 from Harvard College Observatory, which I was provided to ATIC.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned copy of a typed letter or document from the Air Technical Intelligence Center (ATIC) dated September 30, 1960.

The text in the document is as follows:

September 30, 1960

Mr. Antonio J. Texas
San Antonio 1, Texas

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

We thank you once again for another fine observation report.

The nature, of course, is virtually impossible to determine the existence of this object. Your description seems to concur with other sightings made in your area to:

Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
United States Air Force
(ATIN REX)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

so that your report may be compared with any others which may have been received elsewhere.

If you should experience further sightings of this object, please report directly to the above address.

Thank you for your time and interest.

Respectfully,

Warren V. McCurdy
Public Information

131 ATIC
JAMES BACON
ECTOR, TEXAS

- page 12 -

The image appears to contain a radar/tracking diagram or plot of an unidentified aerial object. The diagram includes various angle and position measurements, as well as annotations describing the observed object's characteristics, such as "Sudden Angle Deviation" and "Shar 340 Deg, 42' N". There are no human faces or identifiable individuals visible in this image.

Aug 25, 1960
SUB: UFO sighted at 15.15
CST 17 DEC 1960
COMPARISON CAN BE MADE
POSITION AT 9.15 PM CST
THE GREAT SQUARE IS OVERHEAD

RADAR POSITION
Rar 270 Deg. 54' N
DISAPPEAR
Rar 325 Deg. 42' N

SHA - SUDDEN ANGLE
DEVIATION- DECLINATION

- page 13 -

This image appears to be a page from a UFO analysis report. There is no photograph present in this image.

Here is the text output from the document:

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET
Location Durenville, Texas 
Date 22 Aug 60
Time (Z): 2318 
W/X: Clear and calm
Description: A white light was observed in the sky. The light was round or oval and appeared to be stationary at first. It then moved to the north at a high rate of speed, then abruptly stopped and hovered for several minutes before moving off to the south at a high rate of speed. 
Size of object: One third the size of the full moon
Direction of motion: Northward, then southward
Satellites: (AFCIN-4T3, Phone 69219)
Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc.)
Radar Analysis (AFCIN-4T1)
Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc.)
Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc.
Other
Evaluation of Source Reliability: Unknown
Analysis and Conclusions: The witness was apparently an intelligent and reliable observer. The described object does not appear to be an astronomical phenomenon, aircraft or other known object. The abrupt changes in direction and speed are not typical of natural or man-made objects. This report is considered significant and merits further investigation.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. The text says "This case includes me (1) photographic page of maneuver. 8x10."

TEXT OUTPUT:
This case includes me (1) photographic page of maneuver. 8x10.

- page 15 -

The image contains a sketch or diagram of an unidentified flying object (UFO) along with some handwritten text. The text appears to be a letter describing an observation of the UFO. There is no photograph present in this image.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed using optical character recognition (OCR):

Smithsonian Institution
Astrophysical Observatory
60 Garden Street
Cambridge 38, Mass.

Dear Mr.:

Thank you for your letter of September 23, regarding my letter of September 24.

This may be of interest to you. Last night, September 24, at between 7:15 and 7:30, I saw an object in the sky near my home in Durenville, Texas. It was of a dark color, shaped like a half-disk with a dark area in the center. It moved across the sky at a fairly high rate of speed, from left to right, and then seemed to stop and hover for a few seconds. It would then move again, back and forth, in a somewhat erratic manner. At one point it seemed to go behind a small cloud, and then reappear. It would be a rocket on the way to the Moon, I am quite sure. This is an all-too-familiar sighting that I have had on several occasions, but this time I was able to observe it more closely than before. I watched it for about an hour but not able to say it came any closer or went away. I hope this will be of interest to you as much as it was to me.

Thank you; I am deeply interested in the hobby and the research of this matter.

Sincerely,

The Sketch:
LIGHT AREA
DARK AREA
FLIGHT PATH
FLIGHT PAH

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AFCIN-16Z7
UFO SIGHTTNG (Mr.
SAFOT-3d (L/Col Tucker):
1. Reference copy of attached letter to the Harvard Observatory from
the Air Force dated 25 August 1960.
2. The Harvard Observatory forwarded this letter to Spacetrock who in
turn forwarded it to ATIC and informed of their reaction.
3. The information provided in Mr.
letter is not extensive
enough to allow definitive identification. However, the document indicates
that no satisfactory identification was made and the Air Force has referred
it to ATIC.
FOR THE COMMANDER:
/s/ PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Liaison and Components
COORDINATION:
AFCIN-1627: 19 AUG 60 
ATIN-1332:  2 SEP 60

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old report document, specifically a letter dated October 19, 1960.

The text of the letter is as follows:

Dear Mr. ____,

Your letter of 28 August addressed to the Harvard Observatory concerning an unidentified flying object observed by you has been referred to me for reply. 

Your letter and enclosures are now being forwarded to the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio for their analysis and evaluation.

Therefore, I ask that you fill out the attached Air Force questionnaire and forward the completed document to the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio for their analysis and evaluation.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. _______
San Antonio 1, Texas

Coestaak 31-34
Reader 32-1

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document belonging to Project Blue Book.

AEROSP ACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE

S OCT 1960

SUBJECT: UFO SIGHTING (Mr. [REDACTED])

TO: SAPOT-3d (L/Col Tacker)
1. Reference copy of letter to the Harvard Observatory from the USAF, dated 24 August 1960.

2. The Harvard Observatory replied to the letter on 15 September 1960, and the USAF has turned forwarded it to ATIC and informed Mr. [REDACTED] of their action.

3. The letter from the Harvard Observatory appears to have been requested, though to allow an analysis. Suggest you forward ATIC Form 112 to Mr. [REDACTED] with instructions to forward them to ATIC.

FOR THE COMMANDERS

ANDY L. EVANS
Colonel - USAFE
Deputy for Science and Components

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter on official letterhead.

Text extracted from the document:

September 23, 1960

Mr. Antonio L. Texas
San Antonio 1, Texas

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

Thank you for your letter of 24 August, which was referred to us by Harvard Observatory.

We have not been able to determine the nature of your sighting, and the photograph forwarding is unsatisfactory.

The Air Technical Intelligence Center, ATIC) Project Blue Book, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, would be the proper agency to handle any further correspondence regarding this matter.

Any reports received should be sent directly to them.

We can get star charts, etc., each by writing to:

Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory
Harvard College Observatory
Cambridge 38, Massachusetts

Thank you for your time and interest.

Respectfully,

[Signature]
Martin W. McGeath
Public Information

- page 20 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) between 1947 and 1969.

Transcribing the text in the document:

Harvard College Observatory
Cambridge 38, Massachusetts

Dear Sir:

This is in regard to the incident reported to the military of a strange object observed in the sky over Durenville, Texas, on August 25, 1960.

The observers reported a strange hovering object which appeared to be a craft of some kind, approximately 30 feet in diameter, with a white light on the underside and a red light on the top. This object was observed to move in various directions and then disappear. The time of the observation was around 7:30 p.m.

There were two witnesses to this incident, a local farmer and a local business man. Both stated that the object was observed for approximately 20 minutes and that it appeared to be emitting some sort of energy or force field. No sound was reported during the observation.

This type of incident is of great interest to our observatory, as we have had several similar reports from this general area in recent months. We would appreciate any further details you may be able to provide regarding this sighting, such as the exact time, location, weather conditions, and any other relevant information.

Please let us know if you require any additional information from us.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]

Harvard College Observatory
Cambridge 38, Massachusetts

- page 21 -

