The image appears to contain a document from Project Blue Book, which is a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects. The document is a record card that provides details about a UFO sighting that occurred on June 4, 1960 in Leadville, Colorado.

The text in the document reads as follows:

1. DATE: 4 June, 1960
2. LOCATION: Leadville, Colorado
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visual
4. TYPE OF OBJECT: One
5. PHOTOS: None
6. DURATION: 3 Seconds
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 Seconds
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
9. COURSE: Down then Up
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Observer claimed to witness object flying very high and fast, which resembled a pale, extremely bright, almost luminous "glow" and then went into a dive and then back up. The object is described as being like the first, as the witness had dashed into the house to get a camera.
11. COMMENTS: The image at the top seems to be a photograph related to the sighting, but the text indicates that no photographs were taken. The comments indicate that the sighting was likely a reflection from a window pane and that the observer did not know the exact facing direction.

- page 1 -

The image contains a photograph that has been redacted or obscured. There is no clear image of a UFO or other object present.

1ST IND (AFCIN-4E2X)                                        6 December
OFFICE OF THE AIR ATTACHE, US Embassy, Ottawa, Ont., Canada
TO: ATIC (AFCIN-4E2X)

1. In reference to request contained in basic correspondence, the following information is forwarded as per paragraph 4:
a. The direction is not known.
b. The picture was not taken through a window.
c. There were no other witnesses.
d. No.
e. No further estimate than previously given, i.e., object across the line of sight.

2. The photograph was not taken through a pane of glass, as appears theabove. It is regretted that we are unable to supply information.

ROBERT W. WITTY
Colonel, USAF
Air Attache

- page 2 -

The image appears to be an aerial photograph of a snowy, forested landscape. There is no photograph provided with the document, only this aerial image. 

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
1960-06-7813065
Leadville, Colorado
7 June 1960

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report that has been classified as "UNCLASSIFIED". The text on the page includes the following information:

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

Classification Cancelled
for OKHHQ
Datefif/jL iff

J.t? 2'jl'^iSS

3 0 MAY 1966

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 4 -

The image contains a photograph, which appears to be a color slide taken by a Canadian tourist while the United States Air Force was investigating a UFO sighting in Leadville, Colorado on June 1, 1960. The report describes the witness's observations, including the estimated elevation of the object, its speed and angular velocity, as well as the camera settings used to capture the photograph. There is no text identifying any individuals in the image.

Text from the document:

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER 
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OPF:

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, Leadville, Colorado (Photograph)

TO:	Office of the Air Attache
	United States Embassy (AIRA/20L INT)
	Ottawa, Ontario, Canada

1. The attached color slide, taken by a Canadian tourist while the United States was investigating an ATIC object which was sighted on 1 June 1960, and is reported to show an unidentified flying object which the witness also saw.

Utilizing the information and the data from the slide, the following details regarding the witness' photographic equipment, the photographic exposure, and the object observed are furnished:

a. The estimate of the elevation (45°) of the object as reported by the witness is far out of line. The average elevation is much lower.

b. The witness reported that the shutter speed setting for this picture was 1/500. This means the object traveled a considerable distance while the picture was taken. At a distance of 7,200,000 nautical miles per second, 1/500 of a second, the object would have traveled approximately 14,400 feet. If such an object were to be seen all, it would appear as a linear streak approximately 1400 feet per second. If such an object were to be seen at all, it would appear as a linear streak.

c. Utilizing the speeds for 10 nautical miles distance and average of the 1-3 seconds during which the witness reported the object was in view, this object would then have traveled approximately 14,000 nautical miles.

d. The slide gives indication that the camera was not pointed directly at the object as would be expected under the circumstances, but was with the horizon.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document containing handwritten text.

The Object is in the middle or the photograph and yet the supposed trail left by the object is in two directions from point the objects location diametrically. This discrepancy raises the probability the object making the trail.

There is no evidence of an attempt by the photographer to follow the object (panning).

The witness reported that there was no sound from the object.

If the object had been moving as fast as some distant lights, the intensity and apparent closeness of the object is improbable. Meteors and general aerodynamic vehicles of US miles per second have been heard on occasion.

From the evidence available, the ATIC conclusion is that the disc-like object on the slide is probably a lenticular cloud. The picture was probably taken through a window and the streaks which have been mistaken for a trail is due to streaks on this glass.

Further examination of this sighting by ATIC would be enhanced by determining the following from the witness:
a. The direction which he was facing when the picture was taken.
b. Was the picture taken through a closed window?
c. Were there any other people witnessed?
d. Were there any other people present at the scene of the sighting?

How far does he estimate the object moved during the time he saw it (angularly and linearly).

Philip G. Evans
Colonel, USAF 
Deputy for Science and Components

1 Attachment: 
Color slide

- page 6 -

The image contains no photograph, only handwritten text that says "This one includes one (1) 8" x 10" color photograph."

Transcribing the text from the document:

This one includes one (1) 8" x 10" color photograph.

- page 7 -

The image contains a photograph of an unidentified flying object. The document states that the photograph was received from the Direction Intelligence RCAF (Royal Canadian Air Force) and forwarded to ATIC (Air Technical Intelligence Center) for further transmission.

The document provides details about the photograph, including the date/time it was taken (0630-0730 hrs on 6 June 1960), the location (Leadville, Colorado), and the photographer (a Canadian visitor to the USA). It also describes the observer's observations of the object, which was seen flying very high and rapidly oscillating, before a second object appeared and climbed across the sky.

The text in the document is as follows:

THE FOREIGN SERVICE
OF THE 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AirA/204 INT

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

TO: AFCIN-4E4g

1. The following information and attached colored photograph, received from the Direction Intelligence RCAF for further transmission to ATIC:

Time/Date : 0630-0730 hrs 6 June 1960.
Place : Leadville, Colorado.
"Place Contact" : Canadian visitor to USA. 
Photographer: Canadian visitor to USA.

The photographer is a responsible person, who was on holiday, and can be considered as reliable, hence the security classification.

The observer first saw an object flying very high and which resembled a pulse jet or rapidly oscillating rocket. This object then climbed across his view. A second object then appeared and described the same path across the sky. The first object, as mentioned before, is of the second object and is of a color slide, is of the second object as the background indicates it was obtained into his bedroom and obtained.

2. DAI are interested in any further information ATIC may have to offer. In addition, they have offered to query the observer there are further details required.

ROBERT W. SHAY
Colonel, USAF
Air Attache

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 8 -

The image appears to contain a photograph or document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project that investigated UFO sightings. However, since the image does not contain any human faces, I will not attempt to identify or name any individuals.

As an OCR system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

Ltr, AA, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, dtd 15 Aug 60, UFO 
1st Ind (AFCIN-4E2x) 
Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 
TO: Office of the United States Embassy, United States Embassy (AFCIN/SQ) 
Ottawa, Ontario, Canada
1. Request the observer be contacted and the following information obtained and forwarded to AFCIN/4E2x:
a. How much of the object would be covered by a matchhead at arm's length?
b. Were there any discernible features or details observed?
c. Did the object leave a trail or trail? If so, what was its size compared to the main object?
d. Was there a sound connected with the object?
e. What was the angle of elevation and the azimuth of the object when first sighted and last observed?
f. Describe the flight paths and maneuvers of the object.
g. How and where did the objects disappear?
h. How long were the objects in sight?
2. Request the original negative be forwarded to ATIC, also the additional photographic information is required:
a. Type, focal length, and make of lens.
b. Brand and type of film.
c. Lens, or "f" stop, used.
d. Type of filters used, if any.
e. Was "panning" used?
f. Exact direction camera was pointed with relation to true north.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

UNCLASSIFIED
3. Atch: w/a

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

B/L AA, Ottawa, Ont., Can. ATIN/204 INT 15 AUG 60
2d IND (ATIN/238 INT) 23 Septem
OFFICE OF THE AIR ATTACHE, US EMBASSY, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada
TO: ATIC (AFCIN-4E2X)

1. In reference to your 1st Indorsement, dated 22 August 1960, following information is forwarded as requested:
a. Three times the size of a matchhead.
b. None, other than extreme speed, height, and brightness.
c. No. (The trail apparent on the photograph was not visible to the naked eye.)
d. No sound.
e. At least 45° in elevation, no estimation in azimuth.
f. The object dived and then climbed away in front of the observer. The impression was that the speed increased during the maneuver.
g. Vanished from sight.
h. 1-3 secs.

2. The original slide is attached, and the additional photostatic copies include:
a. Zeiss Contessa, standard 1954 model.
b. Kodachrome, daylight.
c. Wide open.
d. No filters used.
e. No panning.
f. Not known. The locality was between Climax and Leadville, Colorado, range of mountains in the foreground might possibly indicate direction.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It appears to be a typed document with text only.

2d Ind (AFRA/238 INT)
3. It would be appreciated if the slide inclosed, which has between glass for safekeeping, could be returned to this office.

ROBERT W. WITTY
Colonel, USAF 
Air Attache

- page 11 -

The image appears to contain a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is a request for photoanalysis of an attached color slide.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the document, the text reads:

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER 
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE BASE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

AFCIN-4E2x

SUBJECT: Request for Photoanalysis

TO: AFCIN-4D4a

It is requested that photoanalysis be made of attached color slide. This slide and correspondence concerning slide are also attached.

(Signed)
RICHARD H. SHOOP
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-4E2

2 Atch:
1. Ltr 15 Aug 60, fr Air Ottawa, Canada, w/2d Ind
2. Envelope containing 2 slides and photograph

Ltr AFCIN-4E2x, 6 Oct 60, Request for Photoanalysis
Ist Ind (AFCIN-4D4a)
19 Oct 60
TO: AFCIN-4E2X (Col. R.R. Shoop)

1. If we accept the report of the photographer that observed this phenomenon then the trails and double image will require detailed analysis. However, the regard his observing an object there are several which may warrant further investigation. It would appear looking through the window the many light reflections could be on the window glass and mirroring into the camera.

2. It is suggested that future UFO photographs be taken before any additional information is requested from the source. This will enable us to obtain some of the conditions under which the photo (taken through window) were made.

- page 12 -

