PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
2 Jul 60

2. LOCATION
Kettering, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Level     0230

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual     □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual          □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. GMT
        06/0730Z

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2.5 sec

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
B

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Round, bluish-white, bright ball of fire which became brighter and more blue lifting up surrounding area. Object disappeared behind a tree.

11. COMMENTS
Description is characteristic of a meteor.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical Meteor
[X] Possibly Astronomical Meteor
□ Other:
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 59)

- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

No military or civilian aircraft were in the subject area (note X-16 & X-7 on spirit map) at this time.

Weather was quite clear with small patches of ground fog. Visibility was good with 6-10 miles visibility and the wind was from the N.W. at 10 kts at 500', light & variable at 2000', calm at the surface. Temperature was 65° D.P. 63, Calm with barometer at 29.97. The time was 0 700 Z.

Eastern at Tw A Constellation left Vandalia heavy unit. AHCS spotted that a shortly by 5 miles from of letter of Sanford, Ind.

Corresponded to a great number of sightings around 223 Eastern including the Indiana State Police to the Time Herrick Center of a Blue-white flash of 4 sec. duration. Channel A-B, Illinois town was called and reported that it was a Russian satellite entry - having the atmosphere. They said that it was due to occur again at 1900 Z 3 July and they would attempt to photograph it at this time. Unable to Contact - WADD flight that could U.S. with some sun balloon where.

Rec'd. Puckett, Jr.

(Partial text at bottom of page: ATIC S.D.O.)

- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

No military or civilian aircraft were in the subject
area (near Y-16 + X-7 on grid map) at this time.
Weather was quite clear with small patches of
ground fog. Visibility was good with 6-10
miles visibility and the wind was from
the N.W. at 10 kts at 600', light variable at
2000', calm at the surface. Temperature
was 65°. D.P. 63, Calm with barometer at
29.97, the time was 0 700 Z, at 0115
Eastern at TWA Constellation left Vandalia
heading west. AACS reported that a reporting
by Daniel Lens of REP of Sanford, Ind.
corresponded to a great number of reportings
around 0238 Eastern including the Indiana
State Police to the Terre Haute Center of a
Blue-white flash of 4 sec. duration. Chanute
AFB, Illinois tower was called and reported
that it was a Russian satellite entering +
having the atmosphere. they said that it
was due to occur again at 0 900 Z
3 July and they would attempt to photograph
it this time. Unable to Contact - WADD
Flight test and U.S. weather service on
balloon release.

Roi L. Prucha, Jr
Captain USAF 13464
ATIC SDO.

- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2   JULY   1966
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: CA   3C
             Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted]   Kettering   Ohio
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or Country

Additional remarks:

5. How long was object in sight?         1.5
                                    Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 FEB 60 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.

- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):                 8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                                 a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                                b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                                 c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember                        d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
   (Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? Much, much brighter

11. Did the object:                         (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?    Yes   No   Don't Know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?   Yes   No   Don't Know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?       Yes   No   Don't Know
    d. Give off smoke?                       Yes   No   Don't Know
    e. Change brightness?                    Yes   No   Don't Know
    f. Change shape?                         Yes   No   Don't Know
    g. Flash or flicker?                     Yes   No   Don't Know
    h. Disappear and reappear?               Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
    it moved behind: Clouds of trees

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
    in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses                Yes   No    e. Binoculars           Yes   No
    b. Sun glasses               Yes   No    f. Telescope            Yes   No
    c. Windshield                Yes   No    g. Theodolite           Yes   No
    d. Window glass              Yes   No    h. Other

- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound    None
    b. Color    Blush-white (seemed bright + more white)

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
    Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

    No definite shape other than a round, bright ball of fire which lit up the surrounding area.

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
               b. Like a bright star
               c. Sharply outlined
               d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?    Only one
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[A hand-drawn diagram showing a curved line from point A to point B]

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
About the diameter of the wing span of T-35 at 5000 ft.

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 1/3 of the object was covered.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, it went behind a tree.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A ball of fire of the intensity of the arc from 10 to 20 arc welding sets.

- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
looked out of driveway on Hemingdale Drive and saw effect - brilliant. Caused at to We saw.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North __276__ degrees.
b. From horizon __16__ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North __276__ degrees.
b. From horizon __16__ degrees.

- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Reported to Kettering Police at 1300.

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes (No)

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes (No)

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
MANY TIMES DURING THE NIGHT ABOUT
THE SAME TIME.

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Probably a meteor or nose cone
entering the atmosphere.

- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 670 6.0 MPH

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? about 1 miles away at 45° altitude

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] KETTERING ST, OHIO
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]

Age 31   Sex M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:   2   July   66
                                            Day   Month   Year

- page 11 -

