Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
23 Sep 60

2. LOCATION
30 mi E of Windsor, Canada

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local   2111

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
□ Ground-Visual    □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual       □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. PHOTOS
□ Yes   □ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Less than 15 min

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Oblong object with size and brightness of 1st magnitude star without sparkle and brilliance, continuous rather fuzzy, appeared high. Object traveled a straight course.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Highly probable that object was a meteor.

ATIC FORM 164 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

HEADQUARTERS
AIR FORCE MISSILE TEST CENTER
AIR RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
PATRICK AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: MCNRY

21 Sep 1960

SUBJECT: Transmission of Letter Reporting UFO

TO: ATIC
Wright-Patterson AFB
Ohio

The attached letter was received by this Branch on 20 September 1960.
It is forwarded for your information and any appropriate action.
This Center has no additional knowledge of the incident reported.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
OSCAR G. BRIDEMAN JR.
Captain, USAF
Chief, Technical Information and
Intelligence Branch

1 Atch n/s


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Letterhead with blacked out section]

14 Sept 1960

1205. Test Centers
Operations Division
Cap Canaveral Fla. USA

During the early evening of September
25th 1960 (labour day) I observed a flying object
which moved unusually and at a high rate of
unusual exploration for its occurrence. I wonder if
you shall enlighten me of the subject.

The following observation was made:

Time: Sept. 25th 1960 approx: 2111 hrs.
Place: a point 20 miles east of Leamington
Object: This grid (seven miles west of Leamington)
out the sparkle & brilliance usual other
with stars. The object moved in a
oblong, contours rather than sharp, no
definite shape (such as common with falling stars
and comets)
Altitude unknown, but extremely high, sound
was none. The obj. traveled a meridian course
without chance of direct or altitude, center
from obj. south and slightly east. Direction as
approx N20°E (judging by the position of polaris)
speed seemed approx 1/2 to 1 degree of arc
covered in 2 or 3 seconds. Observation
was made through the arc of approx. 15°-
20° traversed narrowly bright.

A few minutes later, while sitting of 5th altitude deck
unit was drifting no jet plan, headlight, etc.
a commercial air craft was seen traveling a west-east
course and seemed to have no relation.

[Signature blacked out]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Top Right]
October 1960

Dear Mr. [redacted]

Your letter of 14 September addressed to Cape Girareval this Office for reply.

It is highly probable that you observed a meteor. The velocities of meteors range from approximately 15 miles per second to 50 miles per second. From the information provided, the object was probably moving at a velocity of approximately 15 miles per second if it were at a distance of approximately 30 miles. The average meteor becomes visible at approximately 85 miles altitude.

The prime reason that meteor velocities vary is that they are a class generally overtaking the earth or meeting it in its path around the sun. Meteors from between moon and earth being generally overtaking and those between midnight and moon being generally met. The orbital velocity is an average 18½ miles per second.

Meteors become visible when they are heated to incandescence upon entering the atmosphere and can be seen in the trail air. The luminous is due to ionization of the surface of the meteor with a function of the velocity. It has already been pointed out that the velocity, it can be expected that if a trail was formed that it was probably very faint. You indicated that the 1960 occurrence belong and calls, in the opinion of the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, represents the probable extent of the trail from the meteor. For your information, persistence of the trail is also a function of velocity.

Sincerely,

[Signature]
LAWRENCE J. TUCKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

[Bottom Address]
Cape North Co
CANADA


- page 4 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

AFOSR-UL-62
UFO Sighting (C)                                                                   5 OCT 1960

Subj: UFO-604 (UFoul Enclosure)

1. Reference the attached letter to Cape Clearwell from _______ dated 14 September 1960.

2. It is highly probable that _________ observed a meteor. The visual sighting of meteor during the early morning hours of 15 miles or so across the sky, allies per record. From the information provided by _______ the object viewed by him would have a velocity or a meteorite of about 10 miles per second if it were at a distance of approximately 50 miles. The average meteor becomes visible as approximately 15 miles altitude.

3. The primary reason that meteor velocities vary is not clear are other normally contrasted with meteor behavior. In the past around the sun. Meteors have been between noon and midnight, generally rotating with those between midnight and noon being generally near the critical velocity is an average 10 miles per second.

4. Meteors become visible when they are heated to incandescence upon entering the atmosphere and the width is due to ionization of the rarefied air. In a landmark study by Jacchia, a relatively slow meteor, it has already been pointed out that the object slowed relatively slowly. Therefore, it can be observed that if a trail was formed that it was probably very faint. This observation, together with the above, suggests along and this, in the opinion of who, represents the probable extent of the trail for said meteor. For your further information, persistence of the trail is also a function of velocity.

5. Suggest you inform _______ of our conclusion. The witness' address is as follows:

[Blacked out location in Windsor, Ontario, Canada]

[Signatures and official stamps at bottom of document]


- page 5 -

