The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 record card containing information about a UFO sighting that took place on 9 Jul 60 in Mason, Ohio.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 9 Jul 60
2. DATE-TIME GROUP: Level 2048
3. LOCATION: Mason, Ohio
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes 
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 min
7. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Flight light, flickered, appeared to be rising, a disk-like object, diameter was approximately 20-25 ft, bright white, hovered for a short time (4-5 sec), moved at high speed south. Sources did not investigate.
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Flight light, flickered, appeared to be rising, a disk-like object, diameter was approximately 20-25 ft, bright white, hovered for a short time (4-5 sec), moved at high speed south. Sources did not investigate.
11. COMMENTS: Astro charts indicate the star pattern or stationery magnitude [sic] Mar near the position reported for the object. However, the position and movement of the object are not consistent with astronomical observations.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Was Probably Astrology. Insufficient Data for Evaluation.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. However, it does contain textual information that can be extracted using an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system.

Extracted text:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write our a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

(text handwritten in the image)
Can't say for sure just what I saw - looked like a bright light, just can't describe it exactly. Seems to be moving up and down - didn't stay in one spot - could not tell for sure what it was.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank page with some handwritten text in the top left corner.

Page 19
Continued Sgt 1. 6-27-60 - Copy

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with questions about estimating the speed and distance of an observed object.

The text in the document is as follows:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE: [redacted]
Age: 6 Sex: F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
[redacted]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[redacted]

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.
We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? [Redacted]
2. Time of day: 11 - 22 - 60 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? [Redacted] City or Town [Redacted] State or Country
Additional remarks: [Redacted]
5. How long was object in sight? [Redacted] Hours [Redacted] Minutes [Redacted] Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember
ATIC FO 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, which contains a questionnaire with various questions related to an observed UFO sighting.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
    8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
    8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember  

10. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS?

11. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
    c. Break into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
    d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
    e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
    f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
    g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't Know
    h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. DID THE OBJECT MOVE BEHIND SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
    (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. DID THE OBJECT MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
    (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. DID THE OBJECT APPEAR: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. DID YOU OBSERVE THE OBJECT THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING?
    a. Eyeglasses Yes No
    b. Sun glasses Yes No
    c. Windshield Yes No
    d. Window glass Yes No
    e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
    g. Theodolite Yes No
    h. Other

- page 6 -

There is no photograph or image present in this page from the old UFO report document. The page contains only text with questions and prompts for the observer to describe the sighting.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound -
b. Color - 

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A simple hand-drawn sketch is provided in response to this prompt.]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): 1. Fuzzy or blurred 2. Like a bright star 3. Sharply outlined 4. Don't remember
Other:

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph or illustration. It appears to be a page from an old document, likely a questionnaire or report form related to Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR output:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting or observation. The text on the form includes various questions about the location, movement, and direction of the observed object, as well as questions related to the observer's position and actions. The form also asks the observer to estimate the number of degrees the object was from the horizon during its appearance and disappearance.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city? 
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Circled / Explorer 3; awake and observing, caught my attention

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes / No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest  i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One) 
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest  i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from the horizon (elevation) when it was observed from true North (true east-west) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation) when it was observed.
31.1 When it first appeared: From true North __ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: From true North __ degrees.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather two sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line with an object above the horizon line, and instructions to imagine that the object was observed above the horizon. The second sketch contains two larger sketches, one showing a person on a road, and the other showing a person standing in a landscape.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a form to be filled out. I will now proceed to extract all the textual content from the form:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)       WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Clear sky                a. Dry
b. Hazy                    b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds        c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds   d. Snow
                           e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day        Month        Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)   Yes   No  

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[REDACTED]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[BLANK]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[REDACTED]

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the observed object.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
Age: [Redacted] Sex: [Redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [Redacted]

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data) form.

OCR output:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may restate information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

(Do Not Write In This Space)
CODE:

The handwritten text on this form is a descriptive statement about an observed event. It mentions details about the event without identifying any individuals.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page with handwritten notes or text in the top portion.

TRANSCRIBED TEXT:
Page 10

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, likely part of Project Blue Book, which was a program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? JULY 1960 Year
2. Time of day: 20:15 Hour 2115 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? MASON CITY or Town OHIO State or Country
5. How long was object in sight? 30 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Estimate c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right

ATIC FTD 82 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page appears to be a questionnaire or form with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) of the text in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Full moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
A yes

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still at any time?  Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?  Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode?  Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke?  Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness?  Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape?  Yes No Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker?  Yes No Don't Know 
h. Disappear and reappear?  Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses  Yes No
b. Sun glasses  Yes No
c. Windshield  Yes No
d. Window glass  Yes No
e. Binoculars  Yes No
f. Telescope  Yes No 
g. Theodolite  Yes No
h. Other  [ ]

- page 16 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that includes a questionnaire with instructions and some blank space to draw a picture.

The text in the document is as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound - 
b. Color - 

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

13. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                   b. Like a bright star
                   c. Sharply outlined
                   d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document or report, containing questions and blank spaces for written responses.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "G" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 18 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with various questions and answer choices for the witness to fill out.

Page 3
25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
(Blank space for witness to fill in response)

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? __________________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. West
b. Northwest
c. North
d. Northeast
e. East
f. Southeast
g. South
h. Southwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), and to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (0 deg.) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only sketches and illustrations. The first sketch shows a curved line with a point labeled "A" to indicate how high an object was above the horizon when first seen, and another point labeled "B" to show how high the object was above the horizon when last seen.

The second sketch shows a larger landscape scene with a person standing on a road, with two smaller inset sketches showing examples of how to complete the larger sketch.

Text Output:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a filled-out Project Blue Book report form.

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? [DAY] [MONTH] [YEAR]

Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? [Circle One] YES NO
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? [Circle One] YES NO
36.2 Please list their names and addresses: [REDACTED]

Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? [Circle One] YES NO
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 21 -

