The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a project 10073 record card from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 14 Jun 60
2. LOCATION: Concord, Massachusetts
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 2350
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 
   [] Ground-Visual
   [x] Air-Visual
   [] Ground-Radar
   [] Air-Intercept Radar
5. SOURCE: Civilian
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 Sec.
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Very large, bright orange, first seen in the SSW, last seen in the W. Apparent motion was S-W, moved very fast, blinking, viewed for no more than 30 sec. Rose into view behind trees and climbed to the W.
9. COURSE: S-W
10. COMMENTS: The apparent speed of the object was excessive for a balloon, but is suggestive of an air/c.
11. CONCLUSIONS:
    [x] Was Balloon
    [] Probably Balloon
    [] Possibly Balloon
    [] Probably Aircraft
    [] Possibly Aircraft
    [] Unidentified
    [] Insufficient Data for Evaluation
    [] Other

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed letter from the Air Technical Intelligence Center to Mrs. [redacted] regarding her report of an unidentified observation. The letter is dated July 26, 1960.

Text in the document:
July 26, 1960
Dear Mrs. [redacted],
We have not been able to determine the nature of your recent observation, and are therefore forwarding your report to:
AFOIN-4Hq
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio
Any further correspondence regarding this matter should be sent to them.
Thank you very much for your time and interest, and should we be able to help you again please do not hesitate to write or call.
Respectfully,
[redacted]
WWN/tc
CC: ATIC

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report form for unidentified objects.

REPORT FORM FOR UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS
Information marked * is vital
Place of observation: [redacted], Mass.
Date: June 14, 1966
Time: 8:51 P.M.
Accuracy of time shown: (to the nearest minute or "5 minutes", etc.)
No sighting at all. Witness reported that a strange object did appear out of the east low on the horizon, but could not be seen for long, as it soon disappeared. PAF FORMS direction in which object was first seen: South-southwest directly
Direction in which object was last seen: West
Length of time object was seen: no more than half minute
Apparent direction in which object travelled: South to west (N-S, SW-NE, W-E, etc.)
Did it change direction? No - just a very brief view from tree-tops on the back of my garden and rose in sky to west
General impression or speed: Very fast and blinking
Size and shape: (If any) extremely large in expanse - just a bright star-like object, just like a large star.
Brightness and colors: Extremely bright and green in color

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph or image. It appears to be a page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book report, with handwritten text.

Any marked variation in brightness: no
Did it explode, disintegrate, or suddenly vanish: no 
Any tail or trail: no
Did any sound accompany the object: I was on a screened porch and I heard no sound
If sound followed later, give time interval: no sound
Was it examined with binoculars or telescopes or photographed: no
Other remarks: The object was in the half way distance of a broken line in the sky. Part of a beam which was not like an arrow but it had been seen in the sky before. I should think it curved the park, being never too high while visible. It went behind a cloud and when the beam left it curved down to the horizon.
Name: Conrad, Mass
Address: Redacted
Phone No: Redacted
Date: Redacted

The text indicates that the report describes an observation of an unidentified aerial object, but no photograph is present in the image.

- page 4 -

