The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP
18 Nov 59
2. LOCATION
Oakwood, Ohio
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
a. Ground-Radar
b. Air-Visual
4. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Approx. 10 mins.
9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Very faint rectangular object was sighted at 1825 hours. Initially it appeared as a point of light, gradually increasing in size. As it receded it became dimmer and then was lost from view. The object was probably a trace.

15. CONCLUSIONS
a. Was definite
b. Possibly balloon
c. Probably Astronomical
d. Probably Aircraft
e. Probably Astronomical
f. Possibly Aircraft
g. Unknown

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing text only.

RECEIVED CALLS: 15 November 1950

CAPT NAYLOR: We'd like to your views, if any.
MR. [REDACTED]: What is your phone number?
CAPTAIN NAYLOR: Did I understand you are employed on the power project?
MR. [REDACTED]: Yes, I'm an electrical foreman and I noticed something unusual - a strange light and something that looked like a saucer hovering over the plant. About 150, in other words, you were about due south of the power plant and the first time I saw it, it was about due south and about 300 feet up. It was bearing of 320째 from your position.
CAPTAIN NAYLOR: It was bearing of 320째 from your position?
MR. [REDACTED]: It was bearing from about 320째 the first time I saw it. It looked to me like it was gathering in for a short time and then it went up rapidly, about 320째 or something like that. It shot up and just took off towards the northeast.
CAPTAIN NAYLOR: Would you estimate that it was traveling at a normal pace or somewhat faster?
MR. [REDACTED]: It was going rather fast, I would say it was faster than a normal aircraft. It wasn't too high, it was down low, it wasn't too high. It wasn't too far away, it was pretty close. But it was down low and it shot up rapidly and just took off to the northeast.
CAPTAIN NAYLOR: Would you estimate that it was traveling at a normal pace or somewhat faster?
MR. [REDACTED]: It was going rather fast, I would say it was faster than a normal aircraft. It wasn't too high, it was down low, it wasn't too high. It wasn't too far away, it was pretty close. But it was down low and it shot up rapidly and just took off to the northeast.
CAPTAIN NAYLOR: Would you estimate that it was traveling parallel with the horizon or more like a vertical ascent?
MR. [REDACTED]: It was roughly parallel with the horizon, but it was down low and then it shot up rapidly and just took off to the northeast. It wasn't too high, it was down low, and then it just shot up rapidly and took off.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a transcript of a conversation between two individuals, referred to as "Captain Saylor" and "Mr. [redacted]".

CAPTAIN SAYLOR: And did it happen any earlier to say  
MR. [redacted]: No, it was last night. It was so bright that  

CAPTAIN SAYLOR: Could you distinguish a definite shape to it?  
MR. [redacted]: Yes, it was triangular.  

CAPTAIN SAYLOR: Did it have any outline other than it?  
MR. [redacted]: It was like my flashlight was triangular on it and this glow all around it. It was about 18 inches or 2 feet in diameter.  

CAPTAIN SAYLOR: Could you make any estimate on size?  
MR. [redacted]: It was just like I say, first I thought it was a shooting star, then I got close to it and it was stationary. It was a bluish-white glow and it would gradually get bright and then gradually get dim but it was not a star because it didn't have the twinkle of a star.

CAPTAIN SAYLOR: Did you hear any sound or any noise?  
MR. [redacted]: There was no noise, no.  

CAPTAIN SAYLOR: I'll pass this on to the intelligence people.  
MR. [redacted]: Well, I was wondering if I have been doing too much flying and I have been thinking about it all day today and I thought maybe they could tell me something about it.  

CAPTAIN SAYLOR: That was all the information they may want. They may have more questions.
MR. [redacted]: Okay, tell them I'll tell you - I'm here at the store.  

CAPTAIN SAYLOR: And you spell your name.
MR. [redacted]: Well, thank you for calling in.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Transcription of the text in the document:

1. I saw a light -- It was luminous 
2. It seemed to move around slowly
3. Its motion direction was not steady
4. It suddenly became very intense and bright
5. Its color was white to yellowish white
6. It continued for about 5 or 6 minutes
7. It was similar to other 2 sightings
8. A very interesting phenomenon
9. It could be a reflection of some sort
10. It was gone then for 2 seconds
11. Bright was the source

- page 4 -

