PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
30 Aug 60

2. LOCATION
South Tewksbury, Massachusetts

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local     0259
GMT       30/0753Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual    □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual         □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1-2 obj. -- 2 sec or less

7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
two

8. COURSE
SE

9. BEING SOMETHING
First object was combination of blue and red.
Second object was same color and brightness as
first. Both appeared to be traveling in same
between witness and some trees approx 200' away.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Witness claims to have seen the objects
between the house and some trees which
are located about 200' away. Witness was
lying in bed at the time reportedly did
not have much of the sky in view. Witness
is an amateur and could not go to the
window for a better view. They were possibly fireballs. However, this is highly
doubtful. There was only one witness to
the sighting, therefore classed as
INSUFFICIENT DATA.


- page 1 -

September 15, 1960

Mrs. [redacted]
Tewksbury, Massachusetts

Dear Mrs. [redacted]:

We have not been able to determine the nature of your recent observation, and are therefore forwarding your report to:

Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
Ohio

Any further correspondence regarding this matter should be sent to them.

Thank you for your time and interest.

Respectfully,

Warren W. McCurdy
Public Information

cc: ATIC

[Stamp at bottom of page appears to read "ATIC" and has some additional text that is partially illegible]


- page 2 -

REPORT FORM FOR METEOR OBSERVATION

Information marked * is vital

Place of observation: South Tewksbury, Mass.
a.m.

Date: August 30                Time: 3:58 daylight saving
                                2:58 a.m. standard time
                                (at a.m. standard)

Accuracy of time given above:
(e.g. "bay guess", or "absolute", or "±5 minutes", etc.)
(2 and object - appr. 5 minutes later)

Brightness (compared to stars, planets, moon or other useful standard source such as street light at a certain distance):
1st object - coloredly bright blue and red
2nd object - same brightness as moon on a clear night

Direction in which object was seen:
(to N, or SE, or NW, etc.)

Length of time object was seen:
1st - two seconds
2nd - 1/2 of a second or less

Apparent direction in which object traveled:
(N-S, SW-NE, W-N, etc.)

Both SE

Did it change direction?
Couldn't tell

General impression of angular speed:
(degrees/sec. across sky)

Size and shape (if any):
(If like a star, may say "star-like")
1st object - like a narrow sandwich
2nd object - like a fragment of the moon


- page 3 -

Dear Sir,

I wish to make some explanations regarding these objects which my mother has seen at aforesaid. My mother is in the state and could not get out of bed to go to the window to try to see more of these objects or follow them. She certainly would have if she could. From the window which afforded her the view, not much of the sky is visible due to a number of pine trees approximately 200 ft. from the house. Now, she claims that she saw these objects in front of or behind these trees. Therefore, these objects could not have been more than 75 or 50 feet off the ground, whatever they were. If these objects were in the sky, they would only be visible through the metal openings in the tree branches. But my mother emphatically claims the contrary.

I feel that explanation is absolutely necessary in order to bring validate what my mother has seen.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 4 -

1st object - combination of blue and red

2nd object - same color and brightness of red

Did it explode, disintegrate, or suddenly vanish? more in a clear

Could not see

Any trail or trail?
NO

Did any sound accompany the object?
NO

If sound followed later, give time interval:

Was it examined with binoculars or telescopes or photographed?
NO

Give position of trajectory for at least two points with regard
to stars if possible:

Any other remarks:
For more explanation please see other side

Name: [redacted]
Phone No: [redacted]
Address: [redacted]
Date: Sept. 14


- page 5 -

