Here is the OCR text from the document:

the Government would announce it immediately. In fact, an event of this sig-
nificance I feel positive that one agency in the Government, like the Air
Force, could not repress such information. I feel that it would be in the
public domain almost immediately if an event of this significance did take
place.

As to the people that make up these groups, a lot of them are people
like you and I that are interested in this technological age of ours. I
was talking to Willy Lay, the famous rocket researcher, the day before yester-
day and he pointed out that we have over thirty-three pieces of hardware
circling the earth right now, which is a tremendous number of artifacts to be
up there whirling around. They're not all satellites, some of them are
second-stage, third-stage pieces of rockets, but they're up there. And I
think the public itself is getting very used to this type of thing. That's
why I prophesied in the book that the flying saucer era itself is coming to
an end.

CORRION: How do you mean that?

COLONEL TACKER: Well, I believe, really, that the flying saucer era
is similar to the great ascent on spiritualism which took place at the turn of
the century, and I believe that the public will find some other romantic subject
to become imbued in and go on to it, rather than flying saucers. We're be-
coming used to space and it looks as though we're going to put a man into space
real soon and I think this will really signify the end of the so-called saucer
era.

DAVIS: Can we get back to the flying saucer clubs, et cetera?
What's in it for people who become avid fans of the UFO? The people who pro-
mote the reports, the people who constantly write you letters?

- 7 -


- page 1 -

diverted very quickly to the area; we could probably pin this down in a mat-
ter of minutes.

CORRICK: Is there any particular time of year, Colonel Tucker, 
when these sightings are more frequent?

COLONEL TACKER: Well, yes, Ann; in the gold spring and summertime 
when people are outside and are looking up. I don't imagine we had many re-
ports on this Eastern seaboard in the last two or three days because most 
people have been inside next to their fires.

CORRICK: Is there any particular area of the country that you get 
greater numbers of reports...?

COLONEL TACKER: No, it seems to be rather evenly spread throughout 
the country.

CORRICK: I know we've had quite a few stories from our station in 
Cleveland, Ohio; and it seems to me they are seeing an awful lot of flying 
saucers in Cleveland.

COLONEL TACKER: I don't think Cleveland is more guilty than any of 
the other cities. Cleveland and Akron do have rather active UFO groups out 
there which are probably stressing again and again, and again, the fact that 
space travel in reverse is an accomplished fact. But I don't think we could 
take any one section or one city and pin it down and say that they reported 
more UFO's than anybody else.

DAVIS: What about phases of the moon? Does that have any effect on 
reports of UFO's?

COLONEL TACKER: Not noticeably, Sid. This has been looked into.

DAVIS: Is that right?

COLONEL TACKER: Yes, Sir.

- 11 -


- page 5 -

DAVIS: You've examined the effect of --

COLONEL TACKER: Yes Sir. When I say the Aero Space Technical Intelligence Center, I'm talking about technical intelligence and technical services across the board. And this includes the psychological aspects of a thing like this.

CORRICK: Colonel Tacker, you're checked out in jets; you're checked out in jets

COLONEL TACKER: I'm a master navigator.

CORRICK: Are you...

COLONEL TACKER: Yes, Ma'am.

CORRICK: At any rate you know the potential of things to come;

COLONEL TACKER: I'm qualified in current jet aircraft; multi-engine jets, yes ma'am.

CORRICK: Well do you honestly believe that we ever will put a man on the moon, a man into space?

COLONEL TACKER: I'm sure of it, Am. I'm sure we'll put a man into space and eventually on the moon. I think it's our new frontier.

CORRICK: Someone else has picked up that phrase too, lately. Well do you believe personally that there is life on other planets? Aside from your official Air Force position?

COLONEL TACKER: I believe there's a strong possibility that there's some type of life out there, either vegetable or otherwise, Am, and I think we'll probably discover it some day.

CORRICK: How did you get interested in this project of UFO's?

COLONEL TACKER: Well, it wasn't a matter of getting interested in it, Am; when I was assigned in the Pentagon this was one project that was given to

- 12 -


- page 6 -

me. Incidentally, there's one little phase of this where some of the UFO people say we do withhold information; they will go to an individual air base or someplace else and ask for given details on a specific case; and they're referred up to this office, where we have the big picture. We know that ATIC is working on it out in Ohio -- Aero Space Technical Intelligence people -- we know that the air base is doing something, and we know what investigative group is on it. And they're referred up here mainly because we have the big picture.

DAVIS: Colonel, you're a man that does a lot of flying, and the airlines pilots do a lot of flying, and these are competent people;

COLONEL TUCKER: Absolutely!

DAVIS: --serious people, a lot of airline pilots have made statements in the past that they are convinced that they saw something that might have come from another planet, that was an object flying -- not a mirage, not a refraction of any kind, not a sky-hook balloon. Now how do you answer these questions?

COLONEL TUCKER: Well I'm convinced that they saw something, Sid; but I'm also convinced they didn't see a space ship as yet; many things enter into a pilot's way of life. Some fatigue, vertigo -- that type of thing. Many of them have seen lights which they couldn't identify for the moment, and a moment later they were identified as a light on the ground.

CORRICK: Colonel Tucker, I'm sorry to interrupt, but our time is up. Thank you for providing a Washington viewpoint about flying saucers.

Our guest on Washington Viewpoint tonight has been Colonel Lawrence J. Tucker, Chief of the Magazine and Book Branch of the United States Air Force Office of Information. This program originated tonight in Colonel Tucker's office in the Pentagon. This is Ann Corrick with Sid Davis.

- 13 -


- page 7 -

FOR RELEASE: 9 PM. EST. Tuesday, December 20, 1960

"WASHINGTON VIEWPOINT"

PRODUCED BY
The Washington News Bureau
of
The Westinghouse Broadcasting Co., Inc.

GUEST: Lt. Col. Lawrence J. Tacker
Chief of the Magazine & Book Branch of the
Air Force Office of Information.

INTERVIEWED BY: Ann Corriok
Assistant Chief, WBC Washington News Bureau
Sid Davis
Washington Correspondent

"WASHINGTON VIEWPOINT" is heard in Washington at 9 PM. EST,
Tuesday, December 20, 1960, over radio station WWDC

1626 K Street, N. W.
Room #203
Washington 6, D. C.
Sterling 3-0807


- page 8 -

FOR RELEASE: 9 PM. EST, Tuesday, December 20, 1960

"WASHINGTON VIEWPOINT"

CORRICK: Good evening. This is Ann Corrick with Sid Davis at the Pentagon in Washington. Washington Viewpoint tonight is concerned with a curious controversy -- flying saucers. Are they real or are they imagined?

Our guest on Washington Viewpoint has devoted many years of study to this question. He is Lieutenant Colonel Lawrence J. Tucker, a war combat veteran and master navigator with the United States Air Force. Colonel Tucker currently is Chief of the Magazine and Book Branch of the Air Force Office of Information. His long-time interest in reports of flying saucers, or unidentified flying objects as they're called, led him to publish a book earlier this month which describes just what the Air Force is doing about persistent reports that some one somewhere has actually spotted flying saucers. The title of Colonel Tucker's book, by the way, is Flying Saucers and the U. S. Air Force, published by Van Nostrand, and it represents the official Air Force position on the question of whether they are real or imagined.

Well, Colonel, just what is the official Air Force position; are there actually little people from a celestial culture flying around spying on us?

COLONEL TUCKER: Definitely not. Ann. The official Air Force position on flying saucers or space ships from other planets is that we do not deny the possibility that life could exist out there some place and that a visit from outer space could happen. What we say is that to date it has not happened. That is, we have no evidence on hand to prove the existence of space ships or the fact that space travel in reverse is fait accompli.

CORRICK: And yet a lot of people who are intelligent and alert people claim that they actually have seen what must be a space ship from some other planet.


- page 9 -

ground or what caused the return on the radar scope.

DAVIS: Colonel, what about all the charges and speculation that the Air Force has secret documents on file that are conclusions to the UFO situation and refuses to release the information?

COLONEL TACKER: This is pure rubbish, Sid. There are no such documents. I've gone through the files, I've looked thoroughly for any such an Air Force conclusion. I've never found anything to this effect and I'd like to add that the Air Force regulation on this subject, 200-2, paragraph 18 to be exact, cites specifically that UFO sightings will not be classified.

DAVIS: What other countries have frequent flying saucer reports?

COLONEL TACKER: Well, just from my experience and reading many of the reports from our own Aero-Space Technical Intelligence Center, I would say that, really, the countries that have most of the reports would be Australia, New Zealand, England and the South American or Spanish-speaking countries.

DAVIS: What about Russia?

COLONEL TACKER: That's a difficult question. We have received on occasion through our own sources over there, people stationed within Russia at various times, second-hand reports of the fact that UFO's or flying saucers have been seen there, but naturally we receive no direct result from Russian authorities.

DAVIS: Well, do Russian scientists tell you anything about their investigations of these things? Do they do anything about these reports in Russia that you know of?

COLONEL TACKER: Not that I know of, Sid, no.

CORRICK: Colonel Tacker, since the Air Force has begun investigating these sightings have these reports increased or decreased?

- 4 -


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

the Government would announce it immediately. In fact, an event of this sig-
nificance I feel positive that one agency in the Government, like the Air
Force, could not repress such information. I feel that it would be in the
public domain almost immediately if an event of this significance did take
place.

As to the people that make up these groups, a lot of them are people
like you and I that are interested in this technological age of ours. I
was talking to Willy Lay, the famous rocket researcher, the day before yester-
day and he pointed out that we have over thirty-three pieces of hardware
circling the earth right now, which is a tremendous number of artifacts to be
up there whirling around. They're not all satellites, some of them are
second-stage, third-stage pieces of rockets, but they're up there. And I
think the public itself is getting very used to this type of thing. That's
why I prophesied in the book that the flying saucer era itself is coming to
an end.

CORRION: How do you mean that?

COLONEL TACKER: Well, I believe, really, that the flying saucer era
is similar to the great ascent on spiritualism which took place at the turn of
the century, and I believe that the public will find some other romantic subject
to become imbued in and go on to it, rather than flying saucers. We're be-
coming used to space and it looks as though we're going to put a man into space
real soon and I think this will really signify the end of the so-called saucer
era.

DAVIS: Can we get back to the flying saucer clubs, et cetera?
What's in it for people who become avid fans of the UFO? The people who pro-
mote the reports, the people who constantly write you letters?

- 7 -


- page 15 -

