The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record card from the Air Force's historical UFO investigation program.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
12 May 60
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
2205
5. PHOTOS
[X] No
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2. LOCATION
San Gabriel, California
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
ONE
8. COURSE
9. CONCLUSIONS
[X] Was Self-Luminous
[] Possibly Balloon
[] Was Aircraft
[] Possibly Aircraft
[] Was Astronomical
[] Possibly Astronomical
[] Other:
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Saw a flying saucer coming toward him.
11. COMMENTS
The information submitted in this letter
was very limited. Additional information
that was promised the witness but was
never received.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

34. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds e. Don't remember
34.2 WIND (Circle One): a. No wind b. Slight breeze c. Strong wind d. Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One): a. Cold b. Cool c. Warm d. Hot e. Don't remember

35. WHEN DID YOU REPORT TO SOME OFFICIAL THAT YOU HAD SEEN THE OBJECT? April o my tola

36. WAS ANYONE ELSE WITH YOU AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
36.1 (Circle One) Yes No
36.1 IF YOU ANSWERED YES, DID THEY SEE THE OBJECT TOO? (Circle One) Yes No
36.2 PLEASE LIST THEIR NAMES AND ADDRESSES:

37. WAS THIS THE FIRST TIME THAT YOU HAD SEEN AN OBJECT OR OBJECTS LIKE THIS?
37.1 (Circle One) Yes No
37.1 IF YOUR ANSWER IS NO, THEN WHEN, WHERE, AND UNDER WHAT CIRCUMSTANCES DID YOU SEE OTHER ONES?
About 7:30 - 8:00pm the object was first observed hovering about 600-800 feet above the ground, then slowly drifting northward. It appeared to be round or oval in shape and illuminated, giving off a brilliant white-blue light. It seemed to be maneuvering rather than floating. At times it would dim and brighten alternately. I thought it might be a new type of aircraft, but its performance exceeded anything I had seen.

38. IN YOUR OPINION WHAT DO YOU THINK THE OBJECT WAS AND WHAT MIGHT HAVE CAUSED IT?
I think it was some kind of unconventional aircraft, possibly a new type of US military aircraft, or perhaps an experimental aircraft. Its performance and maneuverability exceeded anything I was familiar with at the time.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet containing summary data.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [redacted]
SIGNATURE: [redacted] 
DATE: July 20, 1960

I received a seargents rating in 1928 from the R. O. T. C. at Missouri University. In the Infantry. I hate communism, and please excuse the typing and secretarial errors. If you all want me to place an atomic bomb by dropping me and it on some future or distant battle field or enemy installation don't hesitate to call on me. I so often think of the Niemcienz line and everything was figured out on paper to be perfect but the Germans did great new fox holes for their front line seargents and corporals and we all know what happened.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a letter regarding an unidentified flying object sighting.

Text from the image:

This is to acknowledge your recent letter regarding the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

Your letter contains insufficient information for a valid report. Therefore, I request that you complete the attached Air Force Questionnaire in regard to the sighting and forward the completed paper to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Col., USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

01-34 comeback
0-1 reader

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AFCH-J-52
UFO Letters

SADOR-34 (R/CD TEEXER)

It is suggested that standard UFO questionnaires be forwarded to each of the following individuals:

San Gabriel, Calif.
Naples, N. Y.
St Louis 8, Mo.

FOR THE COMMANDSE:

NICHOLAS POST
ACTING DIRECTOR
Science and Components

3 Atcha
1. Cy 15 May 60.
2. Cy ltr 27 May 60.
3. Cy ltr 11 May 60.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a UFO analysis sheet from Project Blue Book, dated May 12, 1960, for an incident that occurred in San Gabriel, California.

The text in the document is as follows:

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET
DATE 12 MAY 1960
LOCATION SAN GABRIEL, CALIF. 
DATE TIME GROUP 12 MAY 2040 GMT 13.0340
PHOTO YES NO 
SOURCE MILITARY CIVILIAN
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 
SATELLITE: IN ORBIT: VERIFY YES: NO: DECAY:
ASTRONOMICAL PHENOMENA
METEOR
STAR OR PLANET
AIRCRAFT
BALLOON
INSUFFICIENT DATA
OTHER
REFLECTION INVERSION PRESENT PHOTO ANALYSIS
SUN DOG LENTICULAR CLOUD PHYSICAL SPECIMEN ANALYSIS
BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: THE INFORMATION SUBMITTED ON THIS CASE WAS REQUESTED FROM THE WITNESS BUT WAS NEVER RECEIVED.

EVALUATION: CASE CATEGORY: INSUFFICIENT INFORMATION
CONCLUSION:

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

INTELLIGENCE
Pentagon
Washington D. C.

Dear Capitalistic Friends,

While waiting to go to church (Now 9.40AM Sunday morning Standard Mountain Time) I read "The Family Fallout Shelter" SP-115. My fellow chemists and others professional bourgeoisie "poh pushed" my efforts to prepare for and defend ourselves for an all out Atomic War, ever since Hiroshima.  

The Powers case is your "baby".

On May 12 at 8.40 PM Standard Mountain Time I was sitting on the north ledge of the East entrance of the main building at Mark Keppel High School in the Alhambra School District of California. From what I told on military observation of plane movements I estimate I saw a flying saucer traveling toward me and somewhat east. If interested I can take one of your military men and show the approximate movement between a tree and a light pole about a block away. As I first saw it in my binoculars I thought it might be a light reflection. But I took another look and it looked like a morning star (reddish like mars) except it had somewhat of a crossextension something like a spine on a eschinodermat. I waited for it to pass by in my line of vision past the cross arm of the light pole. It disappeared. A star was visible in that same area that remained about the same, but no visible movement.

I have told now one about it. I was alone and I don't usually take a breather on the East side of the Night School only on the North. And I'm not making my carbon copy.

Yours for Truth.
San Gabriel, Ca

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old report or document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation of UFO sightings.

P. S. You can see why now I'm not mailing "Lady's Chatterington Lover" to Pasadena L.A.? But I don't know how many facets are "taking over"the government but I know where I stand in "The Faith of Our Fathers."

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document containing handwritten text.

Aircraft Information
U.S. Air Force
Defense Department
Pentagon
Washington D.C.

Dear Friends, 

I've misplaced my first letter to you about the light I saw floating over a year ago at Mark Keppel High School at night. And I was surprised that you even wanted any additional information from me.

I've also misplaced or lost page 1 and 2 of your forms, but like Xerxes of old who couldn't sleep when he caused the Book of the Kings of Assyeria to be read to him and found out about Mordecai saving his life, I as a master sergeant for God should, since a law abiding citizen, mail you the forms I completed months ago, and at that time I had the first two pages too.

If you'll give me a copy of my letter relating to this and the first forms with the others I can mail them back with any information I have stored in the SECRET part of my brain. But I really doubt if that is really important as now-a-days we are getting away from back seargents.

I'll really believe in our form of D_emocracy when all rated R.O.T.C. seargents are retired on a pension like Eisenhouses and one stenographers instead of $83.00 monthly Social Security check which they won't even pay unless we volunteer to be executed like the Two Veterans killed years ago in a Gulfport hospital.

Without Military training I would'n't have been in my own church, which church I now request to admit qualified Colored Persons on one Summer Sunday in 1953. I disturbed no one but a Mississippi Poll-Tax citizen who "so efficiently" deprived me of a lawyer.

- page 9 -

The image contains a handwritten sketch or diagram, but no photograph. The text in the document is as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound
Color: Like an evening star. It was a light grayish color but moving like an air born object. It moved very fast for an object that size. 
17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object they saw such as wings, propulsion, etc., and show by an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The edges of the object were:
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Only one.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OUR INVESTIGATION OF PAGE 11 OF THE DOCUMENT:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
The witness has drawn a rough sketch depicting the path of the observed object, with an "A" at the beginning and a "B" at the end.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
The witness estimates the size as "circular about 17 and 22 feet".

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand? (Circle One):
a. Head of a pin  b. Pea  c. Dime  d. Nickel  e. Quarter  f. Half dollar  g. Silver dollar
The witness circled "g. Silver dollar" to indicate the relative size of the observed object.

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Very certain  b. Fairly certain  c. Not very sure  d. Uncertain
The witness circled "d. Uncertain" to indicate the level of certainty about the size estimate.

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
The witness describes the object disappearing from view gradually, writing "gradually went out of sight".

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe to your own satisfaction the object which you saw. Give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
The witness provides a detailed description, stating that the object was "round and glowing" with "no obvious openings or projections", and that it would be made of "some kind of transparent glass-like material" about 17-22 feet in diameter.

TRANSCRIPTION OF TEXT IN THE DOCUMENT:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
motion close to 17
-range: 3

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
circular about 17 and 22 feet

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand? (Circle One):
a. Head of a pin  b. Pea  c. Dime  d. Nickel  e. Quarter  f. Half dollar  g. Silver dollar  h. Basketball i. Grapefruit j. Beachball  k. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Very certain  b. Fairly certain  c. Not very sure  d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
gradually went out of sight

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe to your own satisfaction the object which you saw. Give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
It was round and glowing, no obvious openings or projections. I would construct it of some kind of transparent glass-like material, about 17-22 feet in diameter.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions and fields for the observer to fill out.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Page 3

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. In an open field
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open countryside?
d. Flying over a city?
e. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Get account of my night activity. Then an object approximately the size of a small aircraft flew over San Gabriel.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One) 
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was 
from true North, and also the number of degrees it was elevated (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: _ /_ _ degrees.
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon __/6_ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ______ degrees.
b. From horizon ___/_2 degrees.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather contains two sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line representing the horizon, and instructions for the viewer to imagine that a high object was above the horizon when they first saw it, and to place a marker at two points on the curved line to indicate where the object was. The second sketch shows a larger view of a landscape, with a person standing in the foreground, and a smaller inset sketch showing a curved horizon with a person standing in the distance.

The text found in the document is as follows:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image shows a questionnaire or form with various questions related to a UFO sighting.

OCR output:
39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES,then what speed could you estimate?________mph.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _________feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name   First Name   Middle Name
ADDRESS Street  San Gabriel (none) City Calif.
TELEPHONE NUMBER
WHO REPORTED IT: Maintenance man for Laundrymat at 1256 S. Glendale
Age:52 Sex Married Male
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had: a. Grade school b. High school  c. College d. Post graduate University of Missouri 1950 Electricity and Accountancy.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: July 10 1960 Day Month Year

- page 14 -

