No Case (Information Only)

17 September 1960
New Berlin, Wisconsin


- page 1 -

There is very little text visible on this page. The only text I can see is a small oval or elliptical shape near the top left of the page, but the text within it is not legible from this image.


- page 2 -

BOLIDE OF 1960 SEPTEMBER 20
AMES, NO. 2573
P. R. BROWN and C. A. CHAVES

A relatively brilliant fireball passed over Oregon on this date at 0140 PDT. Our regional director, F. W. Peterson of Portland, made a long-distance telephone call to the press to obtain information and was told by a reporter that the fireball was seen from Eugene to Coos Bay, and I saw it from Corvallis. Two word the observer - "The ball seemed to be traveling at terrific speed and left a long luminous train behind it." The train therefore (as I) is 17 miles or more long. The fireball was so bright it is impossible to estimate the brightness and have been length of path.

even, the train was certainly over 200 miles long. The fireball was first seen at 10 km east of Payette, Idaho, just across from the Oregon boundary. From velocity, its position is 44° 10' 30" west 116° 30' 30". The fireball was seen and heard in the Coos Bay area. The height at the end of its path, velocity, and bearing by Oregon greatly and in the opinion of the witnesses, would be calling of the dark is visually due to his efforts. It is most apparent that a better solution could not be derived, one or two good reports from Idaho would have prevented this.


- page 3 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   21 September 1960
                                                                       Kingston, Massachusetts

On this same date, in Kingston, Massachusetts, a swiftly-maneuvering UFO was sighted, and shortly afterward witnesses saw several aircraft move in, patrolling the area.


- page 4 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   21 September 1960
                                                                       Edmonton, Alberta, Canada

On September 21 at Edmonton, Alberta, Canada three witnesses watched a silvery disc-shaped UFO maneuver over the area. One witness stated: "The weird thing was that we could see red and blue flames coming from it now and then."


- page 5 -

24 - 30 SEPTEMBER 1960 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                   OBSERVER           EVALUATION

24      Thule AB, Greenland        Military           Astro (METEOR)
24      Point Arena, California    Military           Astro (METEOR)
24      Westerfield, England       Military           Insufficient Data
24      Greenham Common, England   Military           Inadequate
24      Coos Bay, Oregon           Military           Other (PARACHUTE)
24      Denver, Colorado           Military           Aircraft
24      Columbus, Ohio             Military           Astro (METEOR)
25      Windsor, Canada            Military           Astro (METEOR)
25      S of Midway Island         Military Air       Astro (METEOR)
26      NE Bermuda                 Military Air       Astro (ARCTURUS)
26      Camp Irwin, California     Multi              Astro (METEOR)
26      Jean, Nevada               Military           Other (MISSILE)
26      Italy                      Military           Astro (METEOR)
26      Dhahran, Saudi Arabia      USAF Observer      Other (HOAX)
26      Silver Lake, Michigan      Multi              Astro (METEOR)
27      New Mexico Area            Multi              Aircraft
27      Janesville, Wisconsin      Multi              Astro (METEOR)
27      Aurora, Colorado           Multi              Aircraft
28      Kirksville AFS, Missouri   Military (RADAR)   Insufficient Data
28      Smith Hills, Texas         Multi              Other (METEOR)
28      Roswell, New Mexico        Multi              Astro (METEOR)
28      Alamosa, Colorado          Multi              Aircraft
28      Urbana, Illinois           Multi              Astro (METEOR)
28      Grand Junction, Colorado   Multi              Other (INVASION)
28-29   23.22N 125W (Pacific)      Multi              Aircraft
29      Colima                     Multi              Astro (METEOR)
29-9 Oct Doylestown, Georgia       Multi              Astro (METEOR)
29      Hole City, Texas           Multi              Astro (PARACHUTES)
29      Guam                       Military RADAR     Insufficient Data
                                   Visual             1. Other (ANOMALOUS PROP)
                                                      2. Aircraft
                                                      Insufficient Data
30      Portland, Oregon           Multi/Military     Astro (VELA)
30      Boulder, Colorado          Multi              Astro (VENUS)
30      Kansas City, Missouri      Multi              Astro (PARACHUTES)
30-31 Oct Melrose, New Mexico      Multi              Astro (PARACHUTES)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                   SOURCE             EVALUATION

25      Las Cruces, New Mexico     Newscclipping      -
         & Texas Area
25      New Zealand, Venezuela     Newscclipping      -


- page 6 -

RECEIVED
20 SEP 60 15 29
ATIC

[The rest of the text is mostly illegible due to poor image quality and scanning resolution. Only fragments of text can be discerned, but not enough to confidently reproduce a complete sentence.]


- page 7 -

RECEIVED
26 Sep 50 15 29
ATIC

[The rest of the text is mostly illegible due to poor image quality and faded text. Some words and fragments can be partially made out, but not enough to confidently transcribe a complete coherent text.]


- page 8 -

PAGE TWO SECTION 30

LOCATION OF WILLIAMS REPORT VIA (1) GENERALLY GOOD (2) CLEAR AND
BRIGHT (3) SURFACE WINDS (2) LIMITING (4) UNLIMITED (5) NONE (6) MORE
SUBJECT VIA MORE + DISTANT + NEGATIVE + DISTANT + MORE NOTED
CLEARLY + LESS THOMAS P MARIN AREA MOORE DRIVER DETAIL CELL
NEG INFO OBTAINED VIA OBS AND PHONE CONVERSATION + CLEARLY IT DOES

26//1302Z


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

At 2:15 p.m. Eastern standard time on September 17, 1960, Edgar Everhart, Mansfield Center, Connecticut, photographed the rare anthelion or antisun (H in the diagram opposite). It occurred on the bright porhelie circle, and though it was an oblique view, some of the antisun's characteristics were quite apparent. An angle of 120 degrees below the anthelion was what appeared to be another arc of the photograph with this article are reproduced from Kodachrome originals.

The Solar Halo Complex of September 17, 1960
EDGAR EVERHART, University of Connecticut

LAST September 17th the sky over eastern New England and Long Island was unusually interesting. Sundogs, parhelia, crosses, and arcs, some white and others brightly colored. These beautiful halo phenomena were caused by sunlight reflected and refracted by ice crystals high in the air.

One of the most spectacular halo displays recorded in this country were seen on January 10, 1918, in Boulder, Colorado, and on February 9, 1918, in Huron, South Dakota. Descriptions of them can be found in W. J. Humphreys' "Physics of the Air" (1929). Last September's event was at a less comparable to these famous cases, though all three differed from each other.

The commonest feature of halo displays...

[The rest of the text on the right side of the page is partially cut off or illegible]


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

experiment has five detectors: 1. A 7-30-
micron sensor to measure the infrared
radiation of the earth and its atmo-
sphere; 2. A more sensitive 12-micron
8-12 micron unit for a "window" where
the clouds, atmosphere is transparent.
This device will give temperatures of
cloud tops or of the earth's surface, de-
pending on local weather conditions. 3.
A monitor for a narrow band near 6.3
microns, where water vapor radiates
energy.

The satellite has two sensors: one spec-
trum from the ultraviolet to the near in-
frared; 0.2 to five microns, to measure
the earth's albedo. 5. A photocell semi-
conductor sensor provides a range of 0.5
0.7 micron provides data to correlate the
other four sensors reading with the rele-
vant pictures. This is needed because
the camera are not parallel to the spin
axis of the satellite. The sensors are lo-
cated 15 degrees to the axis, so the
rotation will cause them to sweep strips
of the earth below them.

The second radiation experiment has
two sensors: one white, the other black.
These measure the heat balance of the
earth's area that is scanned by the wide-
angle camera. Surface observations from
ground stations are used to correlate this
with the pictures and other information
from the satellite.

An important new method of control-
ling the orientation of the spin axis is
being tested with Tiros II. Surrounding
the base is a coil of aluminum wire that
can be energized by ground command.
This making the satellite act as a magnet.
The magnetic field produced by this coil
will produce a torque causing the
body to precess. In addition, there are
five pairs of small spin rockets. On the
third day in orbit, two sets were fired
to increase the spin rate of Tiros II.

DIAMETER OF VENUS

The precise size of the planet Venus
has long been somewhat uncertain. For
many years the best measurements of
micrometers are subject to many kinds of
systematic error. Moreover, all direct
observations of the planet's disk are lim-
ited to the small surface of the planet, but
to the best of our knowledge, the new
photographic and photoelectric observa-
tions to the same surface of the planet,
by the British journal Nature, July 7,
1959 (see page 483 of SKY AND
TELESCOPE for July, 1959, and page 506,
September, 1959).

The data from two dozen observatories
in the United States, Canada, and Great
Britain, including the Lowell Observa-
tories Vancouver and D. H. Menzel of
Harvard Observatory, who report their
results to the British journal Nature.

As the planet passed in front of the
sun, the latter disappeared and reap-
peared gradually — because of differential
refraction of its light by Venus' atmo-

sphere.

from about eight to 13.9 revolutions per
minute.

The chief ground stations maintaining
contact with this satellite are at Ft.
Monmouth, New Jersey, and San Nicolas
Island, California. Besides the three-way
transmitter, this Tiros has two 255-
megacycle units for the television cameras
and two low-power tracking beacons op-
erating at frequencies of 108.08 and
108.03 megacycles.

In addition to the payload and its final
stage, the satellite weighed about 270
±3 and ±1, as being followed by Space
Track. Possibly these are the weighted
cables used for reducing spin after orbit
was attained.

The inclination of the orbits of all
of these is about 48.6 degrees to the plane
of the earth's equator. They had initial
periods of revolution from node to node
of 98.19, 98.11, and 98.32 minutes, and
for 81, 82, 83, and 84, respectively. The
first of these, the Tiros II satellite pack-
age itself, had perigee and apogee heights
initially amounting to about 580 and 563
miles.

DISCOVERIES XVII

MAJOR IMPROVEMENTS in space
technology were noted for the first
time with the Discoverer XVII launching
from Vandenberg Air Force Base in Cali-
fornia on November 12, 1960, at 20:12:53
Universal time. This was called "the most
successful operation" in the Discoverer
series" by the U. S Air Force Ballistic
Missile Division, following the airplane
recovery of the re-entry capsule after more
than six days in orbit.

The orbiting vehicle was an enlarged,
improved rocket. The Agena B, 25 feet
long and weighing 15,500 pounds, is more
than six feet longer and 7,000 pounds
heavier than the Agena A. The most im-

portant advance was new engine
which permits doubling the burning time
in the earlier models; the thrust, now
about 16,000 pounds, is more than double
until combustion began, but in the new
design an initial squirt of volatile pro-
pellant from the combustion chamber
provides the needed pressure.

For approximately 160 seconds after
ignition, the engine burns a second start
in space when necessary.

Special attention was given to stabilizing
the Agena vehicle, with apparent suc-
cess. When the Discoverer XVII capsule
was released on the 31st revolution, it
descended in plain view of four C-119
planes, one of which snatched it in mid-
air. More elaborate equipment now per-
mits complete control over initiating the
Discoverer recovery sequence, instead of
relying on preset programs as previous
Discoverers had.

Discoverer XVII was launched after a very intense solar
flare had erupted, so the experimental
material in the 500-pound capsule was
subjected to some exceptionally heavy
radiation. Biological specimens included
a preparation of the human protein
gamma globulin, cultures of human tis-
sues, mold spores, and algae. A radiation
dosimeter and a pack of photographic
emulsions for recording nuclear particles
also were aboard.

The Agena continues to travel in an
orbit inclined 81.86 degrees to the earth's
equator. Known as 1960b, its initial
period was 90.5 minutes, with perigee
and apogee heights of 113 and 618 miles.

SPUTNIK VI

ANOTHER animal-carrying spaceship
was placed in orbit by the Soviet
Union, according to a Russian press report
published in Pravda on January 19, 1961
(or to the one successfully retrieved on
August 20, 1960 (see SKY AND TELESCOPE
for October, page 291, and November,
page 274).

Like Sputnik V, the vehicle carried two
dogs and other animals and plants. It
weighed 4,563 kilograms, a little more
than five tons. Its initial period was 88.6
minutes, with perigee at 207 and apogee
to the equator, according to Soviet sci-
entists.

Space Track figures give initial peri-
gee and apogee heights of only 110 and
160 miles, respectively, for Sputnik VI
(1960b) with similar values for its launch-
ing track (1960a).

Several hours after
Space Track announced that the former
Soviet satellite had been launched, it
was learned that an attempt had been made
to recover the cabin on December 2nd,
during its 18th revolution, but that it had
turned up on re-entry. The rocket also
entered the atmosphere either that day or
early on December 3rd.

MARSHALL ALLEN
Research Station for Satellite Observations
P.O. Box 1, Cambridge 38, Mass.

January, 1961, SKY AND TELESCOPE, 13


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

EAST                 HORIZON                 NORTH

ZENITH

SOUTH                                        HORIZON                 WEST

The author here identifies the features mentioned in this article, the sun being 14 degrees high, at 2:10 p.m. EST.

plays a ring of 22 degrees radius around the sun in green. This ring is colored red on the inside, changing to yellow and then white on the outer edge. It is caused by refraction of light through hexagonal needlelike ice crystals which sometimes occur in thin cirrus clouds. Associated phenomena, although less common, are sundogs and a parhelion of 22 degrees to the right and left of the sun, and several vertical arcs, but did not have these patterns, but did show several arcs.

At 2:00 p.m. Eastern standard time I was alerted to the halo complex by William and proceeded to photograph and sketch it. Kodachrome film was used with a Miranda camera having a wide-angle 1 megacycle lens of 35mm.

The exposures were 1/60 second, at f/11 toward the sun and at f/8 away from the sun to get more detail than noticed visually, and also show angular measurements to be made.

The most prominent feature was the ring around the sun, labeled A in my sketch. It was not circular, nor was the sun centered vertically within it. Its top was 22 degrees from the sun, the right and left sides were 22 degrees, and the bottom from inside out, its colors were red, yellow, and white. In the sketch, ring A is labeled as the "22 degree halo" from visual observations by Mr. Widmer, Felix Yokel, Daniel Richardson, Elizabeth Everhart and myself. The first two of these had watched the display for several hours, and reported that the ring was circular and best, becoming flattened as the day progressed.

The position of ring A was the sun, which is not mentioned in the display, since it is not customary to do so. (Halo of Light and Color, p. 196)

(1954). They refer to the circular halo formed by upper and lower tangent arcs to the 22 degree halo, and this has a horizontal extent varying with the altitude of the sun. But a circular vertical halo should pass 22 degrees above and below the sun, and this does not agree with the observations of ring A in the display. In the picture opposite, there is an indication that the 22 degree radius vertical halo, which the sky is brighter. This appears not several other measurements, and was also seen by Mr. Richardson, Marked R in the drawing, it is possibly a trace of the 22 degree halo.

The white parhelion circle, C, passed obliquely around the sky, extended completely. It is caused by refraction from the vertical focus of ice crystals. Rose D and E are scaled interference arcs to the halo of 16 degrees, caused by reflection from ice crystals with horizontal axes. They were brightly colored with red instead of the usual blue green and white in that order. Though the photographs halo itself was unique, the photographs were taken to show the colored arcs of it. F, was seen laterally (to the viewer's right by Mr. Yokel, John Landry, and G. Lauria.

Another photograph showed a bright region G. H, degrees from the sun, extending through the parhelion circle about 120 degrees from the sun. This was not seen as a colored and diffuse portion of 120 degrees, but was more vertical. The very rare subhexon or countercurve segment of H, opposite the sun as the spectators saw it, was centered on a vertical line. Arcs G, H, and I, were seen, although faintly. Oblique arc I and J, forming the upper side of the apparently arcs, were seen on either side of the zenith, nearly to ring N. Vertically, it did not seem that they would pass, if extended, through the sun, nor did they appear to A, triangularly about 20 degrees below the sunline.

Hallway to the horizon, was a white arc segment not extended horizontally downward to the northwest horizon, and appeared to be the horizon. I have not seen any printed reference to such a feature, which is not have been a halo.

At 2:30 p.m., the entire complex suddenly faded, and the sky quickly became covered with thin clouds.

ED. NOTE: Herbert A. Luft, Oakland Gardens, New York, also reported this display (see page 20).

Mr. Everhart's many photographs of the September 17th halo phenomenon included this display of the 22 degree and horizontal parhelion circles (upper left) with the 22 degree halo (above center), while the sun is tangent arc. The sun is out of the picture.

The side of the tangent arc nearest it was bright red, and looked like a red cloud that there was no blue, this color being replaced by white. The smallest distance from the arc to the sun was measured by the author as 15 degrees. This value agrees well with the 16 degrees expected.


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Findings
from Mercury's
Transit
JOSEPH ASHBROOK

Mercury appears as a small round dot near the top of the sun's disk, a half field west and exposure on Kodak Autographic film at 1:58hrs Universal Time during the great November aurora (see page 37).

TELESCOPES across half the world from the approximate formula on page 308 of the American Ephemeris for 1960, (in using those equations, the conversion from Ephemeris to Universal time has been taken as ~35 seconds). Lastly, for each observation, the difference between the observed and the computed times is given under the heading O - C.

A number of observations some of excellent quality have been selected too late for inclusion in this analysis. A few very obvious results may have been incorrectly transcribed.

All timings listed are believed to have been made with the aid of WWV or CHU radio time signals, or their equivalent.

The large table gives the observers' locations in order of longitude. Limitations prevent mailing of time plaques and questionnaires, even though they would yield additional information. Also, certain reports from geographically isolated areas could not be used.

For contact II, there are 50 observations. Few correspondents mention the dark ligament sometimes seen connecting Mercury to the sun's edge for a brief interval.

At Macalester College, St. Paul, Minnesota, students used the horizontal telescope arrangement shown on the front cover to obtain a large projected image of the sun, allowing astronomy instructor Sherman Schultz, Jr. to demonstrate the November transit to over 200 persons.


- page 13 -

No Case (Information Only)

17 September 1960
New Berlin, Wisconsin

[Note: The rest of the document appears to be redacted with multiple black horizontal lines covering most of the page's content.]


- page 14 -

