Here is the OCR text from the document:

5.

[The rest of the text is handwritten and partially illegible. While I can make out some words and phrases, the full text is difficult to transcribe with complete accuracy due to the handwriting style and image quality.]

The page appears to be a handwritten document with the number "5" at the top, and the text appears to be a narrative or report written in cursive script. Some words are clear, but many are challenging to read definitively.


- page 1 -

I apologize, but while the document is visible, much of the text is too faint or blurry to reliably transcribe with complete confidence. There appears to be handwritten text on the page, but the legibility is very poor. A large black horizontal line/mark obscures part of the text in the middle of the page. Without being able to definitively read the text, I cannot provide a full transcription.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Blank lines]

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ______° degrees.
b. From horizon ______° degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 45° degrees.
b. From horizon ______° degrees.

[Handwritten note on bottom right: "UP ALL NIGHT"]


- page 3 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes     No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?_______________________

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes     No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?___________________

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: 
Last Name                First Name                Middle Name

ADDRESS:                                 City                Zone            State

TELEPHONE NUMBER:_______________________

Age:_________   Sex:__________

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
                        Day             Month             Year


- page 4 -

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:   ACOIN-LL2X

SUBJECT:   UFO Sightings (...)

TO:        SAFOI-3A (L/Col Tasker)

1. Reference the attached letters from (...) dated 25 Oct, 26 Oct, 1 Nov, 3 Nov and 11 Nov 1966. The letters were all addressed to Civil Defense headquarters.

2. In the referenced letters, (...) claims to have sighted unusual objects on a great number of occasions between sunset and midnight. The objects were reported to have been a number of people and (...) states that the appearances were unusual and the motions erratic. The objects were reported to have appeared in the east and north.

3. Telephone contact with (...) 10 November 1966 did not aid to the data concern. With (...) the witness could not or wouldn't contribute anything specific, but answered all questions with such non-specific adjectives as "large" and "high" and described the colors of the objects.

4. (...) contributed the fact that (...) on 7 November to observe an UFO. Telephone contact was made with (...) and is contributed the following facts: (...) visited the home of (...) on 7 November 1966, at approximately 2330 hours, and at that time observed through his 3" telescope (50 power) an unidentified object. The object was generally north of the observer's position and at approximately 30° elevation. The object was described as being brighter than a planet and displaying to some extent spectrum like colors. (...) estimated the object to be brighter than the planet Venus. (...) maintained fairly consistent but the witness reported that the elevation probably increased slightly. (...) stated he did not believe the object to be a satellite or aircraft.

5. Telephone contact was made with the Erie Urange Depot to determine if any testing by them could be responsible. Firings at the depot have been conducted only between the hours of 0700 and 1500 during work days. (...) sightings always occurred between sunset and midnight.

6. It seems strange that (...) is the only person reporting objects from the area. If indeed, there were objects then such as the reported.


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

The object viewed by [REDACTED] could possibly have been a mirage of some common object. When talking with [REDACTED] with possibility was pointed out to him and he accepted it as a possibility.

7. It has been impossible to obtain the weather data for the area and to determine if it being in transit to the storage depot in North Carolina. Absence of the weather data makes it impossible to determine if weather was a factor. In the future, this briefing will be given further consideration after the weather data has been obtained.

8. In view of the limited data, it is impossible to state definitely the cause of the sightings by [REDACTED]. The basis of this, distance, both from Air Force and the local letters, indicate, in this the very high stratus. It is quite possible that this witness has been observing common objects under unusual conditions, and due to her disconnected conditions, has had insufficient data upon which to reach a conclusion in her viewing the object as a possible threat.

9. ATIC does not consider this case closed, and if subsequent data reveal the probable cause your office will be immediately notified.

[Signature of Colonel]
[Name REDACTED]
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

5 Atch
1. Ltr 25 Oct 66, Fr Mcs
2. Ltr 25 Oct 66, Fr Mcs
3. Ltr 1 Nov 66, Fr Mcs
4. Ltr 3 Nov 66, Fr Mcs
5. Ltr 11 Nov 66, Fr Mcs


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Letterhead]                                                                25 NOV 1960

Subject: (Visual Sancer)

1. Reference the national letter from [redacted] dated [redacted] was received all addressed to Civil Defense Headquarters.

2. In the referenced letter, [redacted] claims to have sighted unusual objects on a great number of occasions between sunset and midnight. The objects were reported to have been seen by a number of persons and were sometimes stationary and sometimes moving erratically. The objects were reported to have appeared in the east and north.

3. Telephone contact with [redacted] on 10 November 1960 did not add to his data concerned with the sightings. His witness couldn't or wouldn't remember anything specific, but answered all questions with such non-specific adjectives as "large" and "big" and described the motions of the object as "glides".

4. [Redacted] did contribute the fact that he was at home on 7 November to observe on Ohio had been to his home that evening. He made some additional comments. At approximately 2,600 hours, and at [redacted] through the area of [redacted] (no power) an unidentified object. The object was generally north of the observer's position and at approximately 300 elevation. The object was described as being bright, similar in color and displaying no some reddish-like colors. He believed the object to be brighter than the planet Venus. He stated the object remained fairly consistent. He was unable to elaborate, probably because scientifically. [Redacted] related he did not believe the object to be an aircraft of any type.

5. Telephone contact was made with the Erie ordinance depot to determine if any tracking by them could be reported. The depot stated no unusual sightings always occurred between sunset and midnight.

6. It seems strange that [redacted] is the only person reporting objects from the area. To date, there were no objects such as described.


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

the object viewed b. [redacted] and [redacted] could possibly have
been a mirage of some known object. When talking with [redacted], it
was pointed out to him that he accepted to a high
possibility.

7. It had been impossible to obtain the weather data for the area
due to the being in transit to the storage depot in North Carolina.
Absence of the weather data makes it impossible to determine if
mirage was a factor in the sighting. However, this sighting will
be given further consideration after the weather data has been
obtained.

8. In view of the limited data, it is impossible to state definitely
the cause of the sighting by [redacted]. Due to this sighting, both
first and low-level and the photographic analysis, additional data is
very vital strong. It is quite possible that this witness has been
observing common objects under unusual conditions, and to her dis-
traction, could be less significant than it would appear. She will
resulted in her viewing the object as a possible target.

9. This case not consider this case closed, and if subsequent data
reveals the probable cause your office will be immediately notified.

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

5 Incl
1. Ltr 25 Oct 56, Jr
2. Ltr 25 Oct 56, Jr
3. Ltr 1 Nov 56, Jr
4. Ltr 3 Nov 56, Jr
5. Ltr 11 Nov 56, Jr

2


- page 8 -

Dear Sirs,

The writing is somewhat faint and parts of the text are difficult to read. Some words and phrases are legible, but there are sections where the text is not clear enough to confidently transcribe. The document appears to be a handwritten letter or report, but due to the low contrast and faintness of the writing, a complete and accurate OCR transcription is not possible without potential errors.

The text seems to be written in cursive script on what looks like an aged white or off-white paper, but the specific content remains largely illegible.


- page 9 -

The text on this page is very faint and partially illegible. While I can see that there is handwritten text on the page, the image quality makes it difficult to confidently transcribe most of the text. Some words and phrases are partially visible, but a complete and accurate transcription is not possible with this image quality.


- page 10 -

The text on this page is handwritten and somewhat difficult to read clearly. While I can see that there is continuous handwritten text across the page, the resolution and contrast make it challenging to perform a complete and accurate OCR. Some words and phrases are discernible, but a full transcription would require a higher quality image. The bottom right of the page has a black redaction or blacked-out section.


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the UFO Analysis Sheet:

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET

DATE 23 OCT 1960     LOCATION Ft. Seneca, Ohio
DATE TIME GROUP LOCAL 2230-2030     GMT 05/2330 - 06/0230
PHOTO YES     NO X     PHYSICAL SPECIMEN YES     NO X
SOURCE MILITARY     CIVILIAN X     TYPE OF OBSERVATION Visual
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION Approx 2 hrs     NUMBER OF OBJECTS Several Course None
SATELLITE:     IN ORBIT:     VERIFY YES:     NO:     DECAY:
ASTRONOMICAL PHENOMENA
METEOR
STAR OR PLANET Possibly meteors or stars and planets
OTHER
AIRCRAFT
BALLOON
INSUFFICIENT DATA
OTHER Possible meteors or light sources on the ground
REFLECTION     INVERSION PRESENT     PHOTO ANALYSIS
SUN DOG     LENTICULAR CLOUD     PHYSICAL SPECIMEN ANALYSIS

BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
The witness reported sighting several objects on a clear number of occasions between sunset and mid night. The objects were described to move erratically and maneuvered in various patterns. The objects were described as being brighter than stars and planets and to display colors that appeared to scintillating.

EVALUATION: CASE CATEGORY: Probable & Possible
CONCLUSION: The witness in this case was more than specific, using some non-specific however positive statements as size, fast, large etc. Observation which is included on the report can be considered mirages as a cause. The observer did not know the exact about some sources responsible to such incidents.


- page 12 -

The image appears to be a blank or nearly blank white page with some very faint specks or marks. No legible text is visible on this page.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

6:25 PM - sun at SE - the type had peg w/peg at
6:30 PM - no ft - located here and at far side from center
7:03 PM - had form n. where can't see at head y-
7:10 PM - yellow from east to thing west
7:16 PM - yellow hacked west from east - cloud
7:30 PM - slow, just out for just at

Note: Some words are partially illegible or difficult to read with complete certainty, so the transcription reflects the best possible interpretation of the text.


- page 14 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Carol Bylsma Hylton
Stone Creek, Mich.

Dear Sue:

Some thing I didn't expect to get a suppose story that wasn't quite what I needed the date that I felt was a note of just what I might be able to call a letter at Heidleberg. College. Unable to call to me as well I might be called it. Remember

[The rest of the text is partially obscured by black redaction marks, making some words illegible. The date at the top right appears to be Nov. 6, 1960.]


- page 15 -

The page contains handwritten text, and the page number "2" is visible at the top of the document. However, due to the handwritten nature and varying legibility of the text, I cannot confidently transcribe the entire contents. Some words and phrases are clear, but many are difficult to read with certainty. A black object or mark appears to be present on the right side of the page.


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

3.

[The rest of the text is partially legible, with some words and phrases discernible but many parts are difficult to read clearly due to the image quality. The page appears to be a handwritten document, numbered "3" at the top, with multiple paragraphs of text. There are also two black redaction marks on the page.]

Some words and phrases that can be made out include:
- "...watching..."
- "...time..."
- "Oct. 31"
- "...house..."

However, due to the handwritten nature and image quality, a complete and accurate transcription is not possible without potential errors.


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Note: The text is handwritten and some parts are difficult to read clearly. I will transcribe what I can make out, with [illegible] where the text is not clear.]

[first few lines are partially illegible]

... they looked out ... and they
... were but could see ... fighting ... and
... and everything was ... could be ... at
... of the scene ... out at open

... could not ... way ... the
... although ... engaged ... not
... almost ... side ... of ... near
... always ... could ... and ... to
... even ... destroying ... to tell
... might ... cannot ... of ... show ... not
... a strong ... we ... see ... of ... by way
... object ... every ... to ... by way
... about ... I cannot ... seems ... my
... and ... was ... and ... one ... came
... like ... on ... and ... close a ... not

... were ... clearly ... to ... together
... approached ... be ... standing ... the
... at ... and ... just ... the
... that ... close to ... watched ... put ... men
... on ... and ... of ... found ... can ... can
... to ... about ... almost ... am ... to ... more

[The text is handwritten and portions are quite difficult to read with full certainty]


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

5.

[The rest of the text is handwritten and partially illegible due to the image quality. While I can make out some words and phrases, a complete and fully accurate transcription would require a clearer image.]

The page appears to be a handwritten document, numbered "5" at the top, with dense cursive writing covering most of the page. Some words are discernible, but a complete verbatim transcription is not possible without a higher resolution scan.


- page 19 -

The image shows a handwritten document, page 6 of what appears to be a report. The text is partially legible, with some words and phrases clearly visible, while others are difficult to make out due to the image quality and handwriting. There is a black redaction or mark obscuring part of the text near the top of the page. The text appears to be a continuous narrative or report, written in cursive script on a white page.


- page 20 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

7

I am sorry I couldn't type this my daughter in college was typing. Believe me I do know about the most people. But am writing in a hurry just to help you into something. I can't help to you exactly. I & came this close to share your concern. Would have or have you seen other who have also a know in any other way. I reported it. I told about the way I am not simply up the incident. I have wanted to share a moment that I don't want to see run out. Might be unsurprisingly objects may might be unfriendly objects. They are also pretty. I am sure part of incident they don't look that far away. I


- page 21 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Z.

Can dear gets from all directions where you can't see plane and you know the time they came behind in the sky of how we a regular anyplace were on sight Certainly, going now to S.E. and from than west to be wide on north we he going west - when side of house going but behind the other route. Stalled. Let lined east west mile stopped. What you me is the way the only thing act when we are place it in area of life - in the our case in the birds. You don't see time from 6:3 p.m. or nearly, am quite from 6:3 p.m. or nearly and that all or none of your business I'll flow may going where it could down.

Sincerely yours
M...

P.S. Won't you please be using to address it can't communicate with than I call on 4 B.T.

Note: Some words are difficult to read with complete certainty, so the transcription may have some minor inaccuracies.


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

[Paragraph 1 is mostly redacted, but begins with "Reference the attached letter from..." and mentions dates in 1960]

2. In the referenced letter, we claim to have sighted visual objects on a great number of occasions between sunset and sunrise. In subjective terms, a number of people and [redacted] state that the appearances were national and the sighting arrived in the east end north.

3. Telephone contact with the [redacted] on 10 November 1960 did not add to the data concerned with the sighting. The witness couldn't or wouldn't contribute anything specific, but answered all questions in the most one-specific adjectives as "maybe" and "big" and described the object as "dark".

4. [Redacted] did contribute the fact that he [redacted] of Seneca, Ohio had been to help home on 7 November. Telephone contact was made with [redacted] who was interviewed following notes: [partially redacted text follows]

[The rest of the document contains similar partially redacted paragraphs discussing observations, sightings, and telephone contacts, with paragraph numbers 5 and 6 visible]

The document is marked as an "OFFICIAL FILE COPY" and appears to be a report about a UFO sighting.


- page 23 -

Office of Naval Intelligence
Washington 25, D.C.

Nov. 3, 1960

Near Sirs:
Enclosed will find a letter sent by me to North Central, Mich. Attached is a copy of this letter, which explains my first letter, which apparently was not clear enough.

I am sure that after reading this letter you will understand my position. After deciding that there was a magnetic stick, those decided at the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Lab that I could be of further use in gathering more information. I have no imagination to see what might come of this, but I think there is a probable explanation to all this.

I am sending distance with the story and being quite frank with the method I have used to come to these conclusions. I have tried to show clearly...

[Note: The last paragraph is partially cut off and some words are difficult to read with complete certainty]


- page 24 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[The text is partially legible, with some words and phrases clear, but many words are difficult to make out completely. I'll transcribe what I can confidently read:]

... some people are ... the time ... if anybody ... to write ... City was to ... personally ... enough to see ... set partly ... another reason you ... against ... and that it is part ... quite ... some ... I have ... explanation ... sure ... have to find a way to ... so I won't ... time to ...

[Note: There are significant portions of text that are difficult to read with full confidence. The text appears to be a handwritten document with some words obscured or blurred.]

The bottom of the page has a large black redaction/censorship mark.


- page 25 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

1916
I was home and moved in Seneca County, Penn
my husband alone, am not a check-out and met
enough to be settled or check married 27 yrs
time during then 25 and 13

[Large section of text is obscured by black redaction marks]

...for 21 yrs just though my life and we are just
talking about my life and I want and I want
on, citizens of the average type and I want
in United States to stay as it is - safe and
sound for our future generation.

Note: Some words are partially illegible or obscured by black marks, so the transcription may not be 100% accurate.


- page 26 -

Hqtrs. of the Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

To ATK

I have been requesting additional information which I have
specifically writing to you from (date line 10)

I call again to be from Wright Patterson AFB in the
office, Base HQ Range. This is to again come to the
closing. This except comes from the first letter
from again. While said it was my intention to
be of help. The only came from a way, other than
some, at ago we can, collection and electronic. With
was not much a county bill there, as a have
way of knowing the scene in the closing, technical
a scientific would figure the closing of the base only was
this time ago of a given of your base only was of the
total was how much would be the scene of the
point will then the scene, that would be the
of the scene would be the detail and intelligence
that would show how the scene would be the detail as to

[Note: There are two black redaction lines in the document, and some text appears partially illegible or cut off.]


- page 27 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

+ right - land with barn nearby - after the
from Dayton and here than he long old plantation the
wind with the time close clipped the smooth within
and also with his telescope. It was not a direct
in fact settled that around the line it was
the Jolco Balloon after I heard the new of the
when I first sighted it. I came left with the
idea that it was a magnetic stone clean later
the Jolco Balloon near some again. Coming to
a radar station - some magnitude! It is
fascinating to watch - just found the above, -
like these we in signal it was this: it
sighted this object on range. and it was the only
one - but then watched 4 of them. we then
can perhaps tell at the same time. but they are
in different locations, sometimes not quite
a normal star should, then suddenly what then
they are other, they are well over
lighted. their constellations do you
can watch a whole constellation. we and the way
was supporting and the whole thing was probably
in further north and from here it was to
the north west.


- page 28 -

I apologize, but while the document is visible, much of the text is too faint or blurry to reliably transcribe with complete confidence. There appears to be handwritten text on the page, but the legibility is very poor. A large black horizontal line/mark obscures part of the text in the middle of the page. Without being able to definitively read the text, I cannot provide a full transcription.


- page 29 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

but he came from. I first got an idea then
was at Ft. Seneca and was told that something
vicinity. On my return I had been that something
missing at 171 Seneca also was not
was in the topography, as we were working
first in the spring of '51. It was not damage
the boundary line in the east was not constitute
was not just what I was. Like what could make
was planning down back on the west side where
I don't know what they would call in the 81 feet
or able. I was kind of own army and came prepared
it has. So may of them have not yet come from
But wonder if they have come from
will ask this - most of 36 has come from
the direction of the woods - might just happen
that way. might not have the intention
to investigate.

was here now. among these objects,
have been making in a plaid blanket he
not might from the first of it, government
nothing to be admitted about, and he was not
unknown from our 4 to 6 days. it was my number
not deep, my experience out this job and they found
me. hope they don't mind if I might be interested you.

[Note: There is a black redaction/blacked out section at the bottom right of the page]


- page 30 -

The object viewed by [redacted] and [redacted] possibly was a satellite wave. [rest of first paragraph is mostly illegible due to redactions]

7. It has been impossible to obtain the weather data for the area due to lighting in transit to the storage input in North Carolina. [rest of paragraph partially obscured]

8. In view of the limited data, [redacted] expedition was quite critically from her letters and the telephone. The site of these towers, both very high structures. It is quite possible that this site, has been under unusual weather conditions, but her unclassified conditions let her highlight some of the possible reasons in her views, the object as a possible chance.

9. ATIC does not consider this case closed, and if subsequent data reveals the possible cause for sightings will be accordingly notified.

[Signature section]
Philip McGuire, Jr. 11 Nov 60
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

[Attachments section with some redacted entries]

COORDINATION:
[Two lines of coordination with dates, partially handwritten]

Page number "2" is visible at the bottom of the document.


- page 31 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
25 Oct 60
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day:
(Circle One)   A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern
            b. Central
            c. Mountain
            d. Pacific
            e. Other

(Circle One) a. Daylight Saving
            b. Standard

4. Where did you see the object?
[Partially obscured/blacked out]
City or Town                State or Country

Additional remarks:

5. How long was object in sight?
Hours    Minutes    Seconds
Long Time

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright            a. Bright
b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you    d. To your left
            b. In back of you     e. Overhead
            c. To your right      f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 this form supersedes ATIC 164, 15 Oct 54.


- page 32 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One)                 8.2 MOON (Circle One)
    a. None                                 a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                                b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                                 c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
    d. Don't remember                        d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
    (Circle One)   a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star?
    YES

11. Did the object:                         (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?        Yes    No    Don't Know
    b. Suddenly speed up or cut away at any time?   Yes    No    Don't Know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?             Yes    No    Don't Know
    d. Give off smoke?                             Yes    No    Don't Know
    e. Change brightness?                          Yes    No    Don't Know
    f. Change shape?                               Yes    No    Don't Know
    g. Flash or flicker?                           Yes    No    Don't Know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                     Yes    No    Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One)   Yes    No    Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
    It moved behind: ______

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One)   Yes    No    Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
    In front of:   Sn.ced

14. Did the object appear:   (Circle One)   a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses                Yes    No
    b. Sun glasses               Yes    No
    c. Windshield                Yes    No
    d. Window glass              Yes    No

    e. Binoculars                Yes    No
    f. Telescope                 Yes    No
    g. Theodolite                Yes    No
    h. Other


- page 33 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: None
    b. Color: Red - Yellow - Orange

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside this drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

    Like A Light -

18. The shape of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                b. Like a bright star
                c. Sharply outlined
                d. Don't remember

19. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE OBJECT, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

    More Than One Object.


- page 34 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

EAST OR WEST -

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
SIX INCHES AT THREE DISTANCES.

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

MUCH LARGER

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
LIKE A LIGHT GOING OUT.

24. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Question 24 is left blank]


- page 35 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Blank lines]

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ______° degrees.
b. From horizon ______° degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 45° degrees.
b. From horizon ______° degrees.

[Handwritten note on bottom right: "UP ALL NIGHT"]


- page 36 -

