PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
27 February, 1960

2. LOCATION
Rome, New York

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual   ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual     ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3-4 Minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
West

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Round object size of large bean of spin at center. Large mass of white color. Elevation 20 deg azimuth at 170 deg. Moved to 150 deg at disappearance. Bright clear background. Looked white from trailer.

11. COMMENTS
Citing at best 1/15 deg arc. Shape of object too small for a/c. Wind heading at right angles to direction on object. Spent too close for satellite. Radar tracked object. Seen in the wrong direction. No balloon was realized in area. Sighting too constant and object remained in field of view. UNKNOWN Case listed as unidentified.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☒ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)

- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

NE007
GHC50F074GCJ9T9999
JNT RJZD50
DE RJZD5F 394B
R 192125Z

FM 2355 AEDG GAFB
TO ATIC UFAFB

PT

UNCLAS FROM ROME-3-37-E YOUR MESSAGE AFCIN-4420. 3-525-F: 11 MAR 60

OBJECT MOVING IN DIRECTION BETWEEN 140 AND 150 DEGREES DURATION OF
SIGHTING 3-4 MINUTES PERSONNEL IN TOWER AFTER SIGHTING HAD TIME FOR
CLINOMETER READINGS A CALL TO THE OPERATIONS DESK A CHECK WITH
RADCON AND A RADIO CALL TO THE AIRDROME OFFICER WHO WAS ON THE
PRIMARY RUNWAY AND WHO VERIFIED THE SIGHTING BEFORE OBJECT
DISAPPEARED ALL OBSERVERS CONCURRED IN DESCRIPTION AS A BRIGHT
POINT OF LIGHT ABOUT MAGNITUDE OF SIRIUS WITH A FAN SHAPED STREAMER
OF ORANGE OR RED LIGHT BENEATH IT OBSERVER 2 A STATED THAT IT
APPEARED SIMILAR TO WHAT A JET WITH AFTERBURNER MOVING AWAY FROM
THE OBSERVER WOULD APPEAR SIGNED PROVOST MARSHAL

PT
18/21147Z MAR RJZZGF

ATIC

- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Science News Letter for January 23, 1960

ASTRONOMY

Planets Still in Morning Sky
Uranus and Pluto will be at their closest points to earth for 1960 during February. However, only Mercury will be visible in the evening without some kind of optical aid.

By JAMES STOKLEY

IF YOU want to see a planet on February evenings, you will have to use some sort of optical aid except for the brief appearance of Mercury about Feb. 23. The others are visible to the naked eye now in the early morning sky.

But two of the more distant planets are now visible. In February, they will be at their closest for the year: Uranus, which will be a mere 1,618,000,000 miles away on the eighth, and Pluto, which will be at a little more than three billion miles distant at the end of the month.

While Pluto is so faint—of the 15th magnitude that a large telescope is needed to reveal it, Uranus is at least about the limit of naked-eye visibility. It is in the constellation of Leo, the lion, and its position is shown on our map of the southern half of the sky in a small 12-inch map. In the early evening, it takes a clear, dark look at the region with a good pair of binoculars, and you should be able to locate it. Uranus shines with a steady light even the scintillating rays, and it has a slightly greenish tint. Having located it, you can perhaps pick it up with the naked eye—provided your eyesight is quite good and you are away from the smoke and glare of the city sky.

Mercurial Orbit

Mercury goes around the sun once in 88 days. It moves in an orbit considerably smaller than earth's, which we encircle every 365 days, with the result that it passes our planet every 116 days. About 22 days before this happens, it is at its greatest distance east of the sun. If this occurs near the beginning of spring (March 20 in 1960), as this should be a good time to view it.

Look for Mercury low in the west for a few days around Feb. 23, after the sun has gone down and twilight is fading. By the time the sky is entirely dark, the planet will have set.

The other planets that can be seen with the naked eye are all in Sagittarius, the archer, which is in the southwest a little before sunrise. Brighter of these is Venus, which rises an hour or so ahead of the sun.

On the morning of Feb. 17, it will be close to Mars, which is only about a hundredth as bright. It is in the western part of Sagittarius, so that it rises about three hours ahead of the sun, the second brightest planet.

But a longer exposure, through a really big mountain, brings out something else besides the stars. Clouds move around many of the stars. Nebulae of the right form and exposure show the same as the light from the stars themselves, that is, in reflection.

In nearby Orion, between Betelgeuse and Rigel, are three stars in a row that mark the watcher's belt. Hanging from it, as pictured on our star map, is the sword, in which is a star called theta Orionis. It is just faint to be seen on our map, but it is there.

One of the most interesting developments of the spectroscope is the ability to take a clear view of the open circle, near Capella, in Auriga. On a clear night, you can see a band of light, while photographs bring out a detail that is quite blurred. Though the telescope reveals a beautiful belt of nebulosity, while photographs bring out creeper detail. This is the "great nebula in Orion," and it has been observed since the earliest days of telescopic astronomy.

Nebula's Light

The light of this nebula, too, has been analyzed, with the aid of the spectroscope. It turns out to be quite different from that of the nearby stars. There are bright lines in its spectrum, which show light coming from glowing gases, such as hydrogen, helium, nitrogen and oxygen. Associated with these gases are clouds of dust. Part of the Orion nebula itself is hidden by obscuring clouds, and a short distance away, near the star Antilae, easternmost of the

[The rest of the text is cut off in the image]

The document also contains two star charts/sky maps showing the positions of various celestial objects.

- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

three belt stars, is a very famous dark nebula, with the shape of a horse's head.
The Orion nebula is an example of one that shines by emission of its own light, while that around the Pleiades merely reflects the star light falling on it. It is the temperature of the associated stars that determines which kind it is.

The Pleiades are relatively cool, as stars go, with surface temperatures of around 5000 degrees Fahrenheit. Their Orion and other gases in the nearby clouds, electrons are knocked out of their normal places in the hydrogen atoms. Then the electrons fall back to their normal places, and light is emitted. This is the process of fluorescence, familiar in fluorescent lamps.

But the cooler Pleiades yield radiation of much lower energy, which is incapable of displacing the electrons in the gas clouds. All that we can see is the star light reflected from the clouds of dust. And even in the emission nebulae, like Orion, there is some reflected star light, although it is largely overpowered by the fluorescence.

Celestial Time Table for February

Feb. EST
4   9:27 a.m.   Moon at first quarter.
6   12:08 a.m.  Algol (variable star in Perseus)
7   1:00 a.m.   Moon farthest, distance 251,
                700 miles.
8   2:00 p.m.   Uranus opposite sun and near-
                est earth; distance 1,618,900,
                000 miles.
     8:57 p.m.   Algol at minimum.
15  12:22 p.m.  Full moon.
16  10:03 p.m.  Venus passes Mars.
21   7:00 p.m.  Moon passes Jupiter.
22  10:00 p.m.  Moon nearest, distance 238,
                400 miles.
23  11:00 p.m.  Moon passes Saturn.
     7:00 a.m.   Mercury farthest east of sun,
                 visible for a few days about
                 this date low in west after sun.
24  7:00 a.m.   Pluto opposite sun and nearest
                earth; distance 3,050,900,000
                miles.
26  1:53 a.m.   Algol at minimum.
     1:23 p.m.   New moon.
27  7:00 p.m.   Moon passes Mercury.
28  10:43 p.m.  Algol at minimum.
                Subtract one hour for CST, two hours for
                MST, and three for PST.
                Science News Letter, January 23, 1960

- page 4 -

REPORT ON AN UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
OVER
HOLLYWOOD, CALIFORNIA
February 5, 1960 and February 6, 1960
(Observed by Hundreds of Witnesses)

This report is the result of a thorough and exhaustive study of this occurrence
by the
LOS ANGELES NICAP SUBCOMMITTEE (LANS)
A Scientific, Investigative Committee of the
NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA (NICAP)
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N. W., Washington 6, D. C.
Major Donald E. Keyhoe
USMC (Ret.)
Director

Foreword

Correlation of observations of many independent witnesses, who observed
this phenomenon from various locations in Hollywood, together with scientific
and technological information from authoritative sources have made this report
possible.

We wish to express our sincere appreciation to all witnesses who gave so
generously of their time in describing their observations of this sighting, and
granted permission to use their names in this report. Our sincere thanks also
to those witnesses who, for personal reasons, requested anonymity, but never-
theless rendered valuable information and assistance.

Our grateful acknowledgment for vital information and advice on the techno-
logical aspects of this study, to the following: U. S. Weather Bureau, Santa
Monica, California; U. S. Weather Bureau, International Airport, Inglewood,
California; U. S. Weather Bureau, Burbank, California; Lockheed Control Tower,
Lockheed Airport, Burbank, California; Lockheed Aircraft Corp. (1) Lockheed
Research, (2) Missile and Space Div., Van Nuys, California; Griffith Park
Observatory, Los Angeles, California; Dept. of Water and Power (1) Los Angeles,
(2) Van Nuys, California; Southern California Edison Co., Los Angeles, California;
Edwards Air Force Base, Weather Detachment Forecaster, California; and U. S.
Naval Ordnance Station, China Lake, California.

A special word of thanks to The Citizen-News, whose article (see page 2)
in behalf of this committee, brought remarkable results in locating witnesses to
this sighting.

- page 5 -

THE REPORT.
(As described by many witnesses. Signed reports in files of NICAP.)

On two successive nights, February 5, 1960 and February 6, 1960, from 11:15 PM until after midnight, a brilliant red light traversed approximately the same course low over the heart of Hollywood.

It moved very slowly and silently, remaining completely stationary for periods of 8 to 10 minutes at a time.

Both nights the brilliant red light came from the west, traveling due east, parallel with Sunset Boulevard. And both nights it stopped and remained motionless over the northwest corner of Sunset Boulevard and La Brea Avenue 5 to 8 minutes. Friday night it continued its motion due east (after the 5 minute stop) for about two blocks, then veered to the southeast and disappeared.

Saturday night the red light made its appearance about the same time (11:15 PM) seemingly following the identical course, west to east, parallel with Sunset Boulevard. This time its first stop was about a block east of La Brea, where it remained stationary for approximately 10 minutes. Elevation of the light at this point was approximately 560 feet. (See Elevation A, Page 17.) Then, as witnesses watched, there was a loud explosion, and flash of bluish white light (flash of light was directed downward and westward) and the sudden formation of a "mushroom" shaped white cloud.

At the moment of the bright flash, a dull aluminum colored tubular shaped object was seen to shoot upwards, and a smaller object was seen "spiraling" downward. As the "whitish" cloud dissipated, it took on faint hues of pink, blue and purple. Some noticed a peculiar odor.

Simultaneous with the explosion, the brilliant red light seemed "to go out". It "came back on", or reappeared, about five seconds later, slightly higher in elevation and a block west of the point of explosion--again, as on Friday night, it was directly over the northwest corner of Sunset Boulevard and La Brea Avenue. There it remained stationary for approximately eight minutes (while hundreds of Hollywood citizens watched in unbelieving amazement). Elevation of the light at this point was approximately 1,000 feet. (See Elevation B, page 17.)

Very slowly it began to move due east. Witnesses said that for a few minutes the movement was so slow that it was almost imperceptible to the eye. After moving due east for about a block, it turned in a northeasterly direction, and appeared to be aiming altitude steadily. Finally, it stopped again, at an elevation of approximately 28,000 feet (see Elevation C, page 17), remaining motionless for about ten minutes--then suddenly shot straight up at "fantastic speed" and was out of sight in less than three seconds.

DESCRIPTION OF RED LIGHT.

Although the size of the light was variously estimated from the size of a baseball to a full moon, one-third of observers said that it appeared to be about one-fourth, or one-third its actual size. (It has been suggested that the difference of opinion as to size of the light may have been due to differences in location of witnesses, and angle of sighting.) There was almost unanimous agreement that the shape was round and clearly defined. Only a few thought the outline was fuzzy. To those who saw the light, there was no doubt as to its color. It was red--very red. The shade of red most often described

- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

was "a brilliant cherry red". Several viewers said that the light was "pulsating". 
Many witnessed described the forward movement of the red light, when in motion, 
as "deliberate" or "like that of a controlled device". All observers said that it 
was unlike anything they had ever seen.

FRIDAY NIGHT SIGHTING (Feb. 5, 1960) AS TOLD BY THE WITNESSES.

Jerry Darr was busily attending to his duties at the Standard Service Station, 
where he was employed, at the northeast corner of Sunset Boulevard and La Brea 
Avenue. The time was shortly after 11:00 P.M. The weather was clear and the 
stars visible. Something bright caught his eye and he looked up. He recounted, 
"There was this brilliant red light coming over the Eldorado (restaurant) real 
low. I just stared, sort of transfixed for a moment, wondering what it was." 
Then he called his co-worker, Charles Walker, to see it, and by that time 
others were looking up and watching as the red light came on slowly and silently 
towards them. Jerry Darr and Charles Walker then related how the red light 
had stopped and remained motionless for about five minutes over Tiny Naylors 
Restaurant and Drive-in across the street at the northwest corner of Sunset and 
La Brea. They said, "Hundreds of people saw it--everybody was looking up." 
Then the light began moving again, slowly, and came directly over the service 
station, moving due east. Charles Walker commented, "It didn't float--its 
movement was deliberate--like a machine." Jerry Darr went on, "As it passed 
right over us, we stared and stared at it and we couldn't see what that light was 
attached to--it was frustrating!" About a block east of them it turned southeast 
and Jerry Darr said, "I looked away for a second and when I looked back, it was 
gone--just as if it had turned off."

Less than a third of a mile north, others were watching this strange sight. 
Ken Meyer, manager of the Union Oil Station, at the northeast corner 
of Hollywood Boulevard and Sycamore, had also seen the bright red light. He 
said he could detect no movement for about ten minutes, then it slowly moved 
away in a southeasterly direction. Meyer said that he and others watching de-
cided that it was either "manned or radio-controlled because of the abrupt and 
apparently purposeful manner of leaving."

Mr. Harold Sherman, author and lecturer, and Mrs. Sherman had just re-
turned to the Garden Court Apartments, 7021 Hollywood Boulevard, where they 
reside, and as they got out their car the saw the brilliant red light. They 
both agreed that the size of the light, as near as they could estimate, was about 
one-fourth the size of the full moon. It was such a spectacle, they decided to 
walk on down Hollywood Boulevard a short distance to call their friends, Mr. 
and Mrs. C. H. Brown, owners of Brown's Confectionery, 7007 Hollywood 
Boulevard. Mrs. Brown thought that it looked like a "ball of fire just hanging 
motionless" in the sky". As the four watched, it began moving slowly--appeared 
to stop again--then moved eastward. Soon it disappeared from view behind the 
Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel, and the four interested observers walked hurriedly 
on down the next corner (Hollywood Boulevard and Orange), hoping to see it 
again as it reappeared. In a few minutes it came into view again from behind 
the hotel, but was turning southeast away from them. Slowly the red light di-
minished in size, and then was gone. Mr. Brown commented that the elevation 
of the light seemed very low. Mrs. Sherman thought they had watched the light 
for approximately twenty minutes. Mr. Sherman said, "twenty or thirty other 
persons saw it, and some taxi men at the Hollywood Roosevelt also witnessed 
the phenomenon, all asking each other, 'what is it?'"

- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Other witnesses, who requested anonymity, including a police officer at the Hollywood Police Station, witnessed this phenomenon Friday night.

SATURDAY NIGHT (Feb. 6, 1960) RED LIGHT REAPPEARS.

On Saturday nights, between 11:00 PM and midnight, activity on Hollywood Boulevard seems to reach a high point for the entire week. The same is true of other main thoroughfares in the heart of Hollywood. This Saturday night was no exception. The sky was clear and the stars visible. The moon was almost due west about thirty-five degrees off the horizon, two days past first quarter. It was an ideal night.

Miss Anne O'Neal, actress, was enjoying the sight from the porch of the Garden Court Apartments, 7021 Hollywood Boulevard, where she resides. A very bright red object in the sky attracted her attention, and after studying it for a minute or two, she went into the lobby and called Mr. Leonard Luban, night clerk at the Garden Court, and Mr. Lester Luther, drama teacher (also a resident of the Garden Court).

They hurried back to the porch and there they were greeted by Mr. and Mrs. Harold Sherman, coming up the walk, who had seen the brilliant red light just as they got out of their car, exactly in the same way they had first seen it in the previous night. Both Mr. and Mrs. Sherman agreed that it appeared to be in the same place as the night before. Leonard Luban rushed back into the lobby and put in a hurried call to one of the daily newspapers, and asked if they knew what the strange red light was. He was told they hadn't heard about it. He returned to the porch and watched for a few minutes more with the others, and decided to phone the newspaper again. This time they told him, "We've had a lot of calls--but we don't know what it is!" Luban joined the others again and the five continued to watch.

Approximately ten minutes elapsed. The brilliant red light was still motionless. Others on the boulevard were looking up. Suddenly there was an explosion and flash of bright bluish white light. Mr. Luther told interviewers, "The flash of white light came out of the right side of the red light---and the explosion wasn't like a sonic boom, or like any explosion I've ever heard. It was different. The red light went out, and about five seconds later came back on. It was just the same size as before the explosion--about the size of a pin in, or one-third the size of the full moon. Something fell out of it and spiraled downwards."

Anne O'Neal told interviewers, "We were all so amazed when the red light came back on several seconds later--we thought it had blown up!" "A mushroom shaped white cloud formed at the time of the explosion, and as it dissipated, I noticed colors of blue and purple in it!", she said. Also noticed a "peculiar odor", something like sulphur, she thought. Miss O'Neal described the light as a "large red star that radiated light--about one-third the size of the full moon". She, too, saw some small object, which she could not describe, spiral downwards after the explosion.

Leonard Luban spoke of the strange odor, the mushroom shaped cloud, the pulsating of the red light, and the object that spiraled downwards after the explosion. He said, "When the red light reappeared several seconds after the explosion, it was considerably higher and a little farther to the west." Luban agreed with the others that the light was about one-third the size of the full moon.

5

- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Mr. Sherman described the explosion, the white flash coming out of one side of the red light, and directed westward, the mushroom shaped white cloud, and the pulsating of the light. But he did not see the object that fell downward. His eyes were focused on something else. In the moment of illumination from the white flash of light, he saw a "tubular shaped object about 10 yards." He said, "it appeared to be dull aluminum in color." (See diagram B page 14.) Mr. Sherman described the red light going out at the moment of the explosion and coming back on about five seconds later, somewhat higher in elevation and a little west of its original position. Before the explosion, the light had been due south of the Garden Court.

Mrs. Sherman confirmed the statements of the others on most points. She didn't notice the object falling downward, nor the object which shot upward, seen by Mr. Sherman. Caught in a moment of surprise, it is understandable that no one person could perceive all of the details of a bizarre happening such as this. Therefore, five witnesses viewing such an occurrence at the same time could give a more complete account of the various details which contributed to the entire picture.

All five observers related how they continued to watch the red light as it again remained motionless (after its reappearance following the explosion) for five minutes or so. Then it began to move, very slowly, due east. It continued this course for a block or two, then turned northeast. This brought it towards them, but slightly east of them. (See map, page 15.) It was ascending steadily and as it crossed Hollywood Boulevard the watchers realized that very soon building would obstruct their view. Mr. and Mrs. Sherman and Mr. Luther rushed into the lobby and took the elevator to the roof where they had an excellent unobstructed view of the object as it continued to ascend in a northeasterly direction. Finally, it stopped again and remained stationary for approximately ten minutes. The three viewers described what happened next in these words, "Suddenly it shot straight up at fantastic speed and was out of sight in two or three seconds."

MORE OBSERVERS TELL OF SATURDAY NIGHT SIGHTING.

A little more than a fourth of a mile north of the Garden Court, Miss June Di Maggio, actress-singer, was returning home to her apartment at the Landmark Apartments, 7047 Franklin Avenue. Just as she was about to enter the building she was startled by an explosion and flash of light, which lit up the ground around her. She said, "I looked up and saw a pink cloud of smoke--sort of mushroom shaped--and a tubular shaped 'top' which was spinning. The left side looked shiny, but the right side seemed to be shadowed. I only saw the spinning object for a second. Then the smoke seemed to turn to lavender and different colors." Miss Di Maggio said that she felt slight concussion from the explosion, went into the apartment building then and did not see anymore.

Ken Meyer, night manager of the Union Service Station at the corner of Sycamore and Hollywood, saw the red light for only a minute or so Saturday night. He said that it was in the northwest, apparently stationary. He was very busy at the time and did not see it again. He did not recall the time. (It is presumed to have been before 11:15 P.M.)

Floyd Rickords, instructor of IBM key punch, of 1646 North Carson Avenue, was viewing the moon through his telescope (Polarex, 1200 mm focal length, eyepiece 25 mm, 48 power eyepiece). Mr. Rickords told of his experience, "It was near 11:30 PM and there was a loud explosion and flash of light that was so bright

6

- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

that I could easily have read fine print by it. My first thought was that some air-
craft had blown up. I had been looking at the moon in the west, but the flash of
light came from the east. I looked in the direction of the explosion and flash and
expected to see parts of a plane falling, but instead, there was a brilliant red
light motionless in the sky. A few minutes later I saw it through the telescope,
but could still not make out anything, but the burning red light, that seemed to be
turning or revolving. After the light ascended, it was directly between two stars."
Although it was many times larger than any star, it twinkled like a star." Mr.
Rickord said that he went in the house to get his wife, who had retired earlier,
to come out and see the strange object, and by the time he got back outside, the
red light was gone.

Across the street at 1647 Curson Avenue, Tom Burns and two friends were
watching television. Burns said, "It must have been near 11:30 because the commercial had just come on. All of a sudden we heard an explosion and I raced out
to see what happened. What I saw looked just like a big red Christmas ball hanging there in the sky. It seemed to pulsate from time to time. I went back into the
apartment and the three of us watched it off and on through the window. Finally,
we went back outside and it seemed smaller than when I first saw it. The first
time I looked at it, it looked as big as the full moon, and I had the feeling that
it was going to fall. It stayed in one place for a long while, then it went straight
up into the sky at terrific speed and was gone in a couple of seconds." Mr. Burns'
friends gave complete testimony of their sighting to interviewers, but requested
anonymity. Their statements confirmed Mr. Burns' account of the sighting.

At 1554 North Sierra Bonita Avenue, Mr. E. W. Cass, builder and contractor,
was winding his alarm clock and looking right at it. He had not switched the light
on, he said, as there was sufficient light from the hallway. "It was exactly 11:30",
he declared, "and suddenly a bright flash lit up the whole bedroom." Astonished,
he went outside and there in the sky was a big red light--about twenty-five times
larger than a red light on a plane. I stared at it for a couple of minutes, then I
called my wife (who was still watching television in the living room). We both
watched it for a while and it didn't seem to move at all. Finally, I decided to
call the police and tell them about it." Mrs. Cass said, "The stars were very
clear, and we noticed that this big red light was right between two stars. As we
were watching, it went straight up into the sky very fast, and we didn't see it any
more." Both Mr. and Mrs. Cass commented on what a beautiful shade of red that
it was. They both agreed that it was the most beautiful shade of red that they had
ever seen! (Strangely enough, several other witnesses made the same comment.)
Mr. Cass asserted, "I've never been interested in things that are in the sky, but
I've never seen anything like that in my whole life."

Some Rosi, parking lot attendant at the La Brea Inn, 1543 North La Brea
Avenue, was enjoying a moment of respite. Then he heard an explosion--and
the ground around him lit up like day. "It was a bluish white light", he said.
At first he saw nothing unusual, but after a few minutes he saw what looked like
a "big hot ember" about as big as the full moon. He thought it looked as though
"pieces were falling from it". It finally moved east, slowly, and out of sight.
A row of tall pine trees east of the La Brea Inn could have obstructed Mr. Rosi's
view of the red object as it turned northeast.

7

- page 10 -

ENIGMATIC RED LIGHT ATTRACTS HUNDREDS AT BUSY INTERSECTION.

The corner of Sunset Boulevard and La Brea Avenue is a typical modern intersection where two six lane thoroughfares intersect. Located on the four corners are two gasoline service stations, a popular restaurant and drive-in, and a market which remains open until midnight. All are brightly lighted. Adjacent to these are more equally popular restaurants, also brightening the area with highly illuminated decorative signs.

Saturday nights this area is fairly teeming with life and activity. The restaurants are "packed", late shoppers are buying their groceries for the week, and the usual steady stream of drivers are going in and out of the service stations, and lined up bumper to bumper waiting for signals to change. Such was the picture at Sunset and La Brea on Saturday night, February 6, when an explosion flashed in the sky over Hollywood citizens to stop and look up into the sky. The story is told by two police officers, a waiter and a waitress, who witnessed this inexplicable event.

Tiny Naylors Restaurant and Drive-in occupies the northwest corner of the intersection. The Drive-in was filled to capacity. Outside, standing on the lot were Officer Ray Lopez, and Officer Daniel Jaffee of the Los Angeles Police Department. Officer Lopez said that when he heard the explosion and looked up, he saw a bright red light--something like a flare, sharply outlined, and about one-fourth the size of the full moon. He said, "It was directly overhead--right straight up. I had the feeling that it was going to fall. After watching it hover in the same place for about five minutes, it began to move erratically. I believe that I watched it for about twenty minutes, but I didn't have the opportunity to watch it steadily, and the last time I looked, it was out of sight." Officer Lopez said that he had phoned the station and reported the object and he added, "They'd already heard about it."

Officer Jaffee recalled that when he first looked up, following the explosion, he thought he saw a puff of smoke. A few seconds later, he saw the red light. His description was very much the same as that of Officer Lopez. "It was straight overhead, silent, and just hanging there", he said. Officer Jaffee continued, "It seemed to be the color of a flare, but it didn't flicker like a flare. I had the feeling it was going to drop. When it began to move, it was so slow that the only way you could tell it had moved was to look away then look back again. I guess I watched it about twenty minutes altogether, but we were busy and I didn't actually see it disappear." Both Officer Lopez and Officer Jaffee stated they had felt the concussion from the explosion. Both officers also mentioned that the weather was clear. Neither had ever seen anything like this strange red light before.

Barbara Joiner is a waitress, or car hop as they are popularly called, at Tiny Naylors. She was very busy at the time of the excitement and didn't get to watch the light for more than twelve or fifteen minutes. Her testimony was much like the others. The light was "very red--like a red stop signal--only it had a very unfamiliar look. It was so vibrant", she said.

8

- page 11 -

AT IN : 27837 (28 Feb 60) DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE DIVISION
UNCLASSIFIED MESSAGE
INCOMING

ACTION : CON

INFO : COP, SAFS
        SMD AN 214

DZCHQAG32ZCGF A298

PP RJEZHO
DE RJEZGF 3A
P 280215Z

FM COMDR ROMA
TO RUFFAL/ADC ENT AFB
RJESZN/26TH AIR DIV
RJEDS0/ATIC WPAFD
RJEZHO/HQ USAF AFOIN
RJEZHO/SECRETARY OF THE AF SAFIS WASH

BT

UNCLAS FROM BGPF 2-1 UFO A /1/ ROUND /2/ HEAD OF LARGE PIN AT RM
LENGTH /3/ WHITE FAN APPEARED ORANGE OR RED /4/ ONE /5/ N/A /6/ N/A
/7/ FAN SHAPED STREAMER OF LIGHT BEHIND /8/ NONE /9/ NONE
B /1/4 MOVING LIGHT PASSING BETWEEN OBSERVER AND SIRIUS /2/ 20
ELEVATION 170 AZIMUTH /3/19 ELEVATION 130 AZIMUTH /4/ APPEARED TO BE
TRACKING 140-150 /5/ DISAPPEARED IN CLOUD COVER /6/ 3-4 MINUTES
C. /1/ GROUND VISUAL /2/ FIELD GLASSES ELEVATION SIGHTINGS WITH
CLINOMETER /3/ N/A

D. /1/ 2327 Z 27 FEB 60 /2/ NIGHT
E. /1/ CIVILIAN AT LAKE DELTA ROME N Y /2/ 1ST MIL OBS AT GAFB

- page 12 -

Larry Moquin, waiter at Tiny Naylors, had received special training at Pearl Harbor during World War II, for spotting unknown sky objects. He was Chief Plotter for Major Calibre Anti-Aircraft Artillery. His training proved useful on the night of February 6, when he saw a vivid red object in the sky that he did not recognize. He told interviewers, "The explosion was different from other explosions--it had sort of a hollow sound, and you felt it as well as hearing it. I thought I saw a little smoke, and a few moments later a light appeared directly above us. I'd say it was a bright cherry red, self-luminous and sharply outlined. It appeared to be completely motionless, and my first thought was to line it up with something stationary so I'd know for sure whether it moved or not." Moquin then showed the interviewer exactly where he had lined up the red object. The front part of the building has a cantilever roof which extends some distance out beyond the main part of the building. On the front is the sign, "Tiny Naylors". He stood under the edge of this sign, straight straight up (90 degrees angle) past the "N" in the sign. He said the red light remained stationary for approximately eight minutes, then began moving slowly, very slowly, eastward. He continued, "Everybody was standing outside their cars looking up--cars were backed up in the street--and everyone was asking each other, 'What is it?'" Moquin viewed the object and on, for about twenty minutes, and by this time his duties took his attention, and the next time he looked, it was out of sight.

One of the cashiers at the Safeway market, on the southeast corner of Sunset and La Brea, told interviewers that she had not seen the spectacle herself, but that she had heard a lot of customers talking about it.

The hostess at Carolina Pines Jr. Coffee Shop, 1518 North La Brea (near the intersection of Sunset and La Brea), said that patrons had told her all about the red light, the explosion and the mushroom cloud.

There can be little doubt that a red light of unknown origin, created considerable excitement in Hollywood two nights in succession--traveling over approximately the same course, stopping at the same locations for intervals of five to ten minutes. Hollywood citizens are still asking, "What was it?"

- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SIMILAR SIGHTINGS ELSEWHERE.

It is interesting to note that the explosion and flash which covered a wide area of Hollywood, occurred within thirty minutes of the time that a bright flash, accompanied by explosion, was seen over Montana, Idaho, Wyoming and Utah. The time of the flash over the four states was 12:03 AM, MST, February 7 (which was 11:03 PST, February 6). (See article, page 11.)

Also of interest was the "fiery red flying object" which was seen over Oakland, California, December 2, 1959. (See article, page 11.) Several aspects of this sighting significantly parallels the Hollywood sighting. The object was "fiery red". It approached slowly. There was an explosion and white vaporous cloud-- and it shot up at "fantastic speed".

Sightings over Alaska, February 16, 1960, mention "flash" and explosion. (See articles below.)

The significance of these sightings, in relation to the Hollywood sighting of February 5 and 6, is speculative, but too important to be overlooked in an over-all evaluation of the problem.

L.A. Mirror-News
Feb. 16, 1960

Sky-Riding
Objects
Confirmed
COLORADO SPRINGS,
Colo., Feb. 16 (A)—A spokesman for the North American
Air Defense Command here
confirmed today that unidentified flying objects were observed in the skies over
Alaska early yesterday.

The spokesman said Ent
Air Force Base here received
a report at 3 a.m. yesterday
from northerly observation
posts that two objects were
moving in opposite directions across Alaska.

One was reported in the
vicinity of Nome. It appeared to be moving slowly
in a northeasterly direction.
The object disappeared without giving any indication of its size.

The second object reported was sighted at Unalakleet, moving rapidly northwest at a speed sufficient to produce contrails (exhaust trails).

Exhaust Trails
The object also produced a
flash which was assumed to
have been an explosion.
Whether the object exploded has not been determined, but officials are making a search of the area.

A silvery object belching
flames was reported to have
flashed through the Alaskan sky late Sunday from the direction of Siberia.

February 16, 1960
VALLEY TIMES

SEEN OVER ALASKA—Line of arrows indicates route of mysterious object which was reported seen hurling over Western Alaska. Nome airlines employ said object was silvery and tubular with flaming tail.—AP Wirephoto.

Note object, "silvery" and "tubular" seen over Alaska Feb. 16.

"Tubular" object reported over Hollywood Feb. 6, by Mr. Harold Sherman and Miss June Di Maggio.

10

- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

2 Part 1-MON., FEB. 8, 1960 Los Angeles Times 2k

Flash Lights Up Skies
Over Four-State Area
SALT LAKE CITY, Feb. 7 (A.P.) - A U.S. A bright flash lit up a bright nighttime flash
the sky over four western states early today. The light George Holgreen, or I had
was seen by hundreds of persons in Montana, Idaho, Capt. Beler said he did
Wyoming and Northern Utah.

Their reports seemed to was about 10 miles south of
pinpoint it in Southwestern Great Falls, Mont., flying at
Montana — possibly in the 11:00 ft.
Bitter Root Valley. Some At Butte, Metra Fallon,
news dispatches from Butte, Mont., claimed they KNOW, said a noise like a
heard an explosion. roar of jet planes taking off.

"It was fantastically bright followed the brilliant flash
— all by everything in the In Utah, the State Highh-
cockpit and the cabin and way Patrol said it had many
the entire sky outside," said reports which described the
Capt. Richard Beler of Salt light like a flash of lightning
Lake City, pilot of a West- racing across the sky.

Below is a quote in a letter from
Carl W. Nelson, Colonel, USAF,
Congressional Inquiry Division,
Office of Legislative Liaison,
Department of the Air Force,
Office of the Secretary -- to
Hon. Porter Hardy, Jr., Virginia
Congressman, (Date of letter,
March 31, 1960)

"The 7 February 1960 UFO sighting
in the mid-west was not reported
to the United States Air Force and,
therefore, the Air Force did not
analyze or evaluate this sighting."

(Documentation for above in Files
at NICAP)

Wednesday, Dec. 2, 1959
San Francisco Chronicle

Mystery
'Fireball'
In Oakland Sky
A story red flying object was spotted high over
the Oakland-Fremont area
at 9:33 last night.

Ten watchers in the
Oakland Airport control
tower saw the red light
approach slowly from the
southeast at an estimated
2000 feet, then suddenly
shoot up at a "fantastic"
speed and explode into a
white, vaporous cloud.

The pilots of two commercial planes approaching San
Francisco over Point Reyes
reported sighting the red
light. One pilot, flying at
7000 feet, said the object appeared to be below him. He
saw no white cloud, the object just disappeared, he
said.

A dozen persons called the
Alameda County Sheriff's
office in San Lorenzo to report sighting the object, and
it was also seen at the San
Francisco Airport tower and
as far north as Contra Costa
county.

A Tor missile was
launched at 9:20 p. m. from
Vandenberg Air Force Base,
and this might explain the
object on the coast, but it was fired off
to the west.

A. E. Whitford, director of
the Lick Observatory at
Mount Hamilton in Santa
Clara county, said: "There saw the flying object."
Whitford said it was barely
possible that the object was
a meteor. He said there could
have been no connection with
the missile firing.

- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

The Citizen-News Wed. Feb. 10, 1960

MYSTERY FLASH

Fireball Reported
In Hollywood Skies
That mystery flash which Cas' description of the slight-
was reported from four west- ingly recalls recent sightings
ern states - Montana, Idaho, listed to the Associated Press
Wyoming and Utah - Sunday by amateur astronomer Floyd
night, may also have been seen Rickores, also of
in Hollywood, says Floyd W. Cas, who says the flash Hollywood.
Rickores said after the flash
in his Hollywood Hills - loca- of light he "red ball was
tion was "brighter than any- brighter than anything else"
thing" seen recently.
Cas, who was at 1554 N. Sierra Bonita Ave. in Holly- in the sky. It seemed to hang
wood, says the flash first motionless between two stars
came up in his room at 11:50 for some time, then took off
as he was getting ready to go with fantastic speed and dis-
up his room at 11:50 as he was appeared."
winding the alarm clock. He
looked outside and saw a "red
ball" in the sky and he watched it for a couple of minutes
before he called his wife, then
they went outside and watched it some more.

He described the direction
as slightly north of east from
his location. His description as
to the time involved in observing the phenomenon, whatever
it was, is not being very clear
in descriptions of the flash
seen, and heard, (it was described as sounding like a
block of jets passing by) a
Montana disturbance, which
various reports investigat-
ed would tend to pinpoint
in the area of the Blaze Root
Valley.

(Time given as Sunday
night should read Saturday
night)

(Note Floyd Rickores
should read Floyd
Rickores)

Los Angeles Herald & Express

Sky Mystery
Light Seen
As Meteor
A mysterious bright light in
the sky visible here unquestionably was "undoubtedly a
meteor, experts said today.
Hundreds of persons in
Utah, Montana and Wyoming
saw the strange light, indicating its path was over that
area.

Local witnesses said the
light appeared to hover over
Hollywood and Vine, and early
reports identified it as a
weather balloon.

However, Floyd Rickores of
Hollywood, an amateur astronomer, said he tracked a
red ball in the sky for nearly
five minutes after a "bright
flash lights the room." He
said the ball was brighter
than anything else in the sky,
and he guessed it was thousands of miles above the
earth.

"It seemed to stay stationary between two stars
for three or four minutes,
then it took off with a fantastic speed and disappeared," he said.

Western Air Line Pilot
Richard Relow, whose plane
was 11,000 feet over Western
Mountain, said the light was
"fantastically bright. . . it
lit up everything in the cockpit and the cabin and the
entire sky outside."

Observers in the mountain
states described the light as
something like a flash of
lightning arching across the
sky.

25c, 1st Part A Sec. 12, 1, 1960 Los Angeles Examiner

Mystery Light Hangs
Over Hollywood
Scores of telephone inquiries were received by
the police and newspaper
offices late last night from
the heavens almost directly
over Hollywood but not
Vine st.

After a check of Weather
Bureau stations, the FAA
and all airports in the
metropolitan area, Lt. R. S.
Tucker, night watch commander at the Hollywood
police division, said he was
unofficially recording the
phenomenon as a weather
balloon.

The "UFO" (unknown flying object) was first reported at 11:30 p.m.

Lt. Tucker, who kept
track on the light from his
office window, said it ap-

peared to snuff out at
12:15 a.m.

A spokesman for the
Weather Bureau said he
did not believe it was a
scheduled weather balloon
flight, but that it "could
have been."

He explained that the
light, operated by batteries,
is to warm approaching aircraft. The balloons usually
remain in the air for about
an hour and ascend to as
high as 100,000 feet. The
vertical position of the
"UFO" (unknown flying object) over Hollywood last
night was explained by the
fact wind continues were
zero.

Thus, March 10, 1960 The Citizen-News

Sky Light Witnesses
Sought by Committee
Persons who may have witnessed an unusual bright light
in the sky on the night of Feb.
6 are urged to contact the National Investigation Committee
of Aerial Phenomena.

A representative of the committee, which makes an evaluation of such happenings,
can be reached by calling RE-

public 1-6590.

- page 16 -

METHOD AND PROCEDURE OF INVESTIGATION.

Early in the investigation of this phenomenon over Hollywood, one of the first steps was to determine the possibility of the red light being attached to a balloon--a meteorological balloon, or a balloon of any description, from any source.

Three different offices of the U. S. Weather Bureau, military bases, and several private organizations (who had in the past released test balloons) were consulted.

The Weather Detachment Forecaster, Edwards Air Force Base, stated that no balloons had been released from 5 February, 0950 PST until 8 February. He further stated the balloons from that station were the same as used by the U. S. Weather Bureau, and did not carry lights.

A letter from the U. S. Naval Ordnance Test Station, China Lake, California, dated 2 March 1960, reads: "In answer to your letter of inquiry dated 26 February, regarding the unidentified objects observed over Hollywood, California, 6 February, we had not released any balloons at this Station during the evening on that date." (Signed, Quentin S. Dalton.)

These two military bases are located northeast of Hollywood. The prevailing winds the night of February 6 (according to U. S. Weather Bureau record) were from the northeast.

The U. S. Weather Bureau, Santa Monica, California, where the meteorological balloons are released, stated that the balloon released from their station at 2101 PST, February 6 did not go toward Hollywood, but in the opposite direction and was well out over the ocean by the time it had reached eight thousand feet. They also stated that none of their balloons had been carrying lights for some time--not even the Radio Sonde balloons which normally carry a tiny white light with flashlight size bulb. It was also stated that the light on the Radio Sonde Balloon was so small that it could not be seen by a ground observer.

Private organizations which were contacted had not released any balloons for several months.

It was necessary to learn the source of the explosion and bright flash of light, which had been reported to the Hollywood Police Station by scores of Hollywood citizens. The Bureau of Water and Power and the Southern California Edison Company, two companies serving the Los Angeles area with power and light, were contacted. A thorough check of the logs of maintenance crews for the night of February 6 was made, and both companies stated there had been no transformer blowouts and no trouble of any kind which could have caused an explosion or bright flash. (At this time, the committee had not talked with those witnesses who were actually looking at the red light at the time of explosion and flash.)

Letters of inquiry were sent to Major Lawrence J. Tacker, USAF, Office of Information, Washington, D. C., and to Major Victor E. Irons, Jr., USAF, Office of Information, Los Angeles, California, to learn if the U. S. Air Force had investigated the unusual sighting over Hollywood. Their replies are included with this report.

The general report (Page 3) was a reconstruction of the sighting based on statements of a majority of the witnesses, or where certain aspects were described by two or more independent witnesses.

12

- page 17 -

UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
WEATHER BUREAU
Santa Monica, California

May 19, 1960

Mrs. [redacted]
Los Angeles 18, Calif.

Dear Mrs. [redacted]:

In answer to your questions, I will only show the general characteristics of meteorological balloons.

1. None of the balloons released by personnel at this station were equipped with lighting units on the nights of February 5th or 6th.

2. I have attached a map of the local area indicating the line of flight for sounding made during this period; also attached is a composite of the wind data as evaluated for each sounding.

3. No free balloon will remain stationary, nor appear to remain stationary for this duration, regardless of the wind speed.

Balloons released from this station have, as a general rule, an ascension rate of at least 800 feet per minute; this, under normal conditions, correlates limited visibility to about 3 minutes unlighted and 8 minutes when equipped with a lighting unit. However, when equipped with a lighting unit the balloon itself can be defined, only the light remains visible after 3 minutes, therefore, the radius of visibility for a night release is reduced to only the immediate area of the point of release.

I hope this shall be of some assistance to you and the facilities of this office remain open for any further information you may require.

Very truly yours,
[Signature]
H. M. Murray
OIC

- page 18 -

Wind Direction and Velocity (knots)
Feb. 6, 1960 2101 PST

Flight Path for Flight of February 6, 1960
2101 PST for each 1000 feet/direction
from point of release.

Please note extreme difference of flight path of red light, as shown on opposite page, than that of the U.S. Weather Bureau meteorological balloon.

Unfortunately, space will not permit inclusion of other important information furnished by the U. S. Weather Bureau.

Graphic Solution for Determination of Height of Tubular Object

At a distance of 25 inches from observer's eye, the object was estimated to be 1-1/4 inches in height.

A - Distance from observer's eye to ruler (held at arm's length)
B - Estimated height of object
C - The graphical slope distance from observer to object (1400 Feet)
D - Height of tubular object (object in vertical position)

A ratio of A to B as C to D gives a height of 70 feet.

Diagram B

- page 19 -

Showing course and direction of movement
of red light Saturday night Feb. 6, 1960.

A - Location of witnesses
A - Garden Court Apts.
B - [text blacked out]
C - [text blacked out]
D - [text blacked out]
E - [text blacked out]
F - [text blacked out]
G - [text blacked out]
H - Police station (name withheld)
K - Mrs. H. [text blacked out]
L - Police Officer (name withheld)

(1) Stationary 10 minutes
    Location of explosion & flash

(2) Stationary 8 minutes
    After explosion

(3) Stationary 10 minutes before
    high speed take off straight up

Street names visible on map include:
- Franklin Ave
- Hollywood Blvd
- Lanewood Ave
- Fountain Ave
- Santa Monica Blvd

The map appears to be of an urban area with a grid-like street layout.

- page 20 -

Wind Direction and Velocity(notes)

Feb. 5, 1960     2100 EST                Feb. 6, 1960     0300 EST
Hr.     Dir.    Sp.                       Hr.     Dir.    Sp.
1       026     04                        1       1002    030     05
2       330     09                        2       2      300     12
3       310     05                        3       3      200     16
4       300     08                        4       4      310     12
5       300     12                        5       5      220     12
6       200     17                        6       6      330     18
7       210     20                        7       7      320     20
8       211     22                        8       8      330     22
9       210     22                        9       9      310     22
10000   250     24                        10000   10     310     29
12      210     17                        12      12     320     18
14      320     14                        14      14     200     23
16      320     14                        16      16     290     25
18      320     14                        18      18     290     30
20000   310     23                        20000   20     250     30
25      310     33                        25      25     310     35
30000   290     39                        30000   30     320     24

Feb. 7, 1960     0300 EST
Hr.     Dir.    Sp.
1       310     02
2       340     03
3       340     09
4       350     16
5       330     14
6       320     10
7       300     07
8       300     05
9       320     05
10000   290     03
12      280     15
14      280     11
16      270     10
18      280     08
20000   290     08
25      250     12
30000   290     19

Weather Bureau Airport Station
2501 Airport Avenue
Santa Monica, California

[Signature of R. L. Murray]
R. L. Murray
Supervising Mat. Tech.

- page 21 -

Supplement (page 17) Hollywood sighting report Feb. 5 & 6, 1960

METHOD OF DETERMINING NINETY DEGREE ANGLE
FOR ELEVATIONS A, B, AND C, PAGE 17 OF REPORT

Elevation A: Witnesses at the Garden Court Apartments (Location A, map page 15) observed object (red light) due south 17 degrees (from true north).
Observers indicated position of red light in sky relative to a building. Interferes, using a military compass, established the azimuth.

Witnesses at Santa Monica and La Brea (Location C, map page 15) observed red light approximately 13 degrees (from true north).

These two independent groups observed flash, explosion and mushroom cloud at same moment, 11:50 P.M. Feb. 6, 1960.

Plotting this information on map (U. S. Geological Survey Map, Los Angeles County, California, Hollywood Quadrangle) the intersecting lines locate the point (red light) over the intersection of Sunset Boulevard and Sycamore Street.

Elevation B: The ninety degree angle shown is confirmed by the observers at Naylor, Sunset and La Brea (Location B, map page 15) witnesses at this location looked straight up, at ninety degrees, to see red light.

Elevation C: Police officer at Police Station, Wilcox and De Longpre (Location B, map page 15) observed red light. Azimuth given, 345 degrees (from true north).

Witnesses at Carson and Hollywood Boulevard (Locations F & G, map page 15) viewed red light, using stationary object as reference point. Azimuth 43 degrees (from true north).

These two independent groups observed the red light at the same time as it hovered (Point (5) map page 15) and watched final take off.

Plotting this information on the U. S. Geological Survey Map, the lines intersect at a point over the Hollywood Freeway.

- page 22 -

AF IN: 27837 (28 Feb 60)

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE DIVISION
UNCLASSIFIED MESSAGE
INCOMING

PAGE TWO RJEZGF 3A

CONTROL TOWER /3/ 2ND MIL OBS ON PRIMARY RUNWAY GAFB /4/ 3-6TH
MIL OBS IN GAFB CONTROL TOWER /5/ 7TH MIL OBS AT CAPEHART HOUSING
GAFB

F. [REDACTED] RD NR 2 ROME NY UNK UNK /2/ /A/ HUEY JAMES CAPT
750TH BOMB SQ SAC TOWER OFFICER /8/ REU ROBERT H CAPT A839 OMS
AIRDROME OFFICER A-1 /C/ WESTGATE RAYMOND H T/SGT 2019TH AACS SO
CONTROL TOWER OPERATOR A-1 /D/ BRASTE JOHN D A/2C 2019 AACS SO
CONTROL TOWER OPERATOR A-1 /E/ ENGQUIST EDWARD V A/1C DET 15 4TH WEA
GP WEATHER OBSERVER A-1 /F/ UNIDENTIFIED

G/1/ CLEAR BROKEN /2/ SURFACE 30D 18-24 K 5200 FT 300 30K
10,000 300 30K 16,000 FT 290 50K 20,000 FT 280 50K 32,000 FT
280 80K 45,000FT 270 50K 80,000 FT NOT AVAIL /3/ 4000FT BROKEN

/4/ 15 MILES /5/ 6/10 /5/ NONE /7/ TEMP 29 DEWPOINT 22

H. NONE

I. NONE

J. BUFFALO NY AND FLINT MICH WEATHER STATIONS HAVE SCHEDULED
RAWINSONDE RELEASES AT APPROX 1800Z

K. AIR POLICE OFFICER POSSIBILITY EXISTS OF THIS BEING A WEATHER
BALLOON ON WAY DOWN IF LEAKING SIGHTED SHORTLY AFTER DARK
AF HIGH ALTITUDE BALLOON WITH INSTRUMENT PACKAGE COULD APPEAR
AS SIGHTED OBJECT DESCRIPTION BY WITNESSES F /1/ F /2/ A AND
/2/ B COINCIDES OTHER WITNESSES AGREE

BT

28/0227Z FEB RJEZGF
Page 2 of 2

- page 23 -

GRAPHIC SOLUTION FOR DETERMINATION OF ELEVATION OF OBJECT (RED LIGHT)
OBSERVED IN SKY FEBRUARY 6, 1960, 11:15 PM TO 12:15 PM

Object Hovering Over Intersection of Sunset Blvd. and Sycamore St., Before Explosion
Pt.(1) - Intersection of Sunset & Sycamore, elevation 349 ft., mean sea level. Object directly over this point.
Pt.(2) - Carton Court, 349 elev. Observers viewed light at 21 degrees angle elevation. Distance to Pt.(1) - 1335 Feet.
Pt.(4) - Mean Sea Level
(1) - 1335 Feet
Pt.(5) - Mean Sea Level
Pt.(6) - Object, only appears 350 Ft. above Pt.(1) or 310 Ft. above Pt.(3)

Object Hovering Over Hollywood Freeway
Pt.(9) - Point on Hollywood Fury, over which object was hovering.
Pt.(10) - Mrs. [redacted] & neighbor house at Curson, a Hollywood Blvd. Elev. 410 Ft. Observers viewed light at 75 degrees angle. Distance to Pt.(9) 7,440 Ft.
Pt.(11) - Mean Sea Level
Pt.(12) - Object, elevation approx. 28,000 Ft., above Pt.(9) or 22,220 Ft. above Pt.(11)

Object Hovering Over Intersection of Sunset Blvd. and La Brea Ave., After Explosion
Pt.(5) - Tiny Naylors Restaurant, NE corner Sunset & La Brea. Elev. 349 Ft. Light hovered directly over this point.
Pt.(6) - Carton Court, 349 Blvd., a, above. Observers viewed light at 34.5 degrees angle of elevation. Distance to Pt.(5) 1375 Feet.
Pt.(7) - Mean Sea Level
Pt.(8) - Object, elev. approx. 1,000 Ft. above Pt.(5) or 1,350 Ft. above Pt.(7)

- page 24 -

SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE
LOS ANGELES OFFICE OF INFORMATION
6685 SUNSET BOULEVARD
HOLLYWOOD 28, CALIFORNIA

REPLY TO
ATTN GPO:    SAFOI LA-1                                2 June 1960

SUBJECT:

TO:    Mrs. [redacted] Boulevard
        Los Angeles 18, California

Dear Mrs. [redacted]:

This office has no record of being notified on February 5 or 6 of the unusual sightings mentioned in your letter.

If such a report was made to this office, a resume of it would have been forwarded to Headquarters United States Air Force in Washington, D. C. for further evaluation.

FOR THE CHIEF:

[Signature]
VICTOR E. IRIONS, MAJ
Major, USAF
Chief, Press, Books & Magazines Section

- page 25 -

01-34/and tk/an/7466

27 May 1960

Dear Mrs. [redacted]

This is to acknowledge your letter of 24 May 1960 concerning UFO sightings in February 1960 over Hollywood, Calif.

These sightings you described were not reported to the USAF and therefore no investigation was made on these cases.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mrs. [redacted]
[redacted]
Los Angeles, California

01-43 somehack
01-1 mediac

- page 26 -

Los Angeles, California
May 24, 1960

Lawrence J. Tucker
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services
Department of the Air Forces
Washington, D. C.

Dear Sir:

On two successive nights, February 5, 1960 and February 6, 1960 (between 11:15 PM and 12:15 PM), reportedly a brilliant red light was reported over Hollywood, California by many persons.

Will you please be kind enough to advise me if your office was notified of this occurrence, and if so, if there has been an investigation made by the Air Force.

If an investigation was made, will you please advise me what the results of the investigation were?

Thank you very much. With very best wishes, I remain,

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]

Los Angeles 18, California

- page 27 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(Not printed at Government expense)

[United States seal]
United States
of America

Congressional Record
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 86TH CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION

NICAP UFO Report

EXTENSION OF REMARKS
OF
HON. LEONARD G. WOLF
OF IOWA
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Wednesday, August 31, 1960

Mr. WOLF. Mr. Speaker, under leave to extend my remarks, I include an important warning by Vice Adm. R. H. Hillenkoetter, former Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, that certain intelligence matters are linked with unidentified flying objects (UFO's).

Today, this danger may surpass the one cited in NICAP's report. That the UFO's might spread false rumors that the UFO's are not real could weaken which have managed to use surprise attack targets and could be used as surprise-attack weapons. (Since American intelligence has already reported hidden fear of UFO's in the reason for secrecy.)

We are sure you will well agree is in imperative that the truth of additional war from defense should be told that the UFO's are real and should be treated in mathematical terms. These characteristic speeds and maneuvers cannot be explained by any known missiles. This is not in effect today.

Second, the American people must be convinced by documented fact. That the UFO could not be Soviet machines.

Certainly every Member of Congress will agree that any such danger of accidental war—even if slight—must be averted in every possible way. It is also important to prevent any unfounded fear that the UFO's are secret enemy devices.

After discussing the subject with colleagues, I am certain that there is a real danger by many Members of Congress.

Without necessarily accepting all the conclusions of the NICAP board of Governors and technical advisors, we are convinced that a thorough study of the UFO problem should be made. Pending such action, I believe that publication of the NICAP report will help to reduce the dangers cited by Vice Admiral Furlong and the other NICAP officials.

[Rest of text appears to continue but is cut off at the bottom of the page]

- page 28 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

( (note: parentheses appear at top of page)

the same time and following approximately the same course, and was viewed by hundreds of witnesses.

1. On the second sighting, Feb. 9th, 1960, the object "exploded", emitting a military blue-white light with accompanying port and starboard colors. A large, aluminum-colored object emerged from it and rose upward.

2. The red object hovered over the intersection in Hollywood for full ten minutes on Feb. 6th, and over the identical intersection for a full 5 minutes on Feb. 9th.

3. Efforts made by witnesses to notify police and other local officials brought no action or investigation. Only press, newspapers across the country were notified.

The report was prepared solely for the purpose of documenting witnesses' testimony. Persons desiring to learn more about the case are invited to write for further information. We have been asking for many years for an official investigation and white information. These sightings have been sighted on our nation's radar defense system.

They could get off a general war, as was been indicated by more clear cut military than Rand McNally. NATO coordination of United Air Services. (See Foreword of Flying Saucers and the Startling Evidence by Almo Mikel).

I sincerely hope you will take time to read our report. If you desire to know more regarding the personnel of our committee, I would be happy to send you additional information. I might say that we are all level-headed persons, with not an occultist, spiritualist, or crackpot among us! I will say here, that our Chairman is Dr. Leslie Keating, who is director of the Bio-Electronics Laboratory at the University of Southern California, active now in space medicine research.

I would appreciate hearing from you regarding your opinion in this matter.

Sincerely yours,

(signature location, California blacked out)

- page 29 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Top of document appears to be letterhead, but text is partially illegible]

Dear Congressman Libscomb:

I received your recent letter with much appreciation and will attempt to respond to the details in the manner which you requested.

[Several lines in middle of document are partially illegible]

I do not know whether this procedure is set up or not. Your House [Fla.] [rest of line illegible]

For almost four years the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP), Washington, D.C., has been collecting...

[Some text in lower half of document is obscured or illegible]

Members of the Los Angeles Committee of 1967 have been investigating various reports over the past several years...

[Bottom of document contains additional text, but parts are not clearly readable]

Note: While I've attempted to capture all visible text, some portions are too faint or obscured to read with complete certainty.

- page 30 -

SAFOI /Capt Mack/man/7824

21 February 1961

MEMORANDUM FOR CHIEF, CONGRESSIONAL INQUIRY DIVISION, SAFOI
ATTENTION: Mr. Wilson, Team A

SUBJECT: Draft of Reply to Congressman Lipscomb

The following is a recommended reply to Congressman Leonard P.
Lipscomb's letter of 14 February.

Dear Congressman Lipscomb:

Thank you for your letter of 14 February in which you request a
basis for reply to Mrs. [redacted] letter regarding unidentified
flying objects.

Forwarded with Mrs. [redacted] letter was a report of an unidentified
flying object supposedly observed from Hollywood, California on 5 and 6
February 1960.

A preliminary check of Air Force files has not brought to light
any reports of UFOs sighted in the area on either 5 or 6 February 1960.

We would, however, like to check this further. We would also like to
carefully review the National Investigations Committee on Aerial
Phenomena report which was forwarded to you by Mrs. [redacted].

Please consider this an interim reply. Additional information
and the report will be forthcoming at an early date.

Attachments

WILLIAM H. NACE
Captain, USAF
Headquarters & Poss Branch
Comeback 01-34
Reader 01-1

- page 31 -

ANALYSIS OF HOLLYWOOD SIGHTING.

Scientific evidence, together with the testimony of many independent witnesses, form the basis for the following conclusions:

Characteristics of the red light, as described by witnesses, rule out any known form of natural phenomena (such as ball lightning, St. Elmo's fire, temperature inversion, after-image, etc.).

Aircraft, including helicopters, are obviously not the answer. The red object moved silently. A helicopter can be heard at five thousand feet elevation, and in flying flight without power the blades can still be heard. It has been shown that the red light was less than one thousand feet, for ten minutes at one location, and approximately one thousand feet for about eight minutes at another location. Every witness, without exception, declared that the red light was completely silent, both when moving and when stationary. (Explosion excepted.)

The question of a balloon being involved in the sighting, February 6, over Hollywood, was settled with finality by the information furnished by the U. S. Weather Bureau (included with this report). No balloon travels against or into the wind. The red light not only moved against the wind, but remained stationary for a period of approximately ten minutes in a wind velocity of more than twenty knots, at its last stop, at an elevation of some twenty-eight thousand feet, just before shooting upwards at high speed and out of sight.

Calculations of the dull aluminum colored tubular shaped object, seen by Mr. [redacted] (also reported by Miss [redacted]) showed the object to be approximately seventy feet long. Mr. [redacted] said that the length of the object appeared to be three or four times greater than the width. In round figures, this makes the tubular object twenty feet by seven feet. It is a startling disclosure—but then, a "disembodied" red light roaming around at will, creating loud explosions and mushroom clouds, is no less startling. It is presumed the red light was attached to something of a solid nature.

By the process of elimination, and the careful study of testimony of many witnesses, the enigmatic red light appears to fall into the classification called "unknown".

20

- page 32 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

27 May 1960

Dear Mrs.

This is to acknowledge your letter
of 24 May 1960 concerning UFO sightings
in February 1960 over Hollywood, Calif.

These sightings you described were
not reported to the USAF and therefore
no investigation was made on these cases.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mrs.
Los Angeles, California

- page 33 -

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET

Location: Rome, New York, Griffiss AFB, N.Y.

Date: 1 Feb 60     Hour (Z) 2314Z

Weather: Cloudy, Precip. wind W 15-20 knots

Description: [partially illegible text, appears to describe some kind of observation]

Direction of Motion: Delta

Satellites: (AFCIN-483, Phone 69219)

Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc.): Passing Terrestrial of the Star Cordele

Radar Analysis (AFCIN-481)

Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc.):

Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc.: [some text, but partially illegible]

Other:

Evaluation of Source Reliability: Possible Good

Analysis and Conclusions: IT IS PROBABLE THAT RECORDED ON THE STAR CHARTS WAS OBSERVED FOR THIS SIGHTING. THE WITNESSES AS THE SAME OBJECT AS THE DESCRIPTION AND APPEARANCE. SIGHTED REGISTERED WERE AS NOTED AND PLOTTED - SIGNED

- page 34 -

ADDENDUM.

This report would not be complete without some mention of the psychological impact of the sighting to the witnesses themselves. The observers spoke of the red light as "weird" or "weird" and although they were convinced at the time of the sighting that the object was unnatural, there was no panic. There was awe, excitement and apprehension, but most of all, an intense curiosity to know what it was and where it came from.

Naturally, there was much speculation--one or two thought it was a new device of our own government (and were indignant at the idea of testing it over a densely populated city). Several thought it was from Russia--a device to spy on us. They reasoned that it had made an aerial surveillance Friday night and came back Saturday night over the same spot to take a photograph. But the majority thought that whatever it was, it was from outside this world--and they were frank to declare they'd rather it was from outer space than from Russia.

Many witnesses complained that they had felt completely frustrated in their efforts to report the sighting to the "proper authorities". One witness was told to "call back on Monday".

Some were concerned over the "mushroom" shaped cloud which followed the explosion, and wondered whether there had been radiation in the area. They said, "Why wasn't an investigation made?"

Uppermost in the minds of many was the total absence of jets or military aircraft during the entire period of sighting (approximately one hour, Saturday night). (This fact is indicated on all signed reports of this sighting in Files at NICAP.)

These witnesses represent a cross-section of the many hundreds who witnessed this strange phenomenon over Hollywood, two nights in succession--and without doubt reflect the thinking of all concerned. They are asking questions--serious, thoughtful questions about what is going on in our skies--and they feel they have the right to know.

21

- page 35 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some parts of the text are partially illegible or cut off at the edges, so I will transcribe what is clearly readable]

In the first part of the document, the top of the page appears to have a header, but it is partially cut off and illegible.

The text appears to be a detailed report or investigation document. Some paragraphs discuss an investigation, with mentions of police, interviews, and observations. However, due to the image quality and partial cutting of the page, I cannot confidently reproduce the entire text verbatim.

The bottom of the page mentions "NICAP" (which likely stands for National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena), and discusses some investigative procedures or recommendations.

Without being able to guarantee complete accuracy due to image quality, I can only provide a partial and approximate transcription of the visible text.

- page 36 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   7 February 1960
Utah, Montana, California.

THE A.M. & O. BULLETIN

Mystery Flash and
Power Failure

[The rest of the text is partially illegible due to image quality, but appears to be a document discussing a mystery flash and power failure in some locations. The full details cannot be confidently transcribed due to the low resolution of the scan.]

- page 37 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)                                   7 Feb, 1960
                                                                       Midwest U.S.

Source: Letter to Congress from [redacted]

The sighting, UFO sighting in the Midwest was not reported to the United States Air Force and, therefore, the Air Force did not investigate and evaluate this sighting.

- page 38 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

No Case (Information Only)                                Feb 8, 1960
                                                           Fitchburg, Massachusetts

Source: Saucer News

FITCHBURG, MASS.
SENTINEL
U. 17,968                                                 FILED ONE
                                                           MAY 2 9 1963

City Youth
May Have
'Shot' UFO

"It could be a UFO"
So said a government agency
which studies UFO's or unidentified flying objects.

Robert F. Nurnberger, 18-year-old Fitchburg High School senior
who photographed a bright dot in a photograph and wondered
what it was, may have shot a UFO.

His curiosity was a photograph he made of the heavens from the yard
of his home at 88 Walton street in
Fitchburg, 1960.

How did he know it was stationary? Because all of the stars,
bright and faint, showed no short streaks. They move. But
the period the shutter was open.
The more he looked the more he became convinced there
was something strange about the
bright dot.

Could it be a UFO? An unidentified flying object?

Bob didn't know so he scouted
about some in with the records of the National Investigating
Committee on Aerial Phenomena in Washington, D.C.

The director of the organization
is Maj. Donald E. Keyhoe, USMC.
He sent the photographs and
some information relative to when
he took the shots. He waited patiently for an answer.
Then back came an answer
which still leaves the story unfinished.

"Bob was told in a letter
from the Washington based committee, "it could be a UFO."
However, the letter noted "all
this is very vague." It is a
matter of opinion.

The committee, which for a number of years has attempted to
verify and substantiate reported
UFO's from throughout the world,
made enlargements of Bob's photographs and is still studying them
in an attempt to identify the bright
dot. They will notify Bob through
a determined amateur astronomer if they make a determination.

The bright dot on the photograph first impelled the impetus to
start him on a study of unidentified
flying objects, flying saucers and
all.

Bob will enter the air force on
July 8 after his graduation from
Fitchburg High School and hopes to receive a college

UFO, Page 19

STARGAZER—Robert F. Nurnberger, 18, of 38 Walton street, above, whose hobby is astronomy, may have photographed a UFO or unidentified flying object. A government agency has studied a bright dot in a photograph Bob made in February, 1960 and given the opinion that "it could be a UFO." The government agency is making further studies of the photograph made from the Nurnberger yard.

- page 39 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

MEMORANDUM
July 29, 1963

Dear Colonel Friend

The attached clipping and letter is FYI. I don't plan to write MCAP, since Mr. [redacted] can do it himself, if he cares enough.

Kitty

- page 40 -

SAUCER NEWS
OFFICIAL PUBLICATION OF THE SAUCER AND UNEXPLAINED CELESTIAL EVENTS RESEARCH SOCIETY

MAILING ADDRESS: P.O. BOX 163, FORT LEE, N.J.
OFFICE: 303 FIFTH AVE., NEW YORK, N.Y.
TELEPHONE: MURRAY HILL 6-9743

EDITOR:
JAMES W. MOSELEY

July 15th, 1963

Dear Major Hart:

I call your attention to the enclosed newspaper clipping, in which, as you can see, Major Keyhoe's NICAP organization has been mistaken for an official governmental agency. You will note that the young man who took the alleged saucer photograph, as well as the newspaper in which the article appeared, drew the conclusion that NICAP is an official agency - probably because of Keyhoe's title of Major, and because NICAP is located in Washington.

Whereas these errors are not necessarily NICAP's fault in any way, it would be a good idea if Keyhoe could be persuaded to publish in his bulletins that he is not connected with the government in any way, so as to end this type of confusion. There are probably many saucer fans around the country who have come to the same sort of erroneous conclusion regarding NICAP, i.e., they may believe it is officially sanctioned or connected with the Government.

Best wishes, as always,

[Signature area is blacked out]

- page 41 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   12 February 1960
                                                                       Manomet, Massachusetts

On February 12 over Manomet an orange-lighted egg-shaped UFO was watched by the passengers of a car for 3 seconds.

- page 42 -

Information Only. NOT a UFO Case

16 February, 1960

At 2045 hours, ATIC Duty Officer received a telephone call from Captain Fisher, Capt. Hq. who was relaying information he had received from T/Sgt LaFarty, Flight Services, 51107.

T/Sgt LaFarty was recipient of a telephone call from a Mrs. [redacted] of Findlay, Ohio, Phone Number Garden 3-1524. Mrs. [redacted] stated that she answered her telephone this evening after a short ring, and heard over the line a "beeping". Like a metallic and heard conversations in the background that were in a foreign language, she asserts that she was asked what country this was, and then the reception was broke.

Mrs. [redacted] called the local police who advised her to contact WAPB. She called WAPB and made contact with T/Sgt LaFarty.

No action has been taken by the ATIC Duty Officer other than the preparation of this report.

EDWARD P. CLARK
Captain, USAF
ATIC Duty Officer
17 February, 1960

- page 43 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   21 February 1960
                                                                                       Manomet, Massachusetts.

On February 21 a cigar-shaped object with
12 saucer-shaped craft were reported by Church Deacon Webster Moore at Manomet.

Last February 21 a cigar-shaped object with 13 saucer-shaped
craft were reported by Church Deacon Webster Moore at Manomet.

Since then other sightings have come from Bedford, Wakefield,
Boston, Beverly, Woburn, Lexington, Plymouth, Manomet, Blackstone,
and Leominster and other cities and towns in the Bay State.

- page 44 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

File in D.M.

TELEPHONED
TO

PP MAESGR
DE MAESGR 3A
P 06 C102
FM COMD AGMIA
TO NORAFLANG ENT ATC
ADCJN/SGTR AIR DPY
AEROSPACE TECH
BOZCOA/G USAF ARCH
SECRETARY OF THE AF SATS WASH

ET
UNCLAS FROM BOCP 2-1 UFO A /17/ SOUND /24/ HEAD OF LARGE PIT AT RY
LENGTH /750/ WHITE FAN APPEARED ORANGE OR RED /14/ ONE /24/ WA /24/ /24/
/17/ FAN SHAPED STREAMER OF LIGHT BEHIND /24/ NOSE /24/ SOME
B /14/ MOVING LIGHT PASSING BETWEEN OBSERVER AND SIRIUS /24/ 20
ELEVATION 172 AZIMUTH /25/15 ELEVATION 120 AZIMUTH /14/ APPEARED TO BE
TRACKING 140-150 /25/ DISAPPEARED IN CLOUD COVER /14/ 34 MINUTES

C. /14/ SOUND VISUAL /24/ FIELD GLASSES ELEVATION SIGHTING WITH
CLINOMETER /34/ N/A

D. /14/ 0827 Z 27 FEB 60 /24/ NIGHT
E. /14/ CIVILIAN AT LAKE DELTA ROME NY /24/ 1ST MIL OPS AT SAED

PAGE TWO MAESGR 3A
CONTROL TOWER /34/ ALSO WIL OBS ON PRELIMINARY REPORT /14/ 9-STH
MIL OPS IN CASE CONTROL TOWER /24/ 7TH MIL OPS AT CAPERS MOUNT
SAID

[Remainder of bottom section partially illegible due to black redaction]

- page 45 -

NO CASE (IMPORTANT COPY)

27 Feb. 1960
Groton, Conn.

SOURCE: Flying Saucer - Aug 1960

Last Saturday, Feb. 27, 1960, at the same time that Walcott Island site was on about 5W of Groton, I saw a somewhat UFO and docked out in glowing red, green and yellow in the S3 on the district of Venus. The local radio station said a word about a mysterious that was seen in the sky about the same time, but I noticed the happening changed the object rather quickly. Of course, the local papers did nothing about it, nor even the Walcott Island site. Is the "silence group" being again?

A. Geary Hanson
208 Shore Avenue
Groton, Connecticut

- page 46 -

MARCH 1960 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                   OBSERVER                EVALUATION

Spring  Maddock, North Dakota      (PHYSICAL S)            Other (CHAFF)
2       Leibnitz, Austria                                 Insufficient Data
1       Dubuque, Iowa               (PHOTO)    (PHOTO)    UNIDENTIFIED
5       Perryville, Missouri                              Other (REFLECTION)
6       Evansville, Indiana                               Insufficient Data
7       Nome, Alaska                Eastern Airlines       Astro (METEOR)
7       Eastern United States       Multi                 Satellite (DECAY)
9       Gulf of Mexico              Coast Guard           Astro (METEOR)
14      Waterbury, Connecticut                            Insufficient Data
14      Mather AFB, California                            Insufficient Data
17      Hawaiian Islands            Military (Air)        Astro (METEOR)
19      North Platte, Nebraska      Military (Air)        Other (MIRAGE)
19      Cordova, Newfoundland                             Insufficient Data
19-21   Ousi Suomi, Finland         Air Attaché           Astro (METEOR)
20      Monroe, Wisconsin                                 Balloon
22      Hawaiian Islands            Military (Air)        Astro (METEOR)
23      Indianapolis, Indiana                             UNIDENTIFIED
24      St. Louis, Missouri         Military (Air)        Insufficient Data
24      Terre Haute, Indiana                              Other (FLARE)
25      Dalton, Massachusetts       Military (Air)        Other (ICS)
25      Viola, Delaware                                   Astro (METEOR)
25      Biggs AFB, Texas            Multi                 Astro (METEOR)
29      Hawaiian Islands            Military (Air)        Astro (METEOR)
31      Rennes, France                                    Astro (SUN)
31      END OF Hawaiian Islands                           Astro (METEOR)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                   SOURCE                 EVALUATION

Spring  Clarksburg, West Virginia  Newsclippings
4       Bedford, Massachusetts     Newsclippings
9       Beverly, Massachusetts     Newsclippings
9       Syracuse, New York         Newsclippings
14      Wakefield, Massachusetts   Newsclippings
17      Ontario, California        Newsclippings
24      Baltimore, Maryland        Newsclippings
31      North Atlantic             Newsclippings

- page 47 -

Here is the text from the document:

CONTROL TOWER 757 END MIL OPS ON PRIMARY RUNWAY SAFE 164 3-6TH
IL OPS IN SAFE CONTROL TOWER 757 7TH MIL OPS AT CARTHAGE HOUSING

[Redacted name] RD MIL 2 SOME NY UNK UNK 721 TM 1ST MILES CAPT
TH BLDG 56 SAC TOWER OFFICE 767 NEL ROBERT L CAPT 4325 OPS
CHROME OFFICE A-1 767 WESTGATE RAYMOND L POST 2-15TH ARCS SO
CONTROL TOWER OPERATOR A-1 767 TESSIE JOHN D 2/26 2 12 ARCS SO
CONTROL TOWER OPERATOR A-1 767 ENQUIST EDWARD V MIC DET 15 4TH NCA

3/14 CLEAR BROKEN 767 SURFACE 360 18-24 K 5800 FT 330 38K
1,000 340 38K 16,000 FT 250 5 8K 24,000 FT 280 5 8K 32,000 FT
360 38K 45,000 FT 270 5 8K 33,000 FT NOT AVAIL 767 40,000 FT BROKEN

3/14 15 MILES 767 6/14 767 NONE 777 TEMP 29 DEWPOINT 22

4. NONE

5. NONE

6. BUFFALO NY AND FLINT MICH WEATHER STATIONS HAVE SCHEDULED
RADIOSONDE RELEASES AT APPROX 18402

7. AIR POLICE OFFICER POSSIBILITY EXISTS OF THIS BEING A WEATHER
BALLOON ON WAY DOWN IF LEAKING SIGHTED SHORTLY AFTER DARK
AT HIGH ALTITUDE BALLOON WITH INSTRUMENT PACKAGE COULD APPEAR
AS SIGHTED OBJECT DESCRIPTION BY WITNESSES 7/14 7 767 A AND
7 767 B COINCIDES OTHER WITNESSES AGREE

- page 48 -

Here is the text from the document:

JOINT MESSAGEFORM

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED

[Handwritten notes at top: "42" and "1961 MAR 3 20 54"]

[Top section with form details]

FROM: ATLO, WPAFB

TO: HQ, WPAS
HANCOCK AIRPORT
SYRACUSE, N. Y.

UNCLASSIFIED/FROM: AFGIN-442     2-729-C

REQ. AVAILABLE INFO ON A BALLOON RELEASE FR YOUR STATION ABOUT 

23272 27 FEB 60. INFO ON THE TYPE OF BALLOON, EQUIPMENT CARRIED, 

DIRECTION AND SPEED OF TRAVEL, AND THE DURATION OF THE FLIGHT IS 

NEEDED PLUS ANY OTHER DATA YOU HAVE.

[Bottom section details]
DATE: 29    TIME: 1255
MONTH: FEB   YEAR: 1960

Signature section shows:
PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
AFGIN-442

DD FORM 173 (with additional notation about replacing previous form)

- page 49 -

ZCZCSQP 190CT128 MUACT
SYRACUSE NY 4 1221PIE
COMMAND ATIC
WRIGHT PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE VIA DAYTON OHIO

REFERENCE TO YOUR MESSAGE AFOIN 4223-725-E DUE
TO INCLEMENT WEATHER CONDITIONS FEBRUARY 27 1960 NO BALLOON
RUNS WERE MADE ON THAT DAY
KELLER WEATHER BUREAU AIRPORT STATION SYRACUSE.

(1259 PME MARS 60)

Handwritten notes on top right of document:
Out with Wilton press
1-4E26(60)
2-
3-4x2m
4+

- page 50 -

Here is the text from the document:

JOINT MESSAGEFORM

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED

TO: ATIC W-2 AFB
ROMA, GRIFFIS AFB, N. Y.

/UNCLAS/FROM: AFOIN-442                3-935-15
YOUR MSG HQFC 2-1, DTD 28 FEB 60. REQ VERIFICATION OF DIRECTION
IN WHICH THE OBJ WAS MOVING AND THE DURATION OF THE SIGHTING.

ANY ADDITIONAL INFO AS TO THE DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJ IS ALSO
REQUESTED.

DATE: 11 MAR 1960
TIME: 0900

TYPED NAME AND TITLE:
MAJ ROBERT J FRIEND
PHONE: 69216
SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED

SIGNATURE: [Signature]
PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
AFOIN-442

DD FORM 173 (MAY 62) REPLACES DB FORM 173, 1 OCT 49, WHICH WILL BE USED UNTIL EXHAUSTED

- page 51 -

