There is no photograph present in the shared image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 7 Jun 60
2. LOCATION: Sault Ste Marie, Ontario, Canada
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Late Afternoon
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: D Ground-Radar
5. PHOTOS: D Yes
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: ---
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: ---
8. COURSE: ---
9. COMMENTS: It should be noted that the contrails moved and seemed to be interfering with the camera. The image may have been caused by a less aberration when the lens was exposed to the direct sunlight. The lighting effects could have been caused by the sun being obscured by clouds which produced the apparent lack of light, circular appearance of the image.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten note that states "This case includes three (3) 24"x34" negatives."

This case includes three (3) 24"x34" negatives.

- page 2 -

The image appears to contain a document from the Office of Information, 4239th Strategic Wing, Kincheloe Air Force Base, Michigan. The document discusses an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting and the enclosed 8 mm film.

The text in the document is as follows:

REPLY TO ATTN OF: IXO
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)
TO: Officer in Charge
Aerospace Technical Intelligence Section
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

1. Enclosed is a somewhat damaged 8 mm film which apparently shows a phenomenon of some type. Being as there are no qualified spotting personnel or equipment here, the film is forwarded to you for evaluation.

2. The film was taken by Mrs. ___ on the 7th of June, 1960, between 1900 and 1930 hours, Eastern Daylight Saving Time. The picture was taken in the rear yard of her home in Ontario.

3. Mrs. ___ was using a standard Brownie Kodak camera, 8mm. She was shooting pictures of contrails when she got the apparent image of a disc-like phenomenon.

4. Mrs. ___ was not directly aware of the disc until she received her film back from the processing laboratory, Canadian Kodak Co., Ltd., Toronto, Canada. However, she was aware of a bright object, similar in appearance, rapidly crossing her vision through the lens. The phenomenon's appearance was accompanied by a loud sonic-type boom which was heard by many people in the Sault Ste. Marie area.

5. Also enclosed are four still enlargements of the object which were processed from a second print of the original film.

6. Mrs. ___ would appreciate the return of the film when you have no further use for it. Please return it to this office, and it will be returned to her personally.

JOHN C. LAMBERT
Captain, USAF
Information Officer

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page contains a motion picture film that was carefully analyzed and prints were made of the frames containing the image. According to the text, the image shows the contrails of a high-altitude object that was noted in the sky, and the contrails appeared to form a rectangular shape which then became circular as the object progressed. The text also mentions that the image may have been caused by a lens aberration when the lens was exposed to direct sunlight.

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO        APCIN-4E/Maj Friend/vv/69216
ATTN OT:

SUBJECT:  Request for Photoanal ysis

TO:  APCIN-4D/na

1. It is requested that an analysis be made of the attached photographic negatives to determine the nature of the images.

2. It is requested that the negatives and prints be forwarded to APCIN-4E upon completion of the analysis in order that they may be returned to the witness.

           WILLIS G. EVANS
           Colonel, USAF
           APCIN-4E

1st Ind. (AFCIN-4D4a)

TO:  APCIN-4E (Major Friend)                                6 June 1961

1. The attached motion picture film was carefully analyzed and prints were made of the frames containing the image.

2. As Mrs. --------- was taking motion pictures of the contrails in the sky, an image was filmed which later appeared to form a rectangular image. The light rays then appeared to form a circular image, and as the image progressed the rectangular image became circular and the detail of the image was almost lost.

3. It should be noted that the contrails moved from top to bottom of the frames indicating motion in the camera.

4. The image may have been caused by a lens aberration when the lens was exposed to direct sunlight.

- page 4 -

The image appears to be a scan of a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present on this page. The image contains some text, including the statement "Since contrails from high flying aircraft were apparent the loud oscillating sound could have been caused by the passing of the aircraft coincident with the appearance of the image" and a signature that appears to be "WILIAM PRICE, JR., Chief, AFCIN-4D4".

Output of OCR text:

Since contrails from high flying aircraft were apparent the loud oscillating sound could have been caused by the passing of the aircraft coincident with the appearance of the image.

WILLIAM PRICE, JR.
Chief, AFCIN-4D4

2 Atch

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with text-based information.

AFCIN-12
UFO Photographs (Mr. -------)
Captain John W. Flanthers (RIO)
Kineheloe Air Force Base, Michigan
1. On 5 May 1961, your office forwarded to ATIC a roll of 35 mm film taken by Mr. --------, Ontario, Canada. This roll of film had frames which showed some type of phenomena of which the witness could not determine its nature.
2. The ATIC conclusion is that the disc-like phenomena is shown on some of the frames and it is conceded that the lens was exposed to direct sunlight. The beeps which was heard by Mr. ----------------- could possibly have been a noise due to some disturbance.
3. Per your request the roll of 35 mm film is forwarded to your office in order that you can return it to Mr. ---------. 

1 Atch
Roll of 35 mm film

- page 6 -

