The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record card with various fields filled out, such as the date, location, type of observation, number of objects, conclusions, and a brief summary of the sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 20 May 60
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2005022 May 60
5. PHOTOS: None
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 mins
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Large white sphere, halo around it, object disappeared to the west or observer's view at high speed - about 1 second. Disappeared W or S, low in sky. Appeared to be descending.
11. COMMENTS:
It is believed that the object of this sighting probably reflects one, or a series of small, dim oscillating or oscillating points of light. If the object had a real solid form, the witness could not have observed it in the manner described. The speed at which the object disappeared would probably have precluded its being observed. It is believed the witness made a wrong estimate of the time elapsed.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed report form for an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

REPORT FORM FOR UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS
Place of Observation: Jaffrey, New Hampshire
Date: May 20, 1960
Time: 12:52 A.M. EST
Duration in which object was first seen: East of South. High in sky. 
Duration in which object was last seen: West of South - low in sky.
Length of time object was seen: Approx 1 minute
Apparent direction in which object travelled: Southwest, descending.
Did it change direction: No

General impression of sighting: Craft was plainly visible as it approached from the East and crossed the sky, disappearing rapidly in the West. It appeared to be a luminous or glowing object, reflecting light. It moved at a speed much more rapid than a plane, and at a high altitude, and its light was brighter and deeper gold colored than an airplane at night.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image:

Any the varied variations in brightness were - 
Did it explode, disintegrate, or suddenly vanish? No.
Did it trail or fall? No.
Did any sound accompany the object? No.
If sound followed later, give time interval: No.
Was it examined with binoculars or telescopes or photographed? No.
Any other remarks: I was definitely wide awake, for I had just looked at my watch & turned up to see what was happening, so dull and unexpressed as it may have been, I was thoroughly awake and my mind was in perfect working order. The object that I saw passed by so quickly that of the details of its shape or appearance I am entirely uncertain. It was gone almost as soon as I saw it, and left no impression on my senses except that of a bright flash in the night sky which went by so swiftly that I could only say that there was a white or silvery object of some sort which vanished from sight.
Address: Jeffrey Center, New Hampshire.
I reported this verbally by telephone May 23, 1960, but this was only about my reaction. This was a pretty casual report. Regards, (Signature) Aug. 12/60.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a scanned document, specifically a letter dated July 26, 1960, addressed to a recipient in New Hampshire. The letter is from an individual named William W. McCurdy, who is described as the "Public Information" for some organization. The letter states that the organization has not been able to determine the nature of the observation being reported, and therefore cannot provide any further correspondence regarding this matter. The letter also thanks the recipient for their time and interest, and requests that they do not discuss this matter with anyone else.

July 26, 1960
New Hampshire

Dear:
We have not been able to determine the nature
of your observation, and are therefore
forwarding your report for
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright - Patterson Air Force Base.

Any further correspondence regarding this matter
should be sent to them.

Thank you very much for your time and interest,
and please do not discuss this with anyone else.

Respectfully,
William W. McCurdy
Public Information

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO analysis sheet.

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET
Location: JAFFREY CENTER, NEW HAMPSHIRE
Date (Local): 20 MAR 58
Hour (Local): 2155
Satellite: (Det 5 ATIC, Ext 3279)
Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc.): 
Radar Analysis (AFCIN-4E2): 
Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc.): PASSING CLEAR SKY
Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc.: PASSING TRACKED AT GROUND CONTROL
Evaluation of Source Reliability: REASONABLE
Analysis and Conclusions: IT IS SUSPECTED THAT THIS REPORT DESCRIBES AN AIRCRAFT OF THE SAME TYPE AS SEEN ON OTHER OCCASIONS IN THIS AREA OF NEW HAMPSHIRE. AIRCRAFT ACTIVITY IN THE AREA IS NORMAL. FURTHER INQUIRY DOES NOT SEEM WARRANTED AT THIS TIME.

- page 5 -

