GEISINGER, Dorothy

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
26 May 60

2. LOCATION
Naples, New York

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1700
GMT 26/2002

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual
[X] Binoculars
[X] Ground-Radar
[X] Air-Visual
[X] Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
[X] No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 min 50 sec

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
four

9. COURSE
V

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Fishbowl-like sphere with glassy appearance, traveling with a sort of tumbling motion. Beneath this sphere, there appeared a small distance ahead, also glinting and gleaming in the sun, another and smaller sphere. After the passing of a small plane and with the aid of binoculars, witness observed two more smaller spheres which seemed to revolve down and drop into a vineyard.

11. COMMENTS
There were apparently no other witnesses to the sighting, therefore, this report is categorized insufficient data.

12. CONCLUSIONS
[X] Was Balloon
[X] Probably Balloon
[X] Possibly Balloon
[X] Was Aircraft
[X] Probably Aircraft
[X] Possibly Aircraft
[X] Was Astronomical
[X] Probably Astronomical
[X] Possibly Astronomical
[X] Other
[X] Insufficient Data for Evaluation
[X] Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)

- page 1 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6

- page 2 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: 14 July 1960
Old Star Trailer 1944

Sitting by picture window looking down (about 2 hrs after or so) watching of my husband & some time at home. Time about 4:38 to 5:30 p.m. I saw muggy, very sunny, heavy wind.
Looked up, saw two "fish hooks" nudging toward me, about 1/2 size, translucent volleyball, usually or below. Came to me through N to S, wind heavy, from E to W - looked the same through testily sized translucent, could not draw and several the same. Seemed "guided", or this charged from passing plane perhaps or self-propelled. Whatever happened to them, seems and things are they acceded to work in outer space?

It seemed possible, tho that such a plastic, projected sphere could be used in a grim warfare project by some of our scientific friendly chemists. On further delightful thought - if well told George of amphibious mosquito, etc. - virus - made to place which now it might harmless earth, could not use this stuff inside, could germinate. Think about it, and let me know - how well you slip, right (or are all...)

- page 3 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Thinking in terms of watching car 25 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [No distance provided]

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted] Naples, City New York, USA
TELEPHONE NUMBER: Naples [Redacted]

What is your present job? None Stored, Exposure Unit
Occupation? Unit Technician, class A
Age: 20 Sex: Female, Private

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school ✓
b. High school ✓ years level
c. College ✓ years
d. Post graduate NYR (Special)
e.e. Technical school Wife
f. Other special training Washington Business Institute for Scientific Studies, Journalism of Advertising, Tele Correspondence, NYR; Typing/Shorthand classes in High School, almost 2 yrs

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 14 July 1960

- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 10

We are aware, and think seriously, about the possibility of the use of the Heavens by our enemies to our Country. There for it seemed wise to report all things, to the proper officials.

We can mean trouble, for instance, we call to fence our judgement - can give truth, in Midland, at the time we put, on the level. We could see some small to keep a watch tower on our skill - where the Heavens can be observed for miles.

We really mean it. The Government should have a Post in this field, for sky watching. You are welcome to use a portion of our land, for such a purpose. What August we are remarkably things - or used to. No, there is mind, boy - so am I _______ . The things my husband and I see, are not stimulated by well - not those people _______ . Funny thing - USA has 5 million alcoholics, but 2 had to be the only person around twice who JEFF am a try. I sometimes wonder...... o well.

Sorry about the _______ "but this world need to have a little fun in it just out ten, to make tensions, even in serious matters, such as these matters of which I write. Certainly, many respectable folk have never seen things - (besides little orphan

- page 5 -

Department of Radio and Television
New York 1, New York                                                                 27 May 1960
                                                                                     Naples, N.Y.

Security Chief
The Pentagon
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

On Thursday 26 May, while sitting at my picture window at our small farm home, I heard the noise of a heavy plane passing aloft. The hour was about five p.m.

In about something like five minutes or thereabouts, I observed, moving towards us, over the Naples Gorge, what appeared to be a fish-bowl-like sphere, except that it had a glassy appearance. It came towards our side of the Gorge, with a sort of apparent tumbling motion. Beneath this a sphere, there appeared, some small distance ahead, also glinting and gleaming in the sun, another and a smaller sphere. Something about this unusual sort of apparition alerted me, and I looked my field glasses, to look for more.

Going outside, I looked in vain for the spheres. None were in sight.

Due to a bright sun, I felt perhaps they would not be visible anyway, as they were moving toward the sun.

Soon, a small plane, seeming to my untutored eye to be a private sea-plane (someone on Canandaigua Lake used to own one) moved over our area. Within a few moments, the small plane having passed very close to Earth, I observed again, two small spheres, much the size of an orange. These seemed to sort of revolve down, into the old vineyard. Not moving on the wind.

Thereafter the wind came up, and seemingly pushed (by the wind) appeared two sort of flat, shiny things, which dropped into the vineyard. My feeling was, that whatever they were, they were developed to diminish in size, or, to disappear either with heat, or with the dampness of the ground. I wondered if they could contain harmful spores, or even of ages of some harmful insects. In any event, it seems proper as a loyal citizen, to report these findings to authorities.

This I have done. I am wondering, however, if gasoline used by planes, could color, or cold, or such spheres, which disappear when closer to the Earth.

There is no need to inform anyone in the Pentagon. In these troubled times of stress, tension, we must all be on guard on behalf of our Country.

[Signature appears to be "Exhaust" at bottom of document]

- page 6 -

01-34/T-ker/kd/72291

1 July 1960

Dear [redacted]

This is to acknowledge your recent letter regarding the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

Your letter contains insufficient information for a valid conclusion. Therefore, request that you complete the attached Air Force Questionnaire in regard to the sighting and forward the completed paper to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. PACKER
Lt. Col., USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Inclosure

Mrs. [redacted]
Naples, N. Y.

p1-34 comeback
0-1 reader

- page 7 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. You name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information to help us, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 9 last nite with delta

2. Time of day: 11:30
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
               b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: [Blacked out]
City or Town: Naples     State or Country: New York

5. Estimate how long you saw the object: 
Hours: one   Minutes: 50   Seconds: 

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain   b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure   d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight   b. Dull daylight   c. Bright twilight   d. Just a trace of daylight   e. No trace of daylight   f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   b. In back of you   c. To your right   d. To your left   e. Overhead   f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)

- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 9

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One)   a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF IT was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other — No-not such a brightness no such light

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know   IF you answered YES, then tell what
I moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):   a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

f. Binoculars   Yes   No
g. Telescope   Yes   No
h. Theodolite   Yes   No
i. Other (else when I went out of doors)

- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: None
    b. Color: Like a fish bowl, a plastic transparent whitish-hall.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

    No wings, protrusions, or heat trails or vapor trails.
    It moved East to West, a large one about size of volley ball, smaller one, little larger than a basketball.

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                 b. Like a bright star
                 c. Sharply outlined
                 d. Don't remember

    Other: None of these characteristics.
    Just a transparent fish-bowl-like or two moving hard. Can't be sure.

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 4

    Two came toward me, as large plane thundered by.
    Two, later, after small airplane passed, moved out from the air.
    N. to South, appeared lifted, tumbling, fell away down into
    sighted vanished, for below.

- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Can't they Came Toward me.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

m.p.h. or ft.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One): a. Head of a pin   g. Silver dollar
                b. Pea             h. Baseball
                c. Dime            i. Grapefruit
                d. Nickel          j. Basketball
                e. Quarter         k. Other: Volleyball
                f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
        a. Certain
        b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure
                            d. Uncertain

23. How did the object/objects disappear from view?
    Faded out Slowly Vanished

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. What type material would you make it up? (How large would it be, and what shape would it have?) Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

1- Plastic, hard, translucent
2- Size large round volleyball
3- Translucent volley ball, or plastic, round, translucent, soft & hard.

- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

Living room

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying near a city?
f. Flying over a city?
g. Flying over open countryside?
h. Other (Specify) Near home countryside

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Sitting by picture window looking from a Main Road, watching for my two boats & cars. 
Long distance. We were a new of many miles around. Cloudy, we saw some 
time. When you show path it had apparently near other nearby. Following measured.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour

28.3 Did you stop of any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
[Handwritten text: I just three dots on a paper, and can't tell if they matter. I was after the Summit meeting - I think, only a lay man. I remember Mrs. K. was quite nosy; everyone was looking for a Communist under their bed, as most of us felt there are too many running around the U.S.]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes [ ] No [X]
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes [ ] No [ ]
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes [ ] No [X]
37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Handwritten text partially illegible, mentions something about 1953 and colored objects at night over Naples, large post, buildings, etc.]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? [Handwritten response discusses uncertainty, mentions being shocked, discussing with others, and planning to write a book about the experience]

- page 13 -

