The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a document used to record details of UFO sightings.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 25 Aug 60
2. LOCATION: Uniontown, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1525
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 min
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: two
8. COURSE: Civilian
9. CONCLUSIONS: Probably high flying A/C with reflection of the run and atmosphere. Insufficient Data for Evaluation

- page 1 -

The image contains two sketches or drawings depicting the sighting of an object in the sky. The first sketch shows the object viewed from below, describing it as "looking up at object - oval, red, metallic, with a halo around main body." The second sketch shows the object moving sideways, with the description "looking sideways at object as it went into N.W. sky." There is no photograph present in this image.

The text output from the document is as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound
b. Color - metallic, red shimmering, halo around main body
17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Looking up at object
oval, red, metallic, with a halo around main body
Looking sideways at object as it went into N.W. sky
18. The edges of the object were:
a. (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred 
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Two
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
NORTH
---------4 persons--------SOUTH
watching

- page 2 -

The image contains a photograph or illustration depicting a sketch or drawing, but no photograph. The text in the document is as follows:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar? Half dollar

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head? If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? That's the angle. Wooden match

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? yes, it faded to nothing.

24. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you observed. Looking up in the sky they looked rather like, or appeared as the sun moving through hazy clouds, or as a lighted street lamp or traffic signal through morning fog. That's the best description I can give.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document, likely a UFO report or sighting form, with various questions and text responses filled in.

The text from the document is as follows:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One): 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car 
c. Outside (type) 
d. In an airplane 
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/day?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
(Described visual sighting and heard jet engine sound)

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): 
a. North
b. Northeast 
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South 
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) 
Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. West
b. Northwest
c. North
d. Northeast
e. East
f. Southeast
g. South
h. Southwest 
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. West
b. Northwest
c. North 
d. Northeast
e. East
f. Southeast
g. South
h. Southwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (similar to compass direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation):
31.1 From true North / degrees.
31.2 From horizon ______ degrees.

32. When it disappeared:
a. From view 32o degrees.
b. From horizon 320o degrees.

- page 4 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line with an "A" marked on it, and the second sketch shows two larger sketches labeled "A" and "B", depicting different views of an unidentified object in the sky.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
To: August 1946 Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes No

35.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses: Uniontown, Ohio

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One): Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
A starting light didn't move but went straight down - a very bright object that seemed to be self-luminous and was diamond-shaped. It was quite hovering - very high and at some distance at a high rate of speed. I tried to attract attention as some other persons appeared to be outdoors at the time. The light seemed to be unusual and very high to the right of the observer's house.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _______________

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _________ feet or ___________ miles

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:                 Last Name  First Name  Middle Name
ADDRESS:           Street                      City, County, State  Zip Code
TELEPHONE NUMBER:
Age: 36 Sex: F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
Married, 3 children. Master's degree in History. Freelance writer. 
My observation of group leaders. Could describe as friendly and concerned, but firm in their convictions. I am interested in any information their leaders can provide.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9    19  Month 1960

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with handwritten text.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)
In order that your information may be filed and acted on as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write our a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-peat any information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, sketches, etc. Please check that your belief concerning the details of the observation is the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached.

NAME: Mrs. ******* (Please Print)
SIGNATURE: M.*******
DATE: 8 JAN 1962

The object in the background and foreground which were noted at a low flying aircraft with three bright lights and appeared to be approximately 60 feet in diameter. They moved together about 1000 feet off the ground and then disappeared in a straight path. They appeared and then vanished in a straight line and not zigzag. I would so in a straight path and then I notice a second one in the same area as the first one together. There were no sounds heard.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text.

Could see the outline of a reflected light, but could not see it plain, and it appeared to move or flutter, and sparked.

They were away from road, and out in the middle of field. They never got out of the car.

There were three persons in the car. (2) They were investigating this lights betwene 8:30 and 9:30 PM and it lasted about 30 minutes.

They were clear with me and not trying to make any thing out of it, and seemed sincere.

They reserved  59 pages report, and any pictures they may have. Take your time. Of course, the total appearance was rather, how shall I say, disquiet.

The best explanation I can give is just a natural phenomena, but one has to admit that it was most peculiar and that they were not a little perplex. Thomas may have more.

- page 9 -

The image contains a photograph showing a spherical diagram or plot, likely depicting information related to a UFO sighting or investigation. The diagram appears to be a navigational or radar plot, with various gridlines, coordinates, and annotations. There is text at the bottom of the image that describes the objects shown, indicating that the first object is "red" and the second object is "blue".

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

90* ZENITH
0
180
135 SE
90 E
45 NE
1st object (red ink)
2nd object (blue ink)

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document.

Dear Sir,
The report of sighting is submitted herewith. On Tuesday, August 2, 1960 at 3:45 P.M., the witness, who will remain anonymous, observed an object in the sky near Uniontown, Ohio.
The object was described as being about 40 to 50 feet in diameter, spherical in shape, and a metallic color. It appeared to be in a stationary position at an estimated altitude of 2,000 to 3,000 feet. The witness observed the object for about 5 minutes and stated that it suddenly disappeared. No sound was heard.
The witness, who has been questioned thoroughly, appears to be a reliable person. There were no other witnesses to this sighting.
Additional information is requested if you desire any further details.
Sincerely yours,

- page 11 -

This image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text on a document. As an OCR system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

Yours truly
Sr.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Dear Mrs. *****, 

This is to acknowledge your letter of 31 August 1960 concerning the sighting by you and three children of an unidentified flying object on 22 August.

Your letter contained insufficient information for a valid evaluation. Therefore, will you please fill out the enclosed document to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio for their evaluation and analysis?

Sincerely,
LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Office of Information

Enclosure
Mrs. *****
Uniontown, Ohio

Coreback OI-34
Reader OT-1

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Aug. 6, 1960
Witnessed by
Mrs. Carrie Laity, Secy.
Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson AFB, O.
SUBJECT: 
Sighting report
Location: Uniontown, Ohio
Date: August 5, 1960
Time: Approx. 3:45 a.m.
Witness: Carl Higgens, witness
Description:
Mr. Higgens was awakened by a bright light out of his window. He looked out and saw a round glowing object, about 50 feet in diameter, moving very slowly, almost hovering, at about 500 feet altitude. It made no sound and was traveling in a south to north direction. After observing it for about 3 minutes, it suddenly shot straight up at a very high speed and disappeared from sight. The sighting lasted about 3 minutes.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a handwritten document or report. I will now proceed to extract all the text from the document:

As this report now I am certainly convincing in my attempt at writing a report on the incident occurring.  It seems that a luminous object was seen by me this evening.  It appeared very suddenly, and almost instantly disappeared.  It had no apparent color, but seemed very bright, and was quite sufficient to illuminate the area around for a short time.  I was unable to see any shape or form, but there was no doubt that it was not an ordinary phenomenon.  We live in a rural area, and it is not often that such an incident occurs.  It went through the sky in a horizontal path, and with great speed.  I am quite convinced that this was not an airplane, nor any other known type of aircraft.

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in the shared image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Output of the text found in the document:

APO 8H-1222 
CPO SIGHTING

SAPOL-3d (z/eo tasker)

It is suggested that two questionnaires be forwarded to mrs ---- for ccomepltion by Mr and one of the other witnesses. 

FOR THIS COMMANDER:

PHILIP D. EVANS 
CAPTAIN, USAF
OPERATOR, DEFENSE and Components
Cy ltr 31 Aug 60 ltr ----

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a form used to collect information about unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This form is provided for your use in recording any pertinent information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer the questions as fully as you can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 325 AUGUST 1960
2. Time of day: 3:45 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? OVER UNIONTOWN, OHIO
5. How long was the object in sight? - Minutes - Seconds
5.1 How was the time in sight determined? MY ESTIMATE
6. Fairly certain Just a guess
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Directly overhead f. Don't remember

This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.

- page 17 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The page contains a questionnaire or report form with several questions and response options related to observing an unidentified object at night.

The document text is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. As a light, b. Shiny, c. Dark, d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes/No/Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes/No/Don't Know
c. Break into parts or explode? Yes/No/Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes/No/Don't Know
e. Change shape? Yes/No/Don't Know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes/No/Don't Know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes/No/Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes/No/Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes/No/Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following: a. Binoculars, b. Sunglasses, c. Windshield, d. Window glass, e. Telescope, f. Theodolite, g. Other.

- page 18 -

