PAN AMERICAN WORLD AIRWAYS PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
24 Jun 60

2. LOCATION
Vicinity Ascension Island

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 233k
GMT 25/003kz

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual [ ] Ground-Radar
[X] Air-Visual [ ] Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
[X] No
[ ] Yes

6. SOURCE
Military and Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 sec

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
—

12. CONCLUSIONS
[ ] Was Balloon
[ ] Probably Balloon
[ ] Possibly Balloon
[ ] Was Aircraft
[ ] Probably Aircraft
[ ] Possibly Aircraft
[ ] Was Astronomical
[ ] Probably Astronomical
[ ] Possibly Astronomical
[X] Other
[ ] Insufficient Data for Evaluation
[ ] Unknown

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Bright surface flare was observed in immediate vicinity of recovery operation during Test 1802. Witnesses at sea level at first thought this to be a/c flare. Crew of one plane thought other plane had dropped it. Questioning of both a/c crews later confirmed that neither a/c had dropped any object at any time during test.

11. COMMENTS
No positive conclusion regarding the identity of this object can be reached with the available data. The object was a flare of some type; source, or origin, remains unidentified.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)

- page 1 -

The attached made interesting reading.

In answer to your questions the following is submitted:

Sea State 04 - defines a moderately rough seascape maximum height of waves 4 to 8 feet.

05 - rough seas near maximum height of waves 8 to 13 feet.

Comcnt: I question the estimates. The cloud cover and haze reported do not exist with this sea state which is generated by a pretty fair wind. A small boat would have a rather sticky time in either of these sea states.

ORV Operations Range Vessel

SOL Ships Operation Marker

"SONAR event" - underwater explosives are dropped by the recovery vehicle to provide Navy SONAR stations with signal for determining (or confirming) location of event.

WHISKY - Code name for the ship operating at this particular station

OSP - no explanation in any of the tech papers. Apparently it is the Operations Station Point for Whisky or event. It may also be the Ops. sighting point base for reference.

- page 2 -

Ltc Hq AF Missile Test Center (MTGRY), 27 Jul 60, Rpt of Unidentified Surface Sighting

2nd Ind (AFOIN-2)

To: AFGIN-4

Forwarded for your information.

1 Atch
n/c

Incl RICHARD B. HIBBERT
Colonel, USAF
AFGIN-2

26 SEP 1960

2

- page 3 -

HEADQUARTERS
AIR FORCE MISSILE TEST CENTER
AIR RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
PATRICK AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: MGRY
SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Surface Sighting                                   27 Jul 1960

TO: Hq ARDC (RDYIC)
     Wash 25 DC

1. The attached file on a sighting in the Ascension Island recovery
area is forwarded for your information. Because the report was not
received in this Branch until 27 July 1960, no further action could be
taken to identify the source of the light. Corrective measures have
been taken to insure prompt reporting of future incidents.

2. A copy of this file has been turned over to the Naval Ordnance Test
Unit here for onward transmission through their channels.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

OSCAR G. BRIDGEMAN/Jr.
Captain, USAF
Chief, Technical Information and
Intelligence Branch                                                 Atch a/s

1st Ind (RDYIC)                                                     6 September 1960

Hq ARDC, Andrews AFB, Wash 25 DC

TO: Hq USAF (AFCIN), Wash 25 DC

For your information.

FOR THE COMMANDER

LAWRENCE C. SHERMAN
Colonel, USAF
Director of Intelligence Support
DCS/Intelligence                                                    1 Atch
                                                                    Ltr, Pan American World
                                                                    Airways, Inc, 26 Jul 60,
                                                                    Unidentified Surface Flare
                                                                    Light Sighted During Test
                                                                    1802 Recovery w/4 Atch

- page 4 -

Log No. 64A-4130-12

Commander
Air Force Missile Test Center
Patrick Air Force Base, Florida

ATTN: Down Range Affairs Office
(MTGRY) UL7-2550

SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED SURFACE FLARE LIGHT
SIGHTED DURING TEST 1802 RECOVERY

Dear Sir:

A bright surface flare was observed in the immediate vicinity of the recovery operation during Test 1802. This flare persisted for approximately 10 seconds.

Range Contractor personnel at first thought this light to be an aircraft flare dropped to illuminate the recovery area and consequently made no effort to photograph this light. By the time the Ship Operations Manager had confirmed the fact that none of the aircraft had dropped a flare, it was too late to attempt to photograph it.

- page 5 -

Page two
Log No. 61A-4130-12

Personnel engaged in the recovery operation were unable to identify the light or its source. Statements describing what was seen by eye witnesses are herewith attached for your information and further pursuance.

Very truly yours,
PAN AMERICAN WORLD AIRWAYS, INC.

Operations Manager

DHT/ccr
Encl. -4

- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

TO:   Manager, Operations Planning
       GMRD
       PAPS

DATE: 28 June 1960

SUBJ: INCIDENT REPORT: FLARE LIGHT SIGHTED DURING DATA CASSETTE
       RECOVERY, TEST 1802

REF:  Test 1802

During actual recovery of the data cassette on Test 1802 a bright flare-like
light was observed by various personnel stationed aboard the A/C, ORV, and
the small recovery boat. Statements by observers who sighted the flare light
are attached.

The undersigned was aboard ORV WHISKEY as observer and advisor for Test 1802.
The following statement is submitted concerning my observations from the small
boat at the time of sighting.

"Missile impact occurred at approximately 25/0032hz. The data cassette blinking
light was first sighted from ORV WHISKEY at approximately 25/0152 at a range
of 4 NM bearing 192 deg. from true OSN. The vessel proceeded immediately
toward the flashing light. The aircraft reported sighting the strobe light
shortly after and was orbiting the data cassette awaiting the arrival of the
ORV.

"At approximately 0145Z the ORV approached to within 1 NM of the blinking
light. The vessel was stopped, and the small recovery boat was launched with
the recovery crew, RCA photographer, and test observer.

"The small boat proceeded slowly in sea state 04 toward the blinking light.
The blinking light was not observed directly from the small boat because of
wave action and distance from Data Cassette. The light appeared as a blinking
glow. Half way toward the Data Cassette the small boat members and myself
observed a steady bright glow appearing 100 yards from the direction of the
data cassette. As the small boat closed to within 300 to 500 yards of cassette
(now within line of sight) the flare light disappeared. The light was white or
yellowish and appeared to radiate in a 360 deg. circle rather than a directional
pattern. Its glow was of constant intensity during its entire observed duration.

"The small boat approached the data cassette, and retrieval was completed by
25/0213z. A SOFAR event was coordinated with Station 12 at point of pickup.

"The SOM aboard WHISKEY was below deck maintaining communications at the time of
data cassette pickup.

"It has been established by written statements received from the A/C Commander
and vessel personnel, that the aircraft did not release a flare, and that the
light's origin was from other than test participants."

Recovery Specialist

- page 7 -

TO: [Redacted]
FROM: [Redacted]
DATE: 16 June 1960
SUBJ: LIGHT SIGHTED DURING TEST 1962 RECOVERY
REF: Recovery from 1962

At approximately 0330, 15 June 1964, while standing on the main deck forward of the starboard side, I first observed two hundred yards from the source. This additional light was not flashing like the terrain light of a caution. And what appeared to be of this.

[Note: Some text appears to be partially illegible or cut off in the image]

- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Ascension Island
28 June 1960

Operations Planning

Dear Sir:

In answer to your letter of 28 June 1960 regarding an unidentified flare of light observed during Test 1802, I would like to state briefly what I saw while photographing the recovery.

While I was setting up for pictures of the small boat lowering, I saw this flare of light which to me looked like a flare had been dropped from an Aircraft. This light was stronger than the blue-white intermittant flash on the strobe on the cassette. It was warmer and yellowish in color. It was back of the cassette and about 25 degrees off the starboard bow as we approached. The cassette at this time was clearly visible about 14 degrees off the Starboard Beam but seemed in the same line or distance from the shop.

I was with the first Mate of the Ship at the time and I mentioned it to him and said that the A/c flare was dying out, that the cassette light was still visible for the recovery.

I thought nothing more of this, as I expected this was routine for recovery, and went ahead and shot pix of the recovery.

Small diagram of position I sighted the flare-----------

Sincerely yours,
RCA Photographer

Encl: #3

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page]
Note CA = 66f
Length to orbit = 24f
Inst & Horiz = 3deg var
= Pitch deg

- page 9 -

I was copilot of Silver One flying at 3500' MSL. Silver Two was at 2000' MSL and had reported visual contact with the cassette. Weather was overcast with base and sea state of 05. The pilot and I could see Silver Two's running lights and proceeded to position our A/C above him and in orbit around the cassette. At this time (approx T/4 60) a bright light appeared. On an overcast night over the ocean in a turning A/C it is practically impossible to estimate altitude. However I concluded that the light was not farther than 100 yards from the cassette and either on the surface or very near the surface. No waves appeared to break over the light; therefore the light must have been a few feet above water surface. The light intensely was approximately the same as that of a parachute flare but did not appear to be emitting smoke. The light burned for approximately 10 seconds. I immediately called the other A/C to determine whether he had dropped any flares. A negative reply was received. Questioning of both A/C crews later confirmed that neither A/C had dropped any object at any time during the test.

Captain                 USAF

Encl. #4

- page 10 -

My Friend                                                12 Oct 60

- This appears to have been practiced
on a UFO basis rather than any other

1- Evaluate this. What was this
flow.

2- Determine who would prefer
most from use of your findings

3- Determine whether any
lesson to be learned & by
whom

4- What protection if any
against unauthorized collection
of information is recommended

- page 11 -

