There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from Project Blue Book, which is a form used to document UFO sightings.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 25 Jun 60
2. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2100
3. LOCATION: Long Island Sound, New York
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 20 Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes 
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 6-8 min
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
8. COURSE: S-NE tpg S
9. CONCLUSIONS:
   Was Balloon: [Blank]
   Possibly Balloon: [Blank] 
   Was Aircraft: [Blank]
   Possibly Aircraft: [Blank]
   Was Astronomical: [Blank]
   Possibly Astronomical: [Blank]
   Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Star-like object with rapid speed, appeared to make a hairpin turn returning on same course. Seemed star-like in color with brightness of 1st magnitude star.
11. COMMENTS: Information is very limited in nature, however more probably a high flying a/c.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed letter with text from a Project Blue Book document.

September 14, 1960

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

We have not been able to determine the nature of your recent observation, and are therefore forwarding your report to:

Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base

Any further correspondence regarding this matter should be sent to them.

Thank you for your time and interest.

Respectfully,
[REDACTED]
CC: ATIC

- page 2 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report form for meteor observation.

REPORT FORM FOR METEOR OBSERVATION
Information marked * is vital.

* Place of observation: South of the Beacon, West Islip, L.I., (Long Island Sound, New York)
* Date: June 25, 1960
* Time: 9:18 PM
(Give time standard and whether a.m. or p.m.)
* Accuracy of time given above: 
(e.g. "exact", or "1 minute", or "5 minutes", etc.)
* Brightness (compared to stars, planets, moon or other useful standard source such as a street light at a certain distance): 
1/4 magnitude or less
Direction in which object was first seen:
(to N, or SE, or WNW, etc.) South, 4 1/2 point from east
* Length or time object was seen: 
6 - 8 mins approx.
* Apparent direction in which object travelled: 
(N-S, SW-NE, W-E, etc.) S to NE, returning to S
Did it change direction?
Yes; from a great distance it appeared to make a "hangin' general impression of angular speed, fading/gaining as it zigzagged; descending straight down, more rapid in final estimate (estimate unreliable)
Size and shape (if any): 
"Star-like" (if just like a star, say "star-like")
Man. like

- page 3 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a series of questions and handwritten responses.

OCR output:

Color: White
Did it explode, disintegrate, or suddenly vanish? No
Any tail or trail? No
Did any sound accompany the object? No
If sound followed later, give time interval: 
Was it examined with binoculars or telescopes or photographed? No
*Give position of trajectory for at least two points with regard to stars if possible: Unclear, no sketch
Any other remarks: Sighting by 3 adults and 3 children. We assumed it must have been a unusual natural phenomena. However the earth was clear and there was no noise though the sight was only for a short time. We thought perhaps it drifted off into the distance. Nothing unusual about the case data.

Name: XXXXXXXXXX
Address: [redacted]
Date: September 7, 1960

- page 4 -

