PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
9 May 60

2. LOCATION
Ottawa, Canada

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 0215
GMT 090715Z May 60

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not stated

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
zig-zag

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object observed as a light. Moving in one general direction but with spurts to one side or the other while remaining on a constant course. As light approached it passed through a cloud which gave it a "halo" effect. No sound. Information received in letter. Observed by civilian and member of Canadian Air Force.

11. COMMENTS
Suggests possible light refraction from fog and inversion. However witness called airport and no aircraft were in area at that time. Without additional information no conclusion can be reached.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
■ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)

- page 1 -

Dear Sir:

On Monday May 9, at approx. 2:15 A.M. while driving along the Ottawa River (East bound) I observed the following:

A light in the sky (which I first thought to be an aircraft landing light) was approaching from the east towards Rockcliffe airport. My attention was first drawn to the light when it suddenly made a short spurt sideways the car continued on then repeating this movement. I stopped the car and myself along with a member of the air force who was a passenger in my car got out and stood on the street to watch it.

When this object came closer it passed behind a cloud and when it did the light made a halo around the object. There was no sound at all and we stood there watching it until it disappeared out of sight. The light from the object was brighter than a star and the most remarkable thing about the object was the way it would dart sideways as it continued its course. The following morning I asked the control tower if any aircraft had been in the air at that time and I was told that there was not. I further checked with our local airlines and they also said that no flights had been in the vicinity. I spoke to one of our officers and he advised me to contact your office. I am employed by the National Defence Dept. R.C.A.F. Rockcliffe (Dept of Construction and Engineering) and I am quite familiar with aircraft in there movements and I am sure that the object in question was not an aircraft.

Having read considerable news reports about strange objects in the sky I have always been rather sceptical about such reports. If any explanation can be given for this sighting I would appreciate hearing from you at your earliest convenience.

I am including a rough drawing of just what course the object took and the appearance which may be of interest to you.

May I thank you in advance for any information you can give me in regards to this object.

Yours very truly,

Ottawa, Ontario

- page 2 -

AFR-LR2

UFO Sightings

SAMUL-34 (Maj Tacker)

Suggest standard UFO questionnaire be forwarded to the following:

[Redacted names]
Ottawa, Ontario

Copies of letters from these individuals are attached.
FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP O. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

8 June 60

3 Atchs
1. Cy ltr 21 May 60 fr
2. Cy ltr 31 May 60 fr
3. Cy ltr 14 May 60 fr
w/drawing

- page 3 -

Text found in the document:

Ottawa River

RCAF STATION
ROCKLIFFE

Driveway
We stopped here

Halo
Object

View while behind cloud

Path of
Object

N
W E
S

- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

10-34/Tacker/jt/72291

21 June 1960

Dear [redacted]

This is to acknowledge your recent letter regarding the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

Your letter contains insufficient information for a valid conclusion. Therefore, request you complete the attached Air Force Questionnaire in regard to the sighting and forward the completed paper to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Col., USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Enclosure

[Sender's address redacted]
Ottawa, Ontario

[Additional markings at bottom of page]
10-34 comeback
10-1 reader

- page 5 -

