PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
2,3,4,5 Oct 60

2. LOCATION
Paulding, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2030

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
□ Ground-Visual     □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual        □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
□ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
ONE

9. COURSE
---

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Very brilliant star observed in Eastern sky. Observed on 3 succeeding nights. Brilliant at times turning orange and red. Sudden disappear-ance with blacking out as though going away from the witness. Observed in WSW sky on last 3 nights.

11. COMMENTS
Request sent for questionnaire to be filled out, however they were not returned. From the information given it is concluded that the cause of the sighting was the planet Jupiter. The planet was in the general position given for the last 3 observation and the color changes were probably due to atmospheric refraction. On the dates of the sightings Jupiter had a magnitude of -1.4. Sirius (in the Eastern sky) was probably the cause of the initial sighting.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical Jupiter
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 164 (REV 23 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

October 5, 1960
Paulding, Ohio

To whom it may concern.-

Just sending who to report
this phenomena to see and
writing to you!

Sunday evening, October 2
quite by chance noticed
a very brilliant star in the
Eastern sky. Our neighbor called
us to look at it in his words -
"the most peculiar thing I
have ever seen." We watched
and - was a plane. learned from
the west - it disappeared.

Thursday evening, October 3 out
of curiosity we looked for it.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

again, was moving in
its north western sky, there
it was. Brilliant, at times
turning orange or red with some
appearance of shape and
quite sudden type. Sunday
Oct. 4 - again between 8:38
and 9:00 of appeared low in
the north western sky with
the appearance of P.S. time
that it was moving directly
even from west. Suddenly
Markut Imigt Oct 50
it appeared again about the same
time in the west south west
sky high. It is cloudy tonight
and with stars in the sky.

What is it? We and this
our might have seen
it. Sunday evening very low
west patient is coming


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Home from Detroit several
miles from Paulding. We called
37 th the attention of Sheriff
my husband, daughter,
and in town saw it.

Is there any explanation?
As it they were it?
Would appreciate if you
filing me in if you know
heard anything about this.

Thank you for your time.
Yours sincerely,

[Bottom of page]
PB*
Paulding, Ohio


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

SAFOI-34/tcol Tucker/mda/72291

24 October 1960

Dear Mrs. [redacted]:

This will acknowledge your letter of 5 October 1960 concerning one unidentified flying object sightings on the evenings of 2 through 5 October 1960.

Your letter contained insufficient information for a valid conclusion. Therefore, we ask that you and others who saw the object will fill out Air Force questionnaires and forward the completed documents to the Commanding, Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio for their analysis and evaluation.

From the limited information contained in your letter, it is possible that the cause of the sightings on 3, 4 and 5 October was probably unidentified reaction of the planet Jupiter. The planet was at a position which corresponded to the general position of the object you described. On the dates of the sightings, the planet had a magnitude of -1.7, approximately four times brighter than any star except Sirius; however, this star was not visible from your location until about 0150 on 2 to 5 October, and then would have been in the western sky.

Would you please make an additional attempt to view the object and to obtain photographs to be forwarded with the questionnaires?

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TUCKER
Maj. USAFR, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Paulding, Ohio

Endorsement 01-24
Reader 01-1


- page 5 -

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting (Neg)

TO: SAFOI-3 (L/Col Tucker)

1. Reference copy of attached letter to the Air Force from Mrs. [redacted], dated 5 October 1960.

2. This letter does not contain sufficient information concerning the sightings to allow a valid conclusion. It is suggested that your office forward several copies of ATIC Form #164, dated February 1960, to Mrs [redacted] for completion by her and her friends.

3. The limited information contained in the report indicates that the cause of the sighting on 3 October 1960 was probably atmospheric refraction of the planet Jupiter. The planet was probably positioned by the witness in a general position of the object described. On the dates of 2 and 3 October the planet had a magnitude of -1.7, approximately four times brighter than any star except Sirius, however, this star was not visible from the location until about 0130 on 2 to 3 October 1960, and then would have been in the eastern sky.

4. Request the witness make an additional attempt to view the object and to obtain photographs to be forwarded with the questionnaire.

5. The address of the witness is as follows:
[redacted]
Paulding, Ohio

[Signature of Colonel, USAF]
Deputy for Science and Components

10 OCT 1960

1 Atch
Cy Air 5 Oct 60 Fr Neg


- page 6 -

October 5, 1960
Paulding, Ohio

To Whom It may Concern:-

Not knowing who to report this phenomena to we are writing to you!

Sunday evening October 2 quite by chance we noticed a very brilliant star in the Eastern sky. Our neighbor called us to look at it. In our words - "The most fantastic thing I have ever seen." It was so bright and a plane case from the west - it disappeared. Monday evening October 3 out of curiosity we looked for it again, sure enough in the south western sky there it was. Brilliant, at times turning orange or red with strange appearance of shape and all of sudden gone!

Tuesday October 4 - again between 8:30 and 9:00 it appeared low in the north western sky with the appearance after a time that it was moving directly gray from no and suddenly blackout. Incident October 5 it appeared again about the same time in the west. Bright red sky high. It is cloudy tonight no other stars in the sky!

What is it? Mr and Mrs [REDACTED] our neighbors have seen it. Sunday evening, my boss, [REDACTED] noticed it coming home from Detroit several miles from Paulding, we called it to the attention of Sheriff [REDACTED] by phone, daughter and in-laws saw it.

Is there an explanation? Or is it too secret?

Would appreciate your filling us in if you have heard anything about this.

Thank you for your time.

Most sincerely,
/s/ [REDACTED]
Paulding, Ohio

C
O
P
Y


- page 7 -

