The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record card that contains text information about a UFO sighting, but no visual image.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 11-8-60
2. LOCATION: Christiansburg, Ohio
3. SHAPE: Circular
4. DURATION: 10-15 seconds
5. NO. OF OBJECTS: 1
6. DISTANCE: 1 mile
7. COURSE & SPEED OF SIGHTING: Normal, ovate-shaped object, suddenly appearing at high rate of speed, and passing out of sight in a circular direction.
8. CONCLUSIONS: Probably Aircraft, Possibly Satellite, Probable Astronomical

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image shows a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which appears to be a form used to gather information about UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please be as precise as possible in answering the questions. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conversations, or publications without your permission. Your anonymity will be preserved if you so desire.

1. When did you see the object? Month Year Day
2. Time of day: (Circle One) A. Morning B. Afternoon C. Evening D. Night
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) A. Eastern B. Central C. Mountain D. Pacific E. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Street or Rural Address City or Town State or Country
5. How long was the object in sight? Hours Minutes Seconds
6. How was time in sight determined? A. Certain B. Fairly certain C. Not very sure D. Just a guess
7. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT A. Clear B. Bright C. Hazy A. Clear B. Cloudy C. Hazy
8. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) A. In front of you B. Behind you C. To your left D. To your right E. Overhead F. Don't remember

ATC Form 164 This form supersedes ATC Form 164 13 OCT 44

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, likely containing a questionnaire or interview form.

OCR Text Output:
8. If you saw, in the sky at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. Stars only
b. A few
c. Hazy
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
a. As a light, b. Shiny, c. Dark, d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star?

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and/or slow away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
IF YOU ANSWERED YES, then tell what:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
IF YOU ANSWERED YES, then tell what:

14. Did the object appear: a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses, b. Sun glasses, c. Binoculars, d. Telescope, e. Windshield, f. Window glass, g. Other

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire with questions about the visual characteristics of an observed object, such as its shape, color, and motion. The text on the form requests the observer to draw a picture that will show the shape of the object and indicate the direction it was moving.

Text transcribed from the image:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color
17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object (such as wings, portholes, exhaust, etc.) and especially show the direction the object was moving. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
18. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One): (a) Fuzzy or blurred (b) Sharply outlined (c) Other (d) Don't remember
19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document with text questions and blank spaces for responses.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion of the object or object made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, as a "0" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or one's length in line with the known object and answer how much of the object is covered by the match. If you find this question difficult, describe the appearance or the size of the object.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a project Blue Book report or document.

Text in the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Building or building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. At business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near on airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? _______miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop or slow down at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One) 
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Overhead

31. If you were traveling in any direction (consider your initial direction), give the number of degrees the object was from two North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: 
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees. 
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire filled out by a witness.

35. Were and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Local law enforcement 

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No 

26.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[No response provided]

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Redacted]

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF your answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ______________

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF your answered Yes, then how far away would you say it was? ______________

41. Please fill in the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
LAST NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
[No additional information provided]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day: 21
Month: Sep
Year: 1960

- page 8 -

