PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
25 May 60

2. LOCATION
North Miami, Florida

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 2235
GMT: 26/0335Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 hr 4 20-30 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
SE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
A very bright light, much brighter than the surrounding stars, was seen to move up and down a few inches, and was changing colors of greenish silvery, reddish orange, and yellow. The light appeared to be at a very high altitude, but between the stars and observer.

11. COMMENTS
The planet Jupiter was ESE at the time of the observation, and was close to the earth at the time. Movement reported was probably due to atmospheric conditions.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Probably Astronomical
Was Astronomical Jupiter
Probably Astronomical
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 59)

- page 1 -

Its general appearance was the same as a star, no outline was visible at such a distance only its light was visible to the naked eye. Its light however was much brighter than any star in its vicinity and seemed to glow with a steady intensity rather than to twinkle as most stars appear to do. When it moved it seemed to be another "Rocket Shoot" from Cape Canaveral, Florida such as we have observed before ( however on these previous occasions when the launchings were announced, they always appeared to be much further to the North, lower, with a decided exhaust or tail and they glowed orange and yellow. ) By daughter whom I had summoned also argued it to be a rocket test at first, however upon calling local Newspapers and T.V. Stations, and not receiving any information she called the local Civil Defense offices to inquire ( Civil Defense by the way did not answer ) and then decided we had better call the local Airforce Base, to inform them and inquire at the same time.

At 11:00 P.M. still under the impression that it might be a rocket in orbit we called our next door neighbors. ( See attached Statement from them please. )

After approximately an hour and a half of observation it appeared to become fixed in its position or course. It was much higher than a plane yet definitely not as far away as the stars. We heard no sound, however due to its great altitude, I doubt we could have heard any sound even if there had been any.

The night was a clear and bright one; my daughter and I both enjoy excellent vision; and this strongest traverse either of us had enjoyed that day & evening was lead Tea. Rather my daughter nor myself are very well acquainted with space lore, nor the technical phrases associated with the field, and I regret that my observations are rather difficult to express in adequate technical terms.

I would appreciate this statement being kept confidential and trust your discretion in the matter. I have held a responsible position with a local firm for the past ten years, as comptroller and business manager and consider my self to be a thoroughly stable person.

Notary Public State of Florida at Large
My Commission Expires April 17, 1961
Sworn to and subscribed to, before me, a Notary Public State of Florida at Large, in Miami, Florida this 18th day of June, 1960.

- page 2 -

" Affidavit "

Commander, 2565th Airborne Sqdn.
Miami International Airport
Miami, Florida
Attention: Captain D.R. Boygus

This is to certify, that on the evening of May 25, 1960 at 10:35 P.M., E.S.T., just before retiring for the night, I glanced up at the sky to determine if any rain clouds were present in the area.

In the course of my casual observation, my attention was drawn to a brilliant light in the sky, which I first assumed was a star. It was only a few seconds later, that the light suddenly moved toward the south (or about a foot in distance from its prior location, I use the term "about a foot", what I really mean is my point of observation.)

The light or object, when I first observed it, glowed with approximately twice the intensity of any star in its vicinity; when it suddenly began to move I noticed a decided increase in its intensity, and the color of the light which had previously been only a greenish tinged silver, became a definite phosphorus green in color. When it moved in somewhat three separate surges, after which it seemed to return to previous location, although it did not remain to its exact former positions as it dropped back it also seemed its intensity gradually decreased to its former state.

This same maneuver was repeated every eight (8) to twenty-three (23) seconds, over a period of one hour and ten minutes, always in the same direction and always with the same apparent results. My "judged" results, which I arrived at by the light or objects position in relation to surrounding stars was always apparent.

- page 3 -

Other descriptions by the witness such as motion, color and duration of sighting all tend to substantiate this conclusion.

Could be that a check of the weather might also give the conditions were right for even greater chance of this conclusion.

- page 4 -

Jupiter at 271° on the ecliptic
25 may 60.

The planets Apparent Right Ascension
185756.920

Apparent Declination
-25°03'42".58

Polar Semi Diameter 21.13"
Horizontal Parallax 2.02"

True distance from Earth 4,348,880

Transit 1h 57m 115

I didn't look up the declination given by these witnesses. But if they say East at SE then I have seen a prediction. Jupiter, the planet was amplified. These, close only by figure. The witnesses may tell object was twice as bright as 02 star. Actually the planet was 6x brighter.

- page 5 -

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET

Location North Miami, Florida

Date 25 May 1960                Hour (?)  2235

WX Clear and bright

Description A very bright light, much brighter than the surrounding stars, was seen to appear to move up and down a few inches, was changing colors of greenish silver & reddish-orange & yellow, (depending on observer). The light appeared to be at a very high altitude, but between the stars and observer. It was veiled for at least an hour and a half.

Direction of Motion Varied

Satellites (AFCIN-4F3, Phone 69219)  Ruled out

Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc.) Probably Jupiter

Radar Analysis (AFCIN-4E1)  None

Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc.) --------

Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc. Ruled out

Other

Evaluation of Source Reliability Prob reliable

Analysis and Conclusions: The location of the witnesses was apparently at Keystone Point, therefore the object must have been ESE of their location. The planet Jupiter was ESE at the time of this observation, and it was close to the earth at the time. There was no stars brighter than 3rd magnitude in that part of the sky, therefore the planet would necessarily appear to be very bright and much closer than it actually was. The movement reported was probably due to atmospheric conditions.

- page 6 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

2585TH AIR BASE SQUADRON
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
MIAMI INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
MIAMI, FLORIDA

REPLY TO
ATTN: ON     ADMIN SVC                                                     26 May 1960

SUBJECT:    UFO at North Miami, Florida, 25 May 1960

TO:         ATIC
            Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Report on UFO seen by _______ Keystone
Point, North Miami, Florida, and reported to the Officer of the Day, 
2585 Air Base Squadron, Miami International Airport, Miami, Florida, 
at 1044 EST, 25 May 1960, is forwarded for information.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature of] REUBEN H. NANCE
Captain, USAF
Administrative Officer

1 Atch
AF Form 112 (3 cys) w/2 Incls:
1. Location of stars at time of 
sighting in relation to object;
2. Map showing location of UFO 
& reportee's address

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

- page 7 -

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

COUNTRY OF ACTIVITY REPORTING: USA
COUNTY OR AREA REPORTING: Southern Florida
ACTIVITY SUBMITTING REPORT: 2585th ABRON Miami Int'l Apt,Fla
PREPARING INDIVIDUAL: Capt. D. R. Begguss
DATE OF REPORT: 26 May 1960

SUBJECT: UFO sighting reported to the OD at 1044EST 25 May 60.

SUMMARY:
An object was reported at 1044EST 25 May 1969, by a reporter stated it was Keystone Point, North Miami, Florida. Initial conversation with the reporter stated it was quite evident to her, in that she was used to seeing missile firing from Cape Canaveral and it was nothing like that but like something she had never seen before. She further stated that she had some neighbors view the same sighting to verify it's veracity etc.

Since it took me approximately one hour to arrive at the above address, I called a few minutes before 2400 hours to verify the reportee's physical existence again and if she was still viewing the sighting. She stated she was. I arrived at the address at 001025ST and the object could no longer be located after searching with reportee for quite some time.

Location of sighting was SSE of Keystone Point(North Miami Beach)Florida and appeared to be round in shape and the size of a dime held at arms length. Often it would appear a definite green and never more than the one object being sighted at any one time. In tall grass or exhaust, some other unusual features.

First observed while out in the yard about 1035EST. Appeared to move 10 to 12 times during a 20 to 30 minute period up and southerly direction and after moving up would appear to drop back some and then continue again.

Witnesses to the sighting were: [names redacted] resident at same address and another of reportee and [name redacted] Drive.

Distribution: Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio (3 copies/2 incls)

- page 8 -

Text found in the document:

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

N

X Reportees Address
Center West
D.R. 1948 Hle

General location of stars at time of sighting in relation to object. Rend drawing indicates object and lines indicate movement.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

- page 9 -

Ltr, Aerospace Tech Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

1st Ind (U A :TN)                                                                26 JUL 1960
2585 AB Sq, MIA, Miami, Fla.

TO: Aerospace Tech Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio.

1. Attached hereto are Enclosures one (1), two (2), three (3), are the Affadavits of all witnesses to subject sighting.

2. Delay is due to vacation, illness, etc. of subject witnesses.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature of CAPT, USAF Administrative Officer]

3 Atch
1. Statement (Mrs.)
2. Statement (Mrs.)
3. Statement (Mrs.)

2

- page 10 -

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFCIN-L82

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO: 2585th Air Base Squadron
Miami International Airport
Miami, Florida

ATTN: Administrative Services

Reference your IR112, Nr 1, dated 26 May 1960. The information in referenced report is very limited, precluding an analysis of the report. Request your organization contact all witnesses to the sighting and report each witnesses impressions in accordance with AFR 200-2, dated 14 September 1959.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

13 JUN 1960

- page 11 -

" AFFADAVIT "

To Whom It May Concern:                                                North Miami, Florida
                                                                        June 11, 1960

The following is a true statement of my personal observations of an unknown object, which was first sighted by my mother at ten-thirty five P.M. (10:35 P.M.) on Wednesday evening, May 25, 1960. ( See enclosed statement)

After watching it for about ten ( 10 ) minutes ; my mother called it to my attention.
In the first few minutes I observed the object, I assumed that it was perhaps a Missile Test from Cape Canaveral, Florida.

After continued observation; my first assumption was dispelled, due to (1) Its attitude and continuing visibility for over an hour. (2) Its repetition of the same maneuver ( described below ) every ten(10) to twenty (20) seconds. (3) That it seemed to be trying to gain altitude ( and yet my impression was that in spite of its repeated efforts to do so, it seemed to lack sufficient thrust with fast missiles, etc. ) being extremely illogical I cannot explain "why" at this conclusion other than logically.

My observations led me to the conclusion, that the brilliant light which we were observing was not a missile, nor what have you, but rather the exhaust flames, my judgment several times more brilliant than the "stars", in its intense and in its immediate vicinity. I made a quick sketch of its approximate location, in relation to the position of my inquiry requested for his report.

The object began its maneuvers each time, by moving in a southerly direction which seemed to be accomplished by several distinct thrusts, after hanging or maintaining its nearly acquired position for roughly ten (10) to (15) seconds; it seemed to XXXX lose would return to its former position almost as if it were being pulled back to its position, but in the same general vicinity. (A colorful silvery cast, similar to the luminescence qualities present in Phosphorus beginning to gain motion in color and brilliance became decisively more intense, however its movement also seemed to increase a change of color toward its upper portion, which took on a orange hue momentarily, with each thrust of upward and southerly movement.

Its movements, from my point of observation, seemed to be confined to an area comparable to roughly a square area of three feet by three feet.

Just prior to midnight, its movements began to lose its brilliant glow. (Although the same pattern) and it began to lose its brilliance gradually, and appeared to have become steady along.

I sincerely hope that my observations, which I have repeatedly herein, described rather inadequately; will be of some small value to those who strive to evaluate such observations.

Keystone Light
North Miami, Florida

[Signature appears to be at bottom of document]

- page 12 -

Waystation Point
North Miami, Florida
July 19, 1960

Capt. D.R. Bogguss, A.P.
2805th Air Base Sqdn.
Miami International Air Depot
Miami, Florida

Dear Captain Bogguss;

For your request for additional information; I am herewith enclosing in certified form, the statements of my mother and my next door neighbor, and my own statement.

I regret that your first request came at a time when my neighbor was out of the city on her vacation and that upon her joy of her return she was called back to Lake Wales, due to her mothers sudden illness.

As you requested, we each described our own observations, in our own words. In order to keep our observations objective, we all avoided any discussion of the subject, prior to the completion of the enclosed statements.

Should you require any additional information, please do not hesitate to call upon us.

I would also like to compliment the Air Force and you Captain Bogguss, for your prompt and courteous attention to our telephone inquiry, as well as your immediate investigation.

Please be assured that your personal attention to our inquiry was sincerely appreciated by all three of us.

Sincerely yours,

(Mrs.)

g.11/gl
encls: 3

- page 13 -

"AFFIDAVIT"

This is to certify that the following statement is a true account of my personal observations on the evening of May 25, 1960, from my neighbors front lawn, located at [redacted], North Miami, Florida.

My neighbor called me over to her front yard to observe an unusual object, located in the south eastern portion of the sky.

After watching said object for several minutes, my observation was that it suddenly veered to the south; as it veered to the south it appeared leave a streak ( a thin streak of light ) behind it. It seemed to halt and hold its position for about thirty seconds, then ver to the North approximately half of the distance from its original position. The movement to the south was approximately twelve inches in my estimation, and from my point of view was approximately (12 inches), I did observe that as it began to leave, i.e., 3 or 4 times) (12 feet to speak of) it would suddenly shoot upward, approximately the same distance much more brilliant, however as it reached its height the brilliancy seemed to fade to even less than its former intensity. I would then drop back to its original position.

After watching it for about fifteen minutes, I observed that it continued to repeat its same routine of movement. Within the fifteen minutes that I watched it, this movement was repeated about half a dozen times.

As I remember, it was an intense yellow color in color; and my impression was that at times the yellow color took on a definite reddish -orange tinge, it seemed that the color change did not involve the entire object, only the portion around the edge.

I am firmly convinced that it could not have been a plane.

It seemed to me, to be between me, and the stars.

[Signature]
North Miami, Florida

Sworn to and subscribed to before me a Notary Public, this 15th day of July, 1960;
at Miami, Florida

My license expires April 17, 1961.

[Notary Public stamps and details]

2

- page 14 -

