The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from Project Blue Book, which is a document that records information about a UFO sighting.

16 July 1960
Syosset, New York
Air-Ground-Visuel
D Air-Intercept Radar
Civilian
Observation: Thought she saw falling stars and called husband. Ten minutes later two objects appearing to be at great height streaked across sky in southerly direction. Changed course, emitted red and orange light.
Number of Objects: 2
Course: Southerly direction
Comments: Nothing conflicting with a/c analysis.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document is as follows:

August 11, 1960

TO: Headquarters, U.S. Air Force
The Pentagon
Washington 25, D.C.

SUBJECT: Observation of an Unusual Flight

1. On the evening of Saturday, 16 July 1960, at about 2300 hours, my wife was sitting on the porch of our home at Syosset, New York. It was a beautiful, clear evening. A multitude of star-like objects were visible, which appeared to be moving slowly in a northerly direction. At first she thought they might be flares, but they continued their course and did not behave as flares normally do. When the objects slowed down and then somewhat abruptly changed their course to a westerly direction.

2. I was in the house at the time and she called to me. I obtained a glimpse of these objects and then for some minutes (approximately five or ten) I returned and observed them. When I observed these objects a peculiar direct motion appeared - they seemed to proceed in a staggered fashion, at times apparently stopping. I pointed these out to my wife, and we both watched as these objects flew a slightly varied or a vacillating course, approximately in a southerly direction. Then, somewhat abruptly changed their course to a westerly direction.

3. No sound was made; these objects appeared to be at a great height, and thus emitted a reddish-orange light.

4. In discussing this phenomena with an acquaintance, he informed me that one of his neighbors, a former officer in the U.S. Air Force, had observed the same objects in one direction, and at the same time that my wife and I had observed the phenomena outlined above.

5. In view of the interest of the Air Force in observations of this kind, I have written this account so that you may evaluate it and compare it with other reports you may have received.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of UFOs.

Text from the document:

16 August 1960

Dear [Redacted],

This is to acknowledge your letter of 11 August 1960 concerning the sighting of unidentified flying objects by you and your wife on 15 July.

Your letter did not contain sufficient information for a valid conclusions. Therefore, I ask that you each complete the enclosed questionnaires independently and forward them to the Commandant, Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio for their evaluation.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Syosset, New York

Comeback OI-34
Reader OI-1

- page 3 -

