The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings.

Project 10073 Record Card
1. DATE: 13 Aug 60
2. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2315
3. LOCATION: Terre Haute, Indiana
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground - Radar
5. PHOTO: Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 min 15 sec
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: The object, with a yellowish color, appeared to be oscillating such as pulsating. The object was seen travelling at a high rate of speed in a level flight path. No sound.
11. COMMENTS: The observer of this sighting were two civilians who reported what appears to be the outline of aircraft due to the dark night.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a document or report. The document contains text and questions related to reporting details about an observed object.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - There was no sound of any kind.
b. Color - The objects were white in color.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object they you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined 
d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Two. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing instructions and questions related to observing and describing UFO sightings.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion or the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar? The objects that I saw would about the size of an object between a pin and a pen at arms length.

22. Can you estimate the angular size? Hold a known object such as a pencil at arms length. How much of the object is covered by the head of the match? If you had performed this experiment at the time, about how much of the known object would have been covered by the match head? The match head would cover about the same amount that I used to estimate the size of the object.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes. The object gradually became smaller and disappeared.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. The only common objects that I could use to describe the size and appearance of the object I saw would be something like a satellite such as Sputnik I or about the size of our largest satellites.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing various questions and responses related to a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was watching for Echo I and was having trouble finding it and chance happened to look up and saw these two objects coming in an opposite direction.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes
No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with the compass, (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was observed from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North __90__ degrees
b. From horizon __60__ degrees

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North __265__ degrees
b. From horizon __25__ degrees

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather it shows two sketches illustrating visual perspectives. The first sketch depicts a curved line along which an object is moving, and instructions are provided to imagine the object at different positions along the line. The second sketch shows two larger views, one showing a person on a road and another showing a distant landscape.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (a dotted line). Then, place a "B" on the same curved line to show where the object was when you first saw it, and a "C" where it was when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear
b. Hazy 
c. Scattered or broken clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Overcast
e. Don't remember 

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Research and Education Committee
36.1 If you answered YES, did they investigate the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses. I am unable to do so as I did not know the names and addresses of the persons to whom I reported this.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? (Circle One) Yes No
37.1 If you answered NO, when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones? By change on date 1-2-56, by change in October 1956 or 1957, I can't remember which.

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? I do not believe that this object was a satellite or it was going in a recognizable motion. It was not like a jet and I could not tell what it was because I could not get a good look at it with my 10X binoculars. It was an unidentified flying object.

Transcription of text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered or broken clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain 
d. Overcast
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Research and Education Committee

36.1 If you answered YES, did they investigate the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses. I am unable to do so as I did not know the names and addresses of the persons to whom I reported this.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? (Circle One) Yes No
37.1 If you answered NO, when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones? By change on date 1-2-56, by change in October 1956 or 1957, I can't remember which.

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? I do not believe that this object was a satellite or it was going in a recognizable motion. It was not like a jet and I could not tell what it was because I could not get a good look at it with my 10X binoculars. It was an unidentified flying object.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. The text in the document is as follows:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? That of a jet or a sattelite. 

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _______________

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS City Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER _________________
Age 17 Sex Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
I am a radar operator at the Terre Haute Air Force Station and was on duty on the night 
of the observation. Please use this additional information in your investigation. 

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
by 19 December 1960

- page 7 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data) form.

Transcribing the text from the image:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you have observed. You may add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

(Do Not Write In This Space)
CODE:

On Aug. 13, 1960, at about 11:13 P.M. I was watching for the launch of a satellite. I saw a small bright object coming from the direction of Terre Haute, Indiana, traveling rapidly at a constant angle. It appeared to be a large conventional aircraft, however it was completely silent and had no lights. As it passed over my head I could not hear any sound. It seemed to be at about 2500-3000 ft. altitude. As it passed over the house I ran outside to watch it, however it had already disappeared from sight by the time I got outside. The whole observation lasted only about 10 seconds. When I ran outside I could see nothing in the sky. I checked the area thoroughly with binoculars but saw no aircraft, either conventional or otherwise. I could not identify the object nor explain what I had seen. It did not fit the description of any known aircraft. I am quite familiar with aircraft, both military and commercial, and this was definitely something unusual. I would like very much to know if anyone else in the area observed the same thing at about the same time.

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a diagram or map showing a dome-shaped area with various azimuth and elevation markings. There are no human faces or identities present in this image.

Project Blue Book
1960-08-7820155-TerreHaute-Indiana.pdf9.txt

A. Orrent flight oflser
S- Bright pulsing line
Terre Haute, Ind. 
30 July I960
90째 
Zenith

315 NW
135 SE 
90 E
45 NE

180째
S        30째
      Azimuth            0째
N

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Unidentified Phenomena/object (blank)
3 OCT 1960

1. Reference copy of attached letter to Lt Col L. Tacker from:

2. The ATIC analysis of (...) a report of an unidentified flying object observed on 15 August 1960, reveals that the objects were probably aircraft. These objects were reported to have appeared to have lights on them and to have been maneuvering. It is generally believed that the lights observed were a normal phenomenon associated with aircraft in flight in that particular area of the southwest. It is quite possible that these objects were two high altitude aircraft which were conducting aerial refueling operations and were seen in conjunction with the satellite which had precessed orbits.

3. It is possible to conclude the high flying aircraft and not something from space. The witness did not receive the outline of a span or wing with binoculars on a dark night. Due to the relativity bright trailing running lights, it is impossible to determine if they were attached to the aircraft itself. 

4. Due to the great amount of traffic through the area, it is impossible to determine the specific aircraft which were observed.

5. "Recommend we send you a copy of the statistics from 1...9 through Jun 1960, and print a copy of the "Noted Cases" per your request."

Phillip G. EVANS
Lt Col, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a UFO analysis sheet from Project Blue Book, which was the U.S. Air Force's official program to investigate UFO sightings.

The text in the document is as follows:

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET
Location: Terre Haute, Indiana
Date: 13 August 1960
UT (Coordinated Universal Time): 23:15
WX (Weather): Clear, dark sky, no moon
Description: See attached
Direction of Motion: NE to SW
Satellites: (AGIN-43, Phone 66219) This is the direction the object was observed to move.
Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc.): Several unusual observations reported.
Radar Analysis (AGIN-43): -
Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc.): -
Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc.: none observed.
Other: -
Evaluation of Source Reliability: reliable - -
Analysis and Conclusions: the witness observed an unusual aerial phenomenon which moved from northeast to southwest. The object was described as elliptical in shape and emitting a bluish-white light. No specific astronomical or weather phenomena were reported that could account for the sighting. While the witness is considered reliable, without further corroborating evidence, a definitive identification of the observed object cannot be made.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which was a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text in the document is as follows:

Request for Information on UFO's

30 AUG 1960

SAFOI-3a (L/Col Racker)

1. Attached is a copy of a letter from (redacted), which was forwarded to us. It contains information indicating that you might have two witnesses, if there were more than one, complete details. 

2. A search of our files failed to reveal any other correspondence from the above.

3. Captain (redacted), President of a private UFO club called "Research and Education Committee on Unidentified Flying Objects" is nothing more than an individual representing himself.

For the COMMANDER:

(redacted)
Colonel, USAF
Director of Information

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document dated 5 October 1960.

The text in the document is as follows:

5 October 1960

Dear Mr. _____,

This is to acknowledge your letter of 11 September 1960 concerning the unidentified flying object you viewed on 16 August 1960.

The Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center's analysis of these objects reveals that they were probably velocities comparable to that of satellites and appeared as two end magnitude lights. These observations indicate typical high-flying aircraft.

It is possible to see the lights of high flying aircraft and not be able to resolve the outlines, even with binoculars, on a dark night. The lights seen by you would be the relatively bright running lights on the bottom of the aircraft.

Due to the great amount of traffic through the area, it is impossible to determine the specific aircraft which were probably responsible.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
Office of Information

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on a document from Project Blue Book.

SAPDI-34/Lt Col Tacker/mis/72291

2 September 1960

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

Your letter of 13 August 1960 to Captain Lee Walrod, Ohio Civil Air Defense Coordinator at Wright-Patterson AFB, concerning unidentified flying objects you sighted, has been referred to me.

Your insufficient information for a valid conclusion. Therefore I request you fill out the attached Air Force questionnaire and forward it to the address at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio for their evaluation and analysis. Two witnesses to this sighting are also mentioned in the event there is another.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. [REDACTED]
[REDACTED]

Comeback 01-34
Reader 31-1

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a typed document from the Air Technical Intelligence Center.

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

Reply to: ATCH-33

Request for Information on UFO's

TO: SAFOI-34 (L/Col Tacker)

1. Attached is a copy of a letter from Mr. , which was forwarded to us by AFBIR. Request that you read it, and ask him to have two witnesses, if there were more than one, complete them in detail.

2. A check of our files failed to reveal any other correspondence from __.

3. Mr. __ is the president of a private UFO club called Research on Aerial Phenomena. Other than that, there is nothing else known about him.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

JOHN J. BRANSTATOR
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

- page 15 -

The image appears to contain a handwritten letter. There is no photograph present in this image.

Transcribed text:

August 15, 1960

Captain Lee Waldrop 
Operations Staff Officer
2046th Airways and Air Communications Service Squadron
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Capt. Waldrop:

I wrote you once before about aircraft in my area when I was checking for a lady. Now I am checking for myself. I have already checked with both airfields at Terre Haute.

Two objects were seen traveling NE to SW at a high altitude. Crossed about 40 to 45 degrees of arc in one minute 43 seconds. The lights were white and stayed the same distance behind each other.

Respectfully yours,

P.S. Time was 11:45 p.m. C.D.T.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter addressed to "Lt. Colonel Tacker" from "Lawrence J. Tacker Lt. Colonel, USAF", regarding the evaluation and analysis of a report that the writer had filed on September 2, 1960. The writer has several questions for the recipient, such as inquiring about the Air Force's views on the object they had observed, how many reports the recipient has received, and whether the recipient could send them the relevant fact sheet. The letter ends with the writer expressing gratitude for the recipient's cooperation in answering the questions.

Lawrence J. Tacker
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Department of the Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Dear Lt. Colonel Tacker:

Enclosed you will find the report form I sent to you on September 2, 1960. I have filled the report out as best I could. I have several questions that I would like to ask you.

1. When evaluation and analysis is completed on my report will a copy be sent to me so that I too may know what the Air Force thinks the object was that I saw?

2. How many of all the reports that you have received from 1947 to the present concerning U.F.O.'s have not been explained away?

3. Will you please send me the present fact sheet out on U.F.O.'s?

4. What does the Air Force think these objects are? Is it true that many of the Air Force people think these objects are from other planets?

Thank you very much for your co-operation in answering my questions. I am very glad that I have been able to help the United States Air Force.

Respectfully yours,

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about the unidentified object you have seen. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 13 AUGUST 1960
2. Time of day: 11 HOURS 45 MINUTES (Circle One): A.M. or (P.M.)
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? NEAR THE TERRE HAUTE, INDIANA VIGO COUNTY AIRPORT

5. How long did you see the object? 1 HOUR 30 MINUTES 13 SECONDS

5.1. How was time in sight determined? a. By a clock or watch c. By a stop watch e. Just a guess
b. Fairly certain d. Not very sure

6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: Bright c. NIGHT: Bright e. Cloudy 
b. CLEAR      d. NIGHT: Clear

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? NO

- page 18 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document. 

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

8. IF you saw the object of NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many 
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. Don't remember (pitch dark)

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? No. It was between second and third magnitude.

11. Did the object: 
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes (No)
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes (No)
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes (No)
d. Give off smoke? Yes (No)
e. Change brightness? Dimmed as it got farther Yes (No)
f. Change color? Yes (No)
g. Leave a trail? Yes (No)
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes (No)

12. Did the object move behind something (or any time), particularly a cloud? No.
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? No.
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (No)
b. Sun glasses (No)
c. Windshield Yes
d. Window glass (No)
e. Binoculars Yes
f. Theodolite Yes
g. Other (No)

- page 19 -

