PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
28 April, 1960

2. LOCATION
Cincinnati, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2026-2045

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
(No Pictures)

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
seconds over 15 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
Varied

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Several different sightings of red, green, and white lights by six children. Red warning lights at various times during a fifteen minute period. Longest sighting lasted only a few seconds. Always disappeared and usually with random motion. In city of Cincinnati, Ohio with WX cloudy with haze.

11. COMMENTS
In view of the random movement and location in the city together with low clouds and haze it is quite possible that the children were observing light reflections from the haze or clouds.

12. CONCLUSIONS
[Checked box] Other: Light Reflections
[Checked box] Insufficient Data for Evaluation

- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
30      cl         60
Day     Month      Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 IF You answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Addresses are redacted/blacked out]
Cincinnati 36, Ohio

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Handwritten response is partially illegible, appears to read: "I have sent the report in"]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten response]: We don't know but it was airplane or balloon.

- page 2 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1600 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was? Two feet-miles

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [Street redacted] Cincinnati 26, Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? [blank]
Age 13 Sex Male

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school 7-6 grades
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate

e. Technical school
    (Type)
f. Other special training [blank]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 3 1 5 60
                                            Day Month Year

Page 8 is noted in the top right corner of the document.

- page 3 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: [Redacted]

(Do Not Write in This Space)
CODE:

Page 9

- page 4 -

Dear Sirs:

This is to report a sighting of a color your unidentified flying objects I and found here persons saw on the night of April 29, 1960 from 8:30 to 8:43 p.m. This is not a hoax and the five of us were it seeing spots before our eyes here is what happened. Our names, address, age and telephone numbers are at the end of this report.

at 8:30 p.m. I saw a red light in the sky stationary in the northeast. I call one of the persons next to watch the object. We watched it for about fifteen seconds and then it disappeared. I then another one exactly the same appeared and did the same as the first, and stood then the other three persons came over to us but the five of us left and I was there alone. Just then a very strange light came falling at a very high rate of speed and then disappeared behind some houses. Just then another object appeared in the northwest heading west at a point. I yelled for everybody came was the first to reach me and what saw it turn and vanish into the east. now all of us were together when we saw the same object or one similar light appearing in the same spot.

Dated 29, 1960.

- page 5 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

urgent to turn as it did it glowed
brightly and septon showing for about
several eight second and took off
to the west at off a very high made
of speed.

The objects were about 850 to
900 feet high.
It was partly cloudy with a few
stars peaking and a dull moonlight over
a slight breeze.

[Several sections are blacked out]

Cincinnati 36, Ohio
age 43

Cincinnati 36, Ohio
age 11

Cincinnati 36, Ohio
AGE-12

[Some additional text at bottom appears to be partially illegible or blacked out]

- page 6 -

AFG14-162

UFO Sighting

SAFOI-3d (Maj Tucker)

Suggest three questionnaires be forwarded for completion by and

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP O. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

1 Atch
Cy Itr 29 Apr 60 fr

- page 7 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication which may result from your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
28    4    60
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day:    8    45
             Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest postal address is blacked out]
Cincinnati    Ohio
City or Town   State or Country

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:    0    15    0
                                          Hours  Minutes  Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure
                        d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight    d. Just a trace of daylight
             b. Dull daylight      e. No trace of daylight
             c. Bright twilight    f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (15 OCT 54)

- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: a house and trees

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved in front of: a house and trees

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other        Yes   No

- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound - Faint
b. Color - White, white to grayish, light

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
             b. Like a bright star
             c. Sharply outlined
             d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document contains hand-drawn sketches of objects and a house, with arrows indicating movement directions.

- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
    Feet:

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and about arm's length:
(Circle One):
    a. Head of a pin
    b. Pea
    c. Dime
    d. Nickel
    e. Quarter
    f. Half dollar

    g. Silver dollar
    h. Grapefruit
    i. Baseball
    j. Basketball
    k. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain

    c. Not very sure
    d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? 
    [Handwritten response appears to read: gradually disappeared out of the northwest at high rate of speed]

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words some object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

    [Handwritten response appears to read: I would make one cigar shaped and the other saucer shape.]

- page 11 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 12 -

