PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 15 Apr 60

2. LOCATION: Between Warren & Toledo, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0930
Local: GMT: 15/8002

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS: No

6. SOURCE: Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 sec

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Seven

9. COURSE: Rotating

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Seven lights in "V" formation, size of pea at arm's length. First seen rotating. Viewed for 10 sec while driving in car. Retraced path after lights disappeared and lights reappear in same formation and sequence as before.

11. COMMENTS:
Since objects reappeared when the car retraced its path it is considered that objects viewed were reflections of lights at right angles to the direction of motion. Pattern of "V" adds to the illusion that the objects were rotating.

12. CONCLUSIONS: (Checkboxes, none marked)
- Was Balloon
- Probably Balloon
- Was Aircraft
- Probably Aircraft
- Was Astronomical
- Probably Astronomical
- Other, Reflection
- Insufficient Data for Evaluation
- Unknown

- page 1 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
    15    April    60
    Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 0300
    (Circle One):    Hours    Minutes
    A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
    (Circle One): a. Eastern
                b. Central
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
    Ohio    Reading        Warren    and Toledo
    Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or County

    Additional remarks:

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
    Hours    Minutes

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
    a. Certain    c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    (Circle One): a. Bright daylight    d. Just a trace of daylight
                b. Dull daylight    e. No trace of daylight
                c. Bright twilight    f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    (Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
                b. In back of you    e. Overhead
                c. To your right    f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)

- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound
b. Color LIGHT

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you are such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Y SHAPED . FORMATION .

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
               b. Like a bright star
               c. Sharply outlined
               d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? SEVEN
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 3 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One)   a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF IT was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
             b. Several blocks away?
             c. A block away?
             d. Several yards away?
             e. Other

11. Did the object:                                   (Circle One for each question)   Yes   No   Don't Know
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?                                             Yes   No   Don't Know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?                                  Yes   No   Don't Know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?                                               Yes   No   Don't Know
    d. Give off smoke?                                                               Yes   No   Don't Know
    e. Change brightness?                                                            Yes   No   Don't Know
    f. Change shape?                                                                 Yes   No   Don't Know
    g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?                                                   Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [blank]

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: [blank]

14. Did the object appear:   (Circle One)   a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
    a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
    b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
    c. Windshield   Yes   No
    d. Window glass   Yes   No

    e. Binoculars   Yes   No
    f. Telescope    Yes   No
    g. Theodolite   Yes   No
    h. Other [blank]

- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near a airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
DRIVING CAR

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? 50 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No "RETRO-ED, BOTH PAST AND AGAIN"

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 290° degrees.
b. From horizon 0° degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 180° degrees.
b. From horizon 10° degrees.

- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

LEFT EYE LEVEL TO UPPER REAR

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects: held in the hand and about arm's length?
(Circle One):   a. Head of a pin   g. Silver dollar
                b. Pea             h. Baseball
                c. Dime            i. Grapefruit
                d. Nickel          j. Basketball
                e. Quarter         k. Other:
                f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
                a. Certain         c. Not very sure
                b. Fairly certain  d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?   FADED TO REAR.

24. In order that you can give us a clearer picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
18     MAY     60
Day     Month     Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes     No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes     No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
REFLECTION OF STREET LIGHTS —
AT RIGHT ANGLES TO DIRECTION OF MOTION.
PATTERN OF LIGHTS A "V" WHICH APPARENTLY
ROTATED MOVING TO THE ILLUSION.

- page 7 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place on "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6

- page 8 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No                                   3 ½ SEC.
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No                                   14 MILE.
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ____________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] TOLEDO 13 OHIO
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? MECH. ENG.
Age [redacted]   Sex M

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate
e. Technical school (Type) _________
f. Other special training _________

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [blank]
Day     Month     Year

- page 9 -

