PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
19-21 March, 1960

2. LOCATION
Oust County, Finland

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
□ Ground-Visual     □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual        □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. CMT
Multiview

6. SOURCE
(No box checked)

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
(Left blank)

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
(Left blank)

9. COURSE
(Left blank)

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Reports not in file. Case obtained from a letter from the Air Attache of Finland making about observations at above notes. Reply to this letter evaluates the objects in question as meteors.

11. COMMENTS
XXXX. Very limited information is available, however the objects were probably meteors.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

(ATIC FORM 329 (REV 25 SEP 52))

- page 1 -

OBSERVATIONS

of 26 64, the Air Attack, Finland
Kaunisla, Luo Bay, Espoo, Finland

The objects responsible for the sightings of such level 29 and 27 were 19 were probably very bright meteors known as "Fireballs". The cause of the sightings of Valkeala, Somero in 26 and 27 March 1960, seemed to be meteoric. A fireball, characterized as a meteor so bright or brighter than -3 magnitude, bright nearly as bright as sunlight, creates such characteristics. These meteors may appear white, blazing, create, with energy, yellow, plane or purple. Often a trail is left which may also be yellowish, may change color after being left. These meteors may have a curved or irregular path and so (irregular shapes, and a flickering or vibrating make-up may be attached with them).

A good percentage of these meteors three at the end of their path and may leave a cloud of smoke which appears vertically or up in a glowing coloration. When these meteors are taken or more to explain they are then described as bolides.

All of the information included in this report is very limited and this problem and final like speculation is quiet.

This information is of value to ATIC to there is possible public misunderstanding to satellite data and is also additional information for potential use.

Phenomena data.

20 June 1961
Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

- page 2 -

