The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a document used in the United States Air Force's UFO investigation project.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 10 OCT 60
2. DATE-TIME GROUP: 22.00
3. LOCATION: Kenton, Ohio
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTO: No 
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3-5 min
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Objects appearing as lights - came into view at 10:00 PM, hovered for a short time, then disappeared. Witnesses described them as the size of a baseball and moving in a linear fashion for 3-5 min.
11. COMMENTS: Probably n/c

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form or routing slip with text filled out by hand. The text on the form includes "ATIC CD 42-40" and "It is intended that the information was a part of the ATIC CD 42-40 project submitted by Capt Hickson, USAF, 1-20-56".

Transcribing the text from the image:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
NAME AND LOCATION
Capt. Hickson

INFORMATION                TELEPHONE XX
6012

REMARKS
ATIC CD 42-40
It is intended that the information was a part of the ATIC CD 42-40 project submitted by Capt Hickson, USAF, 1-20-56.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a U.S. Air Force technical information sheet that appears to be a form used to gather details about sightings of unidentified aerial phenomena.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be associated in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.
We assure this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
3. Time Zones: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight?
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
6. Certainty
a. Fairly certain b. Not very sure c. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY: b. NIGHT:
i. Clear ii. Hazy iii. Cloudy iv. Overcast i. Clear ii. Partly cloudy iii. Overcast
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN toward you to look at the object?
a. In front of you b. To back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Don't remember

The text from the document is:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be associated in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. 
We assure this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 
2. Time of day: 2:20 p Minutes 
3. Time Zones: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? AT home about 5 miles of, Kenton, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? 3 55 to 4 Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Observed
6. Certainty
a. Fairly certain b. Not very sure c. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY: Clear b. NIGHT:
i. Clear ii. Hazy iii. Cloudy iv. Overcast i. Clear ii. Partly cloudy iii. Overcast
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN toward you to look at the object?
a. In front of you b. To back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Don't remember

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

8. If you saw the object at RIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Bright, b. A few, c. Dimmer, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright, b. Dull, c. Can't remember, d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. As a light, b. Shiny, c. Dull, d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? LIGHT WAS BRIGHTER THAN STARS

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes, Don't know
c. Break up into parts or pieces? Yes, Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes, Don't know
e. Give off brightness? Yes, Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear? Yes, Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes, Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes, Don't know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes, Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes, Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) Solid, Transparent, Vapor, Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes, No
b. Sun glasses Yes, No
c. Windshield Yes, No
d. Window glass Yes, No
e. Binoculars Yes, No
f. Telescope Yes, No
g. Theatalite Yes, No
h. Other Yes, No

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound none
b. Color bright static light about size of the moon was much whiter than star.
17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details 
of the object that you may think are important, measurements, etc., and especially indicate the direction the 
object was moving. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
*Circular objects 200 yards very swift*
18. The edges of the object were:
a. Circle (one)in the shape of a blur
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
*One bright object appeared to be shooting reddish sparks in 10 to 20 minute intervals without any noise*

- page 5 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with various questions and prompts for the observer to fill out.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and measure the amount of the object that would have been covered by the match head.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give us close a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

29. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an entrance (type)
e. At sea

29a. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying in an aircraft?
f. Flying over some country?
g. Other (specify)

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF YOU WERE MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving?

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes
No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing forms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true north (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ___________ degrees.
b. From horizon ___________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ___________ degrees.
b. From horizon ___________ degrees.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observer's sighting of the UFO object.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CI UUDB (Circle One) - a. Clear
WEATHER (Circle One) - a. Day

35. When and is whom did you report that you had seen the object? - Hendron Robertson

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) - No

35.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? - (Circle One) No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses: -

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like that? (Circle One) - Yes

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones? -

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 8 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document that includes a questionnaire or form with various questions and blank spaces to provide responses.

32. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
Name: [Redacted]
Address: [Redacted] Street, Bexley, [Redacted] State
Telephone Number: [Redacted]
Age: [Redacted]

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [Redacted]

- page 9 -

