PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
6 Jun 60

2. LOCATION
Beckley, West Virginia area

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local    0130
GMT      06/0630z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
✓ Ground-Visual   □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual     □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes   ✓ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3-5 sec

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
ONE

9. COURSE
SW

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Greenwich-blue object, round, about the size of a basketball, emitted a grapefruit sized ball of fire from each side then simply disappeared. Accompanied by rumbling sound.

11. COMMENTS
Description fits that of a meteor classed as a "bolide."

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
✓ Was Astronomical Meteor
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATC FORM 329 (REV 16 SEP 52)

- page 1 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use
the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-
peat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments,
statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observa-
tion in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached
if they are needed.

NAME                                                                 (Do Not Write in This Space)
                                                                     CODE:
SIGNATURE
DATE

THIS OBJECT WAS SEEN BY
TWO ADDITIONAL WITNESSES --
MR [REDACTED] FROM [REDACTED]
AND MR [REDACTED] FROM GRAND VIEW
W VA. THE DESCRIPTION BY BOTH
THESE WITNESSES IS THE SAME
AS THAT OF THE [REDACTED] BROTHERS.
MR [REDACTED] INDICATED THAT THE
OBJECT APPEARED TO HAVE
NO MOTION, WHILE MR [REDACTED]
INDICATED IT WAS MOVING WEST.
MR [REDACTED] SAW THE OBJECT TO
RISE AND FROM GRAND VIEW AND

- page 2 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Page 10

Mr. [redacted] SHOW THE OBJECT NNW FROM [redacted]. THE INFORMATION FROM MR. [redacted] AND MR. [redacted] WAS OBTAINED FROM THE [redacted] NEWSPAPER.

Special.

Note: Several names/words are redacted (blacked out) in the document.

- page 3 -

U. S. Air Intelligence
Wright-Patterson AFB
DAYTON, Ohio

Gentlemen:

Since the object sighted in the sky near Beckley, W. Va., about 1:30 A. M. on June 6 appears to be of considerable interest, I have decided to report my observations of this object to you.

I was driving about one mile from Mt. Hope, W. Va., at the time stated when my attention was attracted by a bright flash of light in the sky, and I saw the object traveling in a position which appeared to be a short distance to the right of and slightly below the moon. It appeared to be about the same relative size as the moon and looked like a brilliant fireball having a bright rosy color. (However, I am partially colorblind.)

The object appeared in the direction of Beckley, which was southwest of my position. As I looked at the object, it appeared to travel downward and to my right at an angle of about 45 degrees from the horizontal. The object appeared to move through the sky at about the same speed as a "shooting star".

As the object neared the horizon it disappeared almost immediately, and three or four smaller objects having the same appearance as the "fireball" went in various directions at the same speed as the original object. The total size of all the smaller objects seemed to be much less than the size of the original object. The smaller objects disappeared almost immediately. The duration of my sighting was about 3 or 4 seconds. Prior to and after the sighting there were distant lightning flashes and thunder. The object was startling and would have been frightening had it not been of such short duration.

My reaction at the time of observation was (and still is) that the object was (1) an unusually large meteor, (2) a satellite burning up in the air, or (3) "ball" lightning (if there is such a thing).

June 9, 1960

- page 4 -

Text found in the image:

O moon
Object Appeared
90°20'k
Disintegrated Here
Horizon
My Position

The image appears to be a hand-drawn diagram showing the trajectory and position of an unidentified object, with various annotations and a horizontal line representing the horizon and the observer's position.

- page 5 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
6 June 1960
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 30 Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Personal details blacked out]
Nearest Postal Address           City or Town           State or Country
Additional remarks: Approximately 2 miles North of City limits

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
3-5 Seconds
Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
             b. Dull daylight
             c. Bright twilight

d. Just a trace of daylight
e. No trace of daylight
f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
             b. In back of you
             c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)

- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: ___________

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved in front of: MOUNTAIN SIDE

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other _______

- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: None
    b. Color: Greenish - Blue

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Handwritten description with sketch]: Basketball sized or slightly larger. Approximate angle shown - hovered slightly, threw off two grapefruit sized balls of fire.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined [circled]
    d. Don't Remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? only one

[A sketch showing two circular objects with an arrow indicating movement]

Page 3 is noted at the top right of the document.

- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion then the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
Pinele id Lamp etc.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects, held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quartz
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other:

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? just disappeared

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Greenish hued Brilliant Glass that looked to be 170 panther than two hundred yds off perfectly round, looked similar to a full moon except different color but was definitely below top of mountain in different direction from that of the moon.

- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other OUT SKIRTS of SMALL TOWN

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
HAD JUST CLOSED DAIRY QUEEN FOR NIGHT AND WAS OUTSIDE PREPARING TO GO HOME. NOTICED TO TALK OVER DAYS WORK AND WAS ATTRACTED BY LIGHT EMITTING FROM OBJECT.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. Southwest     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

[Handwritten note on top sketch: "(A) was below skyline at this point."]

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 11 -

TELEPHONE CONVERSATION WITH MR. [redacted]

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
6 JUNE 60
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 0130
           Hours    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other: [blank]

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address is redacted]
City or Town: [blank]
State or Country: W. VA.
Additional remarks: [blank]

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
2-3 Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
             b. Dull daylight
             c. Bright twilight

d. Just a trace of daylight
e. No trace of daylight
f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
             b. In back of you
             c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)

- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds (CIRRUS clouds)
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
6     June     1960
Day    Month    Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
No possible explanation - a very awesome and fascinatingly weird object.

- page 13 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ________________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No   Closest point
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 500 - 600 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
Last Name    First Name    Middle Name

ADDRESS: [redacted]
Street    City    Zone    Wva.
State

TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]

What is your present job? [partially redacted] operate & small coal mines and lease other real estate
Age 33    Sex M.

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school 6 yrs.    e.g. Technical school
b. High school 6 yrs.     (Type)
c. College 1 yr.    f. Other special training
d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 22 June 1960
Day    Month    Year

- page 14 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may report information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

We were seated outside the Dairy Queen at approximately 1:30 p.m. 6 June 1960 discussing the days events when suddenly the area around us was lit as if by a flare. From our left ord off about the top of the mountain there appeared a greenish looking round object that seemed to be about the size of a basketball. It traveled down towards the base of the mountain at about a 45° angle until it seemed no more than 5 to 6 hundred feet over our heads and was moving down stream in a southerly direction. It seemed to pause about a thousand feet below us and emitted a grapefruit sized ball of fire out each side then simply disappeared. We watched and listened

- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

far some while after this happened to see if it
would reappear, but it didn't, a mile listening
we heard a sound from that general direction
that seemed to sound like a motor running
on a mine motor pulling a trip of coal
cars at a great distance. We did not
necessarily associate this sound with the
object observed but we simply relating the
far information.

Observed the area for about X
so minutes, but saw nothing else.

As a matter of information there is
a upon that artillery Army Reserve meetings
with my brother and myself who tells us
he and another man observed a very
similar sight about one week later while
working on the railroad late one night.
His name in [redacted]
address [redacted]

Page 10 is noted in the top right corner of the document.

- page 16 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ________________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Wv Va
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? ARRESTE PATROLMAN Co. CLERK Dept. Queen
Age 29 Sex MALE

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school 6 YRS e. Technical school
b. High school 6 4/YRS (Type)
c. College B.S. f. Other special training
d. Post graduate 2 hours CREDIT

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 20 JUNE 1960
Day Month Year

- page 17 -

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET

Location: W VA.
Date: 6 June 60   Hour: 0130   Local

WX: Scattered Clouds -   Fair.

Description: Fireball - Brilliant Green Ball
of Fire - Seemed to Exist Two
Smoke Rings - Heard Distinctly
Sound - Duration 3-5 Seconds.

Direction of Motion: Contrary SW

Satellites: (AFCIN-WF3, Phone 69219)   Checked 8 June 60

Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc):   Possibly Meteor

Radar Analysis (AFCIN-AE1)   N/A

Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc)   -

Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc.:   Much Too Fast Fire
Aircraft   -

Other   -

Evaluation of Source Reliability:   Unknown   -

Analysis and Conclusions: THIS OBJECT'S DESCRIPTION AND
THE ASSOCIATED SOUND FITS THAT OF
A METEOR CLASSED AS A "BOLIDE"
THERE WERE A NUMBER OF WITNESSES
INTERVIEWED BY TELE PHONE AND ALL DESCRIPTION
TALLY. IT IS CONCLUDED THAT THIS OBJECT
WAS PROBABLY A "BOLIDE".   Signed.

- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: Remarkable AFTER OBJECT DISAPPEARED.
b. Color: BLUISH - WHITE LIGHT.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please draw an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
                b. Like a bright star
                c. Sharply outlined
                d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

OBJECT SEEMED TO SEPARATE
INTO TWO OBJECTS.

- page 19 -

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

East                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 21 -

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
7   June   60
Day    Month   Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Dont Know

- page 22 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?    Meters Little mph

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?    3000    feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]   W. VA.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? [redacted]
Age   33    Sex   Male

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate

e. o. Technical school
    (Type)
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:   7   June   60   Year
    Day    Month    Year

- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

SAFOI-34/Col Tacker                                 Z308/13 Jun 60

13 June 1960

Dear Mr [redacted]

An Associated Press news story on 7 June indicated that you sighted an Unidentified Flying Object on 6 June at Grand View.

Will you please complete the attached questionnaire and submit it direct to the Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio for evaluation.

Thank you for your interest in this matter.

Sincerely,

Enclosure                                LAWRENCE J. TACKER
                                         Lt. Colonel, USAF
                                         Public Information Division
                                         Office of Information

SAFOI-3a - Comeback
SAFOI-1 - Reading

[Additional illegible text at bottom of page]

- page 24 -

SAFOI-34/Maj. Tacker                  /T3328/13 Jun 60

13 June 1960

Dear

An Associated Press news story on 7 June indicated that you and your brother sighted an Unidentified Flying Object on 6 June at 1:30 A.M. approximately two miles southeast of Millens.

Will you and your brother please complete the attached questionnaire and submit them direct to the Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio for evaluation.

Thank you for your interest in this matter.

Sincerely,

Enclosure                LAWRENCE J. TACKER
                         Major, USAF
                         Public Information Division
                         Office of Information

SAFOI-34 - Cmbk
SAFOI-1  - Reading

- page 25 -

