The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

1. DATE: 18 Dec 60
2. LOCATION: Cincinnati, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1725
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Viewed
5. DURATION OF OBSERVATION: 2 min
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 2
7. COURSE: Civilian
8. NUMBER OF SIGHTINGS: two
9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Two objects moving "very fast" from SE to NW. Described as yellow lights this octic length of 2-3 This rules out a jet aircraft as the observation took place toward setting sun.

- page 1 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document related to Project Blue Book and the investigation of unidentified flying objects.

APCIN-1226

Unidentified Flying Objects

RAPOI-34 (L/Col Tacker)
1. Request that AFRC forms 164 (UFO Questionnaire) be forwarded to the following listed persons:

Mr <redacted>
The Carling Company 
North Haven, Connecticut
Mr <redacted>
Cincinnati 2, Ohio
Mr <redacted>
Director of CSRA 
Washington, D.C.

2. It is also requested that the forms be forwarded directly to ATIC rather than AFRC-FCWSW upon completion by the individuals.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Your reporting the sighting of an unidentified flying object did not contain sufficient information for a valid conclusion. In as much detail as possible and focused on the essential point of the observation, please send us any additional information which we may use in evaluating the report.

Sincerely,
LAWRENCE J. TACKER Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Cincinnati, Ohio

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on Air Force letterhead.

12 January 1961

Dear Miss [redacted],

Your letter reporting the sighting of an unidentified flying object did not contain sufficient information for a valid conclusion.

Enclosed is an Air Force questionnaire which we ask you to complete and return. This will provide us with more details to assist the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center in their evaluation.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. PACKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Information Division
Office of Information

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter or document related to a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

Department of the Air Force
Washington D.C.

Gentlemen,
May we draw your attention to the following event:
Today, Sunday, December 18, at 4:20 P.M. we sighted an object moving across the sky. The object was length about 4-5 feet, a distance from each other and were moving in a straight line to the northeast. The local direction was about Kentucky - southeast. It was a clear, sunny afternoon, and the brilliant objects were visible for about 4-5 minutes.
We are sure that these were not ordinary aircraft, and the brilliant objects passed the usual aircraft appearance.
Yours sincerely
Cincinnati, Ohio
Cincinnati 2, Ohio

- page 5 -

