Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Driving on a straight highway at the west of a hill and then saw something slightly to the right of center of my driving vision slightly to the right of center of my driving vision

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         f. Southwest         h. Northwest
c. East
d. Southeast

28.2 How fast were you moving? 55 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)
Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         f. Southwest         h. Northwest
c. East              i. Overhead
d. Southeast

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         f. Southwest         h. Northwest
c. East              i. Overhead
d. Southeast

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North     45     degrees.
b. From horizon        25     degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North     20-25  degrees.
b. From horizon        10-15  degrees.


- page 1 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, end a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? To navy scientific center to Cape Gloucester the following day

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes (No)

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) (Yes) No of this mysterious title

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I think the object was a satellite some because those now and a satellite some miles over account was given by this person or radio.


- page 3 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
[Handwritten response is partially illegible]

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes     No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
[No response]

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
[Personal details are redacted/blacked out]

Age 55     Sex: male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent:
High School plus adult classes in marketing a business at Iowa State University. Degree in general business with major at Coe College. Now in sales at Buckingham. Was in Defense - (no clear text) at municipal plant. Attended Iowa Savings & Loan as actual business life 1957. Still at Buckingham.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 17     Dec     1961

[Final handwritten note, partially legible]:
"I am not interested in sensation, but only in anything that might help to secure the solution of our wonderful station."

Page 8 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may report information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observer's observations in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: BUCKINGHAM, IOWA
SIGNATURE: [redacted]
DATE: June 19, 1961

Page 9

(Do Not Write in This Space)
CODE:


- page 5 -

HEADQUARTERS
AIR FORCE MISSILE TEST CENTER
AIR RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
PATRICK AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: MTW

SUBJECT: Transmittal of Letter Regarding UFO

TO: ATIC, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

The attached letter was received by this office on 3 Jan 1961.
It is forwarded as a matter of possible interest to your
organization.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of] E. E. COMMONS, JR.
Lt. Colonel, USAF
DCS/Intelligence

1 Atch
Ltr, Buckingham Iowa, 23 Dec 60

3 January 1961


- page 6 -

Missile Pass
Cape Canaveral, Florida

Dear Sirs:

I do not know whether or not this imformation is of any value but I read in a newspaper that you wished any news of falling meteorites, satellites or objects. The phenomena I saw was extraordinary I believe.

This object started in the northeast and traveled from the southeast toward the northwest. It was about 45 to 50 degrees high in the sky and started as an object that appeared to be a jet or satellite; a spot about the size of a large orange star. This was at 5:50 P M Dec 22 1960.

After I spotted it, it traveled about 2 or 3 seconds then developed a tail then it became white in a tear shaped ball that appeared to be 100 times its original size. This white spot traveled about 3 or 4 seconds behind this white spot were spots or sparks( very large) that were orange and trailed a long way behind the ball of white. This I estimate took about 3 or 4 seconds and ended at about 10 to 15 degrees above the horizon. At first I thought a Jet had exploded but the white spot developed too slowly for an explosion. I shall not try to estimate the distance but possibly you can figure it from the angle and trajectory of its flight. I hope that this information may be of some value to you.

Yours truly,
Buckingham Iowa

12-22-60 5:50 P.M. White light with large sparks trailing. Viewed 7 seconds. Observed from Buckingham, Iowa.


- page 7 -

AFCIN-1824

UFO Sighting (

SAFOI-3d (L/Col Tasker)

It is requested that ATIC Form 164 (UFO questionnaire) be forwarded
to r                 for his completion. His address is as follows:

                    Buckingham, Iowa

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components


- page 8 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
22     Dec     60

2. Time of day:
5-     5-0
(Circle One):    A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Buckingham     Iowa

Nearest Postal Address
Additional remarks:

5. How long was object in sight?
7 Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
well during about 55 mph - I noticed about 600 & 650 ft.

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                 NIGHT
a. Bright                           a. Bright
b. Cloudy                           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM
FEB 20 164    This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Handwritten response partially illegible)

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front at:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses         Yes   No
b. Sun glasses        Yes   No
c. Windshield         Yes   No
d. Window glass       Yes   No

e. Binoculars         Yes   No
f. Telescope          Yes   No
g. Theodolite         Yes   No
h. Other


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: None

b. Color: Amber first to white large spot with amber

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch with annotations like "Amber", "white", "South & east", "6 north west"]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
             b. Like a bright star
             c. Sharply outlined
             d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[An empty space for drawing]


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[Handwritten text appears to be partially illegible, but seems to discuss estimating the object's size relative to a match head]

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[Handwritten text appears to discuss the object's disappearance]

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[Handwritten text describes comparing the object to common objects like a jet, discussing its size, movement, and appearance]


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Driving on a straight highway at the west of a hill and then saw something slightly to the right of center of my driving vision slightly to the right of center of my driving vision

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East          e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? 55 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East          e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East          e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ______degrees.
b. From horizon ______degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 20-25 degrees.
b. From horizon 10-15 degrees.


- page 13 -

