16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. COLOR: Object was dark, had red & white lights

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Include any details of the object that you saw. Such as wings, rotations, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch shows multiple circular/oval shapes with arrows indicating movement and notations like "Dim (Hazy)", "White Light", and "Red Light"]

18. The shape of the object was:
a. (Circ'l One): Sharp or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveled.

[A second hand-drawn sketch shows the arrangement of multiple objects with an arrow indicating their travel direction]


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion of the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. 160 to 200 feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half Dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Base ball
i. Grapefruit
j. Baseball
k. Other:

22.1 (Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to question 22):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Faded away

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give to same appearance as the object which you saw:

[The last response is partially illegible, with some handwritten text that cannot be fully transcribed]


- page 2 -

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?26. Here you (circle one):
    a. In a building?                 (26)b. In the business part on of the city.
    c. In a car?                      d. In the residential section of the
    d. Outdoors?                         city.
    e. In an airplane?                e. In open countryside.
    f. At sea?                        f. Flying near an airfield.
    g. Other:                         g. Flying over a city.
                                      h. Flying over open country.
                                      i. Other:

26. That were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?26.

29. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
    29.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
        a. North                      c. East                   e. South                   g. West
        b. Northeast                  d. Southeast              f. Southwest               h. Northwest

    29.2 How fast were you moving?                             miles per hour.

    29.3 Did you stop or try to stop while you were looking at the object?
        (Circle One)                  Yes                      NO

    29.4 What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
        a. North                      c. East                   e. South                   g. West
        b. Northeast                  d. Southeast              f. Southwest               h. Northwest

    30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
        a. North                      c. East                   e. South                   g. West
        b. Northeast                  d. Southeast              f. Southwest               h. Northwest

    31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular directions), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was under from the horizon (elevation).
        31.1 When it first appeared:
            a. From true North                     degrees.
            b. From horizon                        degrees.

        31.2 When it disappeared:
            a. From true North                     degrees.
            b. From horizon                        degrees.


- page 3 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon(skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon(skyline)when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

The text is accompanied by two hand-drawn sketches: the first is a curved line with fan-like lines spreading from a point, and the second is a more complex sketch with a stick figure, some curved lines, and various markings.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

3'. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a.Clear
b.Hazy
c.Scattered clouds
d.Thick or heavy clouds
e.Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a.No wind
b.Slight breeze
c.Strong wind
d.Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a.Dry
b.Fogmist or lightrsin
c.Moderate or heavy rain
d.Snow
e.Don't remember

34.4 Temperature (Circle One)
a.Cold
b.Cool
c.Warm
d.Hot
e.Don't remember

35. Then did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
22     August     1960
Day     Month     Year

36. Has anyone else with you when you saw the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses [redacted]

37. Is this the first time you had seen an object like this?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, and under what circumstances did you see the other ones?
[blank line]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[partially illegible handwritten text]


- page 5 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?  ________________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)     Yes     No

IF you answered Yes, how far away would you say it was? ________________ feet

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
[Personal details are redacted/blacked out]

What is your present job? ________________

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate

e. Technical school (Type) ________________
f. Other special training ________________

Note your completion of this questionnaire:
                                Day         Month         Year

Names and Ages of Other Observers:
13 years
8 years
11 years
12 years
14 years

(CR2, CR-9 = Granite, PR-3 = Prescott)


- page 6 -

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET

Location Quincy, Mass
Date (Local) 12 Aug 60       Hour (Local) 0100
                              Hour (Z Time Group) 126657 Aug 60

Satellites (Det 5 ATIC, Ext 3279) ---------------

Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc) ------------

Radar Analysis (AFCIN-461) N/A

Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc) ------------

Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc. ------------ Possibly Helicopter

Other: Prob overactive imagination

Evaluation of Source Reliability: unknown

Analysis and Conclusions: The sky conditions was reported to be hazy with
mist, and did not fit with many stars showing. . .

[The rest of the handwritten text is partially legible, but appears to describe a helicopter sighting and some observations about the object's location and movement.]

The document is signed at the bottom right with a signature.


- page 7 -

Red Bluff Area, California
12-24 Aug 6@
Separate Folder


- page 8 -

August 13, 1960

Commanding Officer
Hanscom Air Force Base
Bedford, Massachusetts

Dear Sir:

This letter refers to the telephone call that you received on 12 August, 1960, concerning a probable U.F.O. sighting over the Quincy, Massachusetts area. Enclosed is a copy of the U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, Form A.

Would you please forward this report to the Air Technical Intelligence Center. Thank-you.

Sincerely yours


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Air Technical Intelligence Center

August 13, 1960

Dear Sir:

Enclosed herein is a copy of the U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, Form 164.

The U.F.C. was sighted 12 August, 1960, at 1:05 A.M. in the southeastern quadrant of the sky, approximately 100 above the horizon.

It was sighted by the following 6 persons, while observing the Perseid Meteor Shower:

[Note: A section with names is blacked out]

The object was delicate to observe to an unaided lens, but became it both saw it as a specific course, the observed it with 7" meters, 50 millimeter binoculars, which were being used to observe meteors. In the binoculars, such terms as "field," "area," and "field of view" were used. Field of view, at the time, 1:05 a.m., the object was in a darker portion of the sky. The object appeared as a bright disk, which was red, one or the "most of the object," and the other was on the back of the object. White lights appeared in series, on either side.

The object was then viewed in a 3" F. 10.5 Reflecting Telescope and the same was seen in the binoculars.

It moved steadily at a low angle, about 40° above the horizon, and when it was in the southwestern section of the sky, it stopped, and the red lights on the bottom started to revolve steadily, and increased in number at same. This was first seen with the binoculars and subsequently by the rest of the group. The group observed it, the back side was tilted up and a portion of a dark disk was seen, also an indication of white light. The object leveled off as the disk was once more invisible.

Then the object gradually faded in the area of the red lights, decreased, and it began from the west to the north, and then to the east, completing its first circle.

The object then continued toward the east to south, but this time it was caught in the moon's glow. The rotated sunlight increased the red light and also the white light and the profile of the object was visible.


- page 10 -

This complete profile was first seen by Dr. [illegible] and the profile was by the time [illegible] and binoculars, and telescopes in the area the object had moved out of the normal area. I did not see the house because I was in the front of the house, under a streetlight seeking my camera, so I could take a picture of the object. The object then headed south where I photographed it using a 10 second exposure.

The object then headed west where we tried to signal it with a high powered flashlight. We signaled it in a series of dots and dashes, signaling either faster or slower according to time, and it seemed to have red lights. Then the object headed north and from there it headed east where it faded out rapidly at 14 by increasing distance.

This extra report was made to give a brief summary of the entire sighting.

I think there is an excellent possibility that I obtained a photograph of the object. If so the object will be examined as I used a ten second exposure, without tracking, so the object crossed the field. The camera was 616 film, and has either time or instant exposures.

I will not have the film developed, so that if you need it in the future, you can send for it, and process it yourself.

Yours truly,
[signature redacted]


- page 11 -

HEADQUARTERS
3245TH OPERATIONS GROUP
3245TH AIR BASE WING
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
LAURENCE G. HANSCOM FIELD, BEDFORD, MASSACHUSETTS

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: CMOB/MSgt McLennan/3309                                   9 Sep 1960

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Report

TO: Air Technical Intelligence Center
    Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

The enclosed UFO Report is forwarded for evaluation in accordance
with paragraph 14 b, AFR 200-2, for further analysis.

KENNETH J. BENOIT, Major, USAF
Chief, Base Operations Division

3 Atch
1. USAF Tech Info Sheet
2. Ltr fm
3. UFO Summary, 12 Aug 1960


- page 12 -

U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet
Form A

Sighting of U.F.O. on August 12, 1960 by the following:

[Two lines of text are redacted/blacked out]


- page 13 -

COPY

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET                FORM A

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. You need not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information to help us that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?    5th August 1960
   DATE                            YEAR

2. Time of day: 11:05               
   (Circle One):                    A.M. or P.M.

3. Place seen:                      Time zone:
   (Circle One): a. Eastern         (Circle one): a. Daylight Saving
                 b. Central         b. Standard
                 c. Mountain
                 d. Pacific
                 e. Other

4. [Partially redacted text]

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:    10      HOURS    MINUTES    SECONDS

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to question 5:
    a. Certain (W/...) b. Not very sure

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   (Circle One): a. Bright Daylight         d. Just a trace of daylight
                 b. Dull Daylight           e. No trace of daylight
                 c. Bright twilight          f. Don't Remember

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, or NIGHT, WHERE was the sun located?
   (Circle One): a. In front of you         d. to your left
                 b. In back of you          e. Overhead
                 c. To your right            f. Don't remember


- page 14 -

If you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAY, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - "site" dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. If it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. 4 mile or more away (a distant car)
b. Several blocks away
c. 1 block away
d. Several yards away
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush or at any time?
c. Break into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Spin, wobble, or rotate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly, a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know   If you answered YES, to what is meant behind?

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly, a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know   If you answered YES, tell what it moved in front of

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent? c. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sunglasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window -glass Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other: Noted type


- page 15 -

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. COLOR: Object was dark, had red & white lights

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Include any details of the object that you 1966 saw such as wings, rotations, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch with multiple object shapes, some with circles, V-shapes, and directional arrows]

18. The shape of the object was:
(circle one): Sharp or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveled.

[Another hand-drawn sketch showing multiple objects and their arrangement]


- page 16 -

