PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 9 Apr 60
2. LOCATION: Arcata, California
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 1350 GMT
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: n/a
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
9. COURSE: n/a

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Source was taking a picture of the setting sun through an 3 inch telescope and when the picture was developed an object was on the picture between the camera and the setting sun.

11. COMMENTS:
Analysis of the photograph led to the opinion that the spot was a defect in the emulsion.

12. CONCLUSIONS: (Checked boxes not visible in this image)

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52) is noted at bottom of form

- page 1 -

7777TH AIRCRAFT CONTROL AND WARNING SQUADRON
United States Air Force
Klamath Air Force Station
Requa, California

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:
SUBJECT: Information on Telescope Photograph
           at Mt. [illegible], Arcata, California

TO:   Air Technical Intelligence Center
       Wright Patterson Air Force Base
       Ohio

In compliance with paragraph 15g and 19a, AFR 200-2, the following data is submitted:

15g--Weather and Winds--Aloft conditions at time and place of sighting.

(1) High clouds with partial obscurement of sun immediately following photograph.

(2) This information is retained by weather stations locally for only six hours, not available.

(3) 2500 scattered, high broken with cirrus.

(4) 10 miles

(5) Approximately 3 tenths

(6) N/A

(7) Temperature 49° Dew Point 39°
    (a) Station Pressure 29.88
    (b) Altimeter setting 30.11 hg

NOTE: Weather Report at Eureka, Calif., for this period; 7/10 sky covers 3 1830 PST. 20 miles visibility. Between 1800-1900 PST there was approximately 50 minutes of direct sunshine.

19a--Photographic

1. Prior to this investigation, the negative and prints were sent to: Director of Operations, 78th Fighter Wing, Hamilton AFB, Calif.

2. N/A

- page 2 -

3. Supplemental Information
(a) Rilex (cut film type)
(b) Brandon Orthoscopic 2/mm eyepiece substituted for ....
(c) Kodek Panatomic X
(d) 1/50
(e) 4.5°
(f) None
(g) Equatorial Mount (solid stand)
(h) No
(i) Approximately 270°, 0° elevation with respect to ....

4. Equipment
(a) Rilex (no lens) See 3b above
(b) 4.5° to 32r
(c) 1/10 to 1/200

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: This photograph was taken on 9 Apr 60 at 1830 PST. A subsequent photo was taken at 1855 but the object partially obscured at this time and the pictures did not reveal object that appeared in the first photograph.

[Signature]
CLAUDE H. SAWYER
Capt., USAF
Investigating Officer

2 Atch
1. Diagram
2. cy msg 250IN 4-2930

Copies to:
250IN:

2

- page 3 -

The text I can discern on this page includes:

"ECL 484"

"Filament"

"Sight Geometry"

The page appears to be a hand-drawn technical diagram or sketch with rectangular shapes and lines, but the text is minimal and partially illegible due to the image quality.

- page 4 -

Arcata, Calif.
21 April 1960

Director of Operations
4825 Bldg. Wing
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Sir:

Enclosed you will find three photos you requested and two sets of negatives. It was taken at 100 ft to 150 ft from the ground with a Kodak Pony camera through this telescope. After taking the picture, I was looking through the telescope and noticed a black object in the sky. These pictures were taken near Arcata Base, April 9, 1960.

The negatives accompanying these pictures have been badly smudged and are not good to tell its significance.

Before leaking to any body conclusion several chemical tests will be made. I was at about 10:00 o'clock on April 9, the official first conclusion. All pictures were taken as a series, and some produce an artifact on sun, moon and other well known celestial objects. Heavily in favor of this as a real event.

If your own evaluation differs from mine, I shall greatly appreciate your telling me in what way. I am not a professional photographer, but this does not disqualify your looking at these. Unfortunately, I happen to be somewhat at a loss because this is a field thing, and I know that is tough in this line of work.

I am not a UFO fan. On the contrary, the material was taken through a telescope which people coincidence. I am usually out looking at the sky when these phenomena occur.

But to get to the facts: All three pictures were taken on Kodak Plus-X Pan film, developing in 1/50, exposure 3 and 3 1/2, focal length 1/250, the telescope tube was an 8 miles orthoscopic lens. The gyroscopic telescope tube was used with an orthoscopic eyepiece. The focal length is important because the place an orthoscopic frame could be located is important in determining the size and shape of the object.

Pictures will be sent with the film holder a long with the negatives. You will notice I was using a regular 8mm camera to shoot these pictures.

- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Arcata Photo

The telescope itself, on the way, is an approximate 8" or 
9" / 8" focal length, but the mirror is pretty closely figured.

I'm pleased to confirm you Fig are 75, which is a fairly good 
test picture for a change. As to what to exhibit of work that 
will illustrate the condition of visibility when there is no obvious 
defect, you will see detail occupying more or less dense space 
than the image in question.

Please tell me there you disagree with the following analysis:

1 Any image, to make sharply and clearly as an incoming 
image on the film, with such an optical system as mine, must 
be located at one or two places: (1) the object itself, must be 
at a well outside the instrument at theoretical or infinity which, 
in this case, would be some miles distant. I move to show the 
Eureka, eight miles from noon or star to the city of 
Eureka. Inside the instrument at the Focus of the object could 
be inside the instrument at the Focus of the eye lens. (2) 
were any. Or (3) the object could be directly on the film or 
in the film itself.

2 We can rule out extraneous light. This causes blurr and smears, 
besides, the image in question was caused not so much by 14-ft 
or the presence of it or by an obstruction to light.

3 We can dismiss number (c) because an object at the focal 
point of the lens would have been sharp and photographed in very 
fine detail. Gross hairs show up here and the strong and exact 
obstruction is clearly defined at this point. In this 
instrument, there is nothing here except empty air.

4 In examining the possibilities in number (2), we see right 
away that this negatively contains a number of blemishes and de-
fects. One such defect occupies a position on the nature point 
this was a bubble in the confluence of an ink situation.

In looking up artifacts of various kinds, we usually find 
no matter how much we enter, the edges are hard and sharp. 
Obstruction are not affected by development. Elaborate on the 
particular image and you will find that development took place 
only at the edges but some the obstruction will become an 
artifact or through development. This is semi-
a while. A drop of moisture on the 9" film caused development for 
do it. The soldier was located 24 hours before. The drop 
would have and take 6-7 or a lesser time to produce the 
effect. And if it dried, a microscopic hole could be part of 
an artifact. This would be, again, located on the film in the develop-
ing account for later unevenness. But no. A microscopic hole 
of an artifact on the negative produces something else.

- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Arcata Photo

5. There is diffraction very much in evidence and distortion is the landing of light around an obstruction. In this case of the image on film, falling on a 14 inch around lens, the obstruction to create a halo effect. The halo is even visible to the naked eye in the print or enlargement. It is even more in evidence in the negative. Note the hazy area around the white image with a big decreased loss. Sometimes practically the local or the surface of the film itself may show this kind of diffraction but we have no rules of this kind.

6. But if the image was not caused by something on the film or at the focus of the eyepiece, where was it located? It could not have been on the face of the film as the film would have been checked, so we were suspect images. This telescope takes reasonably good snapshot photos, clearly showing nature and pointing out details. These spots are called smudge, and we know these images are clearly in focus, so is witnessed by some rather delicate perfection effects along the edges and at the cotton of the film. In this case, the position at any point is distinctly, too, most short distortion due to perfection.

7. If the object is really spherical, then it does show distortion and in the same rough place as the Sun shows it. But it does not show as much. And even if it were not on the sun's surface but was between North and South, it would still pass through the same shifting layers of air of varying density that cause the distortion of the sun image. And if it would certainly be altered. It must, then, be positioned somewhat inside the Earth's envelope of atmosphere.

8. If the object is real, what is it like? If we accept the object, we must accept the other facts about the image. There is a light within inside the confluence. An examination of the Moon photo points up the fact that this instrument can position features this small and smaller. The image is either a real image or a transit point - or is it? Possibly a light source.

CONCLUSION: A spherical, translucent object in action somewhere near the Earth's atmosphere, its size anywhere from 10 to 400 feet in diameter, depending on its distance.

Under the microscope you will see the darker area around the halo's (distributed to distortion) is composed of grains partially spread in clusters, the chemical pattern of which seems to flood. Here may be found the final proof of whether this is a picture or not.

Yours,
Arcata, Calif.

- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

ATCN-462/Maj Friend/amc/39216/typed 27 June 60

TO Photograph (Br)

SAFOI-3d (L/Col Tucker)

1. Reference copy of attached letter to Director of Intelligence, Fighter Wing, Hamilton AFB, California, from dated 21 April 1960.

2. Transmitted three photographs with his correspondence. Two of the photographs were of the sun and one of the moon, which refer to the photographs of the sun as #1 and #2, and to the photograph of the moon as #3. Photograph #1 is an object which the witness refers to as a "glare".

3. Analysis of the photograph by the photoanaylsis branch of ATIC led to the opinion that the work was a defect. In the evaluation similar to such defects which they have experienced.

4. Requested that if the ATIC conclusion differed from his that our reasons be formulated to him. It is suggested that the information contained in paragraphs 3 through 12 of this correspondence be included in your reply to Mr.

5. Stated that the configuration and focus of his equipment was unchanged for the photograph of the sun and the moon. If this is true it must be assumed, due to the sharp detail of the moon photograph, that the photographs of the sun are out of focus by a factor approximating 25.7%.

6. From the information provided concerning his equipment, it was determined that the resolving power of his telescope is .58". However, most systems which are used for viewing astronomical objects have resolving power comparable to two points that can be resolved rather than a linear separation. When viewing such objects as stars they are never points of light, but condensed disks of a small round disk. Normally by one or more rings on it. While this large form is due primarily to the wave nature of light and the fact that the objective (lens) is circular. The resolving power of the telescope indicates a limit of detail on the moon photograph to approximately 51.70 kilometers (33.5 miles), but actual measurement shows a certain clear to 16 kilometers. This is the absence of the spurious disc effect when viewing such objects as the moon.

COORDINATION:

[Signature and date at bottom]

- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

7. The object of concern to [redacted] appears to be very nearly in focus. The witness pointed out in his letter that it could not be at the focus of the eyepiece for there is only empty air at this point. (To confirm, however, have been a particular in the area). The other possibility is at the focus of the system, and this has already been pointed out in paragraph 9 as being at the mount's distance. If this is true then the diameter of the object would be approximately 15 kilometers (21.5 mi), just at the limit of resolution of the system.

8. [Redacted] indicates that diffraction is very much in evidence around the object. This may be true of the negative, but escapes detection on the prints forwarded to ATIC.

9. The witness indicates that the object is distorted in the same direction as the sun. Measurement by ATIC shows the object for all practical purposes to be equal in all directions.

10. Distortion of the sun in the vertical plane is a common phenomena at sunset, and is due primarily to refraction. Other irregular distortions may occur which result from discontinuities in the atmosphere. Since this photograph was taken during the last two seconds of sunset, it would appear that if this were a real object it would have shown these distortions.

11. [Redacted] concludes that the object is translucent, and the spot on the film does have a brighter appearance near center, but this is probably due to irregularly in the defect.

12. The two photographs of the sun were taken at Arcata, California (16:29'N - 124°05'W) on 9 April 1960, #1 at 1850 PST and #2 at 1855 PST. At this position astronomical sunset was at 1809 (local). Mr. Abbey's observation was 20°, and is roughly approximately 1600 to and from the time to the time of sunset, it is possible that the witness made an error in time or was at some point with an increased elevation.

13. The photographs are being retained at ATIC as a part of this case file.

14. The [redacted] address is: [redacted], Arcata, California

FOR THE COMMANDER

NICHOLAS PEAT
Acting Deputy
Science and Components

1 Atch
by DE 21 APR 60 Fp

- page 9 -

04-32/Lt Col Tucker/amy/T8291

8 July 1960

Dear Mr.

This is to acknowledge your letter of 21 April 1960 addressed to Hamilton Air Force Base concerning unidentified flying objects shown on photographs submitted with your letter.

Analysis of the photographs by the Air Force lead to the opinion that the spots were defects in the emulsion.

No diffraction can be detected in the photographs and measurements show the object for all practical purposes to be equal in all directions.

Distortion of the sun in the vertical plane is a common phenomenon in causes, and is due primarily to refraction. Other irregular distortion may occur which results from discontinuities in the atmosphere. Since this phenomenon was taken during the last few seconds of sunset, it would appear that if this were a real object it would have shown these distortions.

With your permission, the Air Force would like to retain the photographs in this case for the official file. This is not possible, please let me know and I will return the photographs to you immediately.

Thank you very much for your interest in this matter.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE W. TUCKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr.
Arcata, California

04-31 comeback
ol-1 render

- page 10 -

This case contains
2, 2x3" negatives, 1, 5x5"
photographs and 2, 8x10"
photographs.

- page 11 -

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATIN OFF:    AFOIN-462

SUBJECT:     Photoanalysis

DATE:        3 May 1960

TO:          AFOIN-464

The attached UFO report, photographs, and negatives are forwarded for
your analysis and comments.

[Signature of Richard R. Shoop]
RICHARD R. SHOOP
Colonel, USAF
AFOIN-462

1 Atch
Ltr 21 Apr 60 fr M8th TG
w/atch photos and negatives

Ltr. AFOIN-462,3 May 1960, UFO

1st. Ind (AFOIN-464a)                                   19 May 60

TO: AFOIN-462 (Col R. R. Shoop)

1. The attached negative has been analyzed and from a photo stand-
point the object in question cannot be explained.

2. In an effort to solve the problem Dr. V. Robinson, Air Sciences
Division (464), G/O W. Kierster, Chief of Photo Processing Branch
(ADLO), and Mr. L. Griffith, Equipment Support Branch (A3S) were
contacted. In each case it was the opinion that the spot was a
defect in the emulsion, similar to another had been seen in the
past.

[Signature of Wilber Price, Jr.]
WILBER PRICE, JR.
Chief, AFOIN-464A

1 Atch
no change

- page 12 -

7. The object of concern is [redacted] appears to be very nearly in focus. The witness pointed out in his letter that it could not be at the focus of the eyepiece for three is only empty air at this point. (it could, however, have been a particle in the air). Another possibility is at the focus of the system, and this was already been pointed out in paragraph 9 as being at a few thousand feet distance. If this is true, then the diameter of the object would be approximately 15 kilometers (9.3 mi), just at the limit of resolution of the system.

8. [Redacted] indicates that diffraction is very much in evidence around the object this may be true of the negative, but escapes detection on the print formed.

9. The witness indicates that the object is distorted in the same direction as the sun. Measurement by ATIC shows the object for all practical purposes to be equal in all directions.

10. Distortion of the sun in the vertical plane is a common phenomena at sunset, and is due primarily to refraction. Other irregular distortions may occur which result from discontinuities in the atmosphere. Since this photograph was taken during the last few seconds of sunset, it would appear that if this were a real object it would have shown these distortions.

11. [Redacted] concludes that the object is translucent, and the spot on the film does have a brighter appearing center, but this is probably due to irregularity in the dorset.

12. The two photographs of the sun were taken at Arcata, California (40°52'N - 124°05'W) on 9 April 1960, #1 at 1050 PDT and #2 at 1155 PDT. At this position astronomical sunset was at 1919 (local). The elevation was 207', and it requires approximately 1000' to add four minutes to the time of sunset. The witness made an error in time as noted point with an increased elevation.

13. The photographs are being retained at ATIC as a part of this case file.

14. [Redacted] address is: [Redacted]
    Arcata, California

FOR THE COMMANDER:

NICHOLAS POST
Acting Deputy
Science and Components

1 Incl:
[Partially redacted text]

- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFOIN-42

UFO Photograph (Nr)                                                30 JUN 1960

LAPOU-3a (t/Sgt Tucker)

1. Reference copy of attached letter to Director of Operations, 78th Fighter Wing, Hamilton AFB, California, from the dated 21 April 1960.

2. [Redacted] married three photographs with his correspondence. Two of these photographs were of the sun and one of the moon. He refers to the photographs of the sun as #1 and #2, and to the photograph of the moon as #3. On photograph #1 is an object which the witness refers to as a flying disc.

3. Analysis of the photograph by the photoanalysis branch of ATIC led to the opinion that the spot was a defect in the emulsion similar to such defects which they have experienced.

4. [Redacted] requested that if the ATIC conclusion differed from his that our reasons be forwarded to him. It is suggested that the information contained in paragraph 3 through 12 of his correspondence be included in your reply to [redacted].

5. [Redacted] stated that the configuration and focus of his equipment was unchanged for the photograph of the sun and the moon. If this is true it must be assumed, due to the sharp detail of the moon photograph, that the photographs of the sun are out of focus by a factor approximating 28.75.

6. From the information provided by [redacted] concerning his equipment, it was determined that the resolving power of his telescope is .50. However, most systems which are usual for viewing astronomical objects have their resolving power expressed in terms of angular separation of two points that can be resolved rather than a linear separation. When viewing such objects as astronomical objects, but considering a small round disc surrounded by one or more rings of light, this image form is due primarily to the wave nature of light and the fact that the objective (lens) is circular. The resolving power of the telescope indicates a limit of detail on the moon photograph to approximately 61.9 kilometers (33.5 mi), but actual measurement shows a closer to 15 kilometers. This is due to the absence of the spurious disc affect when viewing such objects as the moon.

- page 14 -

Director of Operations
75th Fighter Wing
Hamilton AFB, California

Dear Sir:

Enclosed you will find two supplementary photos. Photo #1 is taken at 6150 P.M. on 29 April 1960 near Hamilton AFB, California. Five minutes later and Picture #3 is 1/8 Moon. Picture #2 was taken at the same time as Picture #1 with camera on focal length of 50 mm, taken on 29 April 1960.

The negatives accompanying these pictures have been easily logged, and are now enough to tell a "rough" story. I hope you will bear with me.

Before letting to any hasty conclusion perhaps, the spherical grey image at about 10:00 o'clock on Picture #1 will prove to be the same as the first conclusion. All pilots will allow me as to just what I have had quite a bit of experience with such photos. On the Moon, even some produced by static electricity and the evidence here, can very rarely be read in favor of this or that fact.

If your own evaluation differs from mine, I shall greatly appreciate your telling me in whatever detail you wish. For all obvious reasons, in so doing, you will be making a contribution to this phase of astronomy in this area because this is a field in which, unfortunately, I happen to know more than anyone else. I do some teaching and am connected with virtually everything that is taught in this line here.

I am not a UFO fan. On the contrary, the Huntsville Times makes it quite clear that most people see and make of "mystery objects" which people can hardly classify. By coincidence, I usually am not looking at the sky, and when these phenomena occur.

Set to set, so the factor. All three pictures were taken on Panatomic X film camera of the Graphic Fairchild camera used at 1/50, numbers 2 and 3 at 1/25. The Killian camera is fitted to the telescope tube and the Alphar shutter is without lens. The eyepiece of the telescope, no photographic function, is 24 mm. Focus length takes the place of 40mm camera lenses. The Sun was a dim light and I used the full 6" aperture of the telescope. This is important because of some detail claimed. You probably know the formula by which resolving power varies with diameter of aperture or size of objective.

Picture #1 was taken with the film holder square with the equinox and roughly so as since I was using a central mount on heaven ground. Picture #2, October, was taken with the film holder with the image and horizon.

- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Arcata photo

The telescope itself, by the way, is an approximate 6/5 or 49.3/4" focal length but the mirror is pretty close, figured.

My purpose in sending you Picture #3, which is a fairly good moon picture for an amateur, is to show the ability of NOTS that had been previously shown. While in average, taken under average conditions of visibility when there is no increase. On this photo you will see details occupying much less degree space than the instrument, in question.

Please tell me where you disagree with the following analysis:

1. Any image, to register sharply and clearly as in focus must have (1) with focal point of camera, must be located at one of three places: (1) the object making the image must be well outside the instrument at theoretic infinity radius, (2) in this case, would be going off at distant. I have to change the focus slightly when I look from moon or stars to the city of Eureka, eight air miles from my back yard. (2) The object could be inside the instrument, as the focus is the focal length from the position which would be occupied by cross hairs, if there were any. Or (3) the object could be directly on the film or in the film itself.

2. We can rule out extraneous light. This causes blurs and smears. Besides, the image in question was caused not so much by light as by the absence of it or by an obstruction to light.

3. We can dismiss number (c) because an object at the focal length of the eyepiece will not seem and photographed in very same detail. Cross hairs being used, will show, even a speck of dust or lint is clearly defined at this point. In this instrument, there is nothing here except empty air.

4. In examining the possibilities in number (c), we see first that this film makes certain numbers and facts. One such defect occupies a position on the picture about two inches to the right of our image and has become a white dot. This was a trouble in the "windows" or in the film manufacture. In blowing up artifacts of various kinds, we usually find that no matter how small or negligible, the edges are sharp and short. This confirms we are dealing with a film manufacture defect. Obstruction are not affected by development. Enlarge this particular image and you find a development took place not only along the edges but across the image.

The obstruction that occurs is a slight defect that is semi-transparent or translucent. It looks almost like a veil. A drop of moisture on the film during exposure might do it. But the blemishes looked at home before the exposure. Two drops of water have a tendency to alter a film's characteristics. And if it dried, a microscope would reveal the fact. A bubble of air, clean, looking on a film would reveal details in the developing area. This would account for these unusual appearances. But no telescope or microscope can replace a questioning mind.

- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

Arcata Photo

5. There is diffraction very much in evidence and diffraction to the bending of light around an obstruction and, in the case of an image of film, the film acts up to its limits. None of the bending of the obstruction to create a halo effect. The halo is even visible to the naked eye. In the point spread function. It is even more in evidence in the negative. Note the darker area around the white image with a high powered glass. Comparing testing locally on the same film. Clearly only this kind of diffraction but the nature of this image rules out anything free or loose on the film.

6. But if the image was not caused by something on the film or at the focus of the camera, where was it located? It could not have been on the lens or the Sun itself. If it had been shredded, as were the sunspot images. This telescope takes good newspaper photos, slow moving pictures, and some images are clearly in focus, as is witnessed by some rather reliable references. Picture #2. If this image occupies a position at any acceptable distance, it, too, must show distortion due to refraction.

7. In does, and this clarifies the plane as the distortion of the Sun-image. Blow is up and you can see. This, however, may be a weakness or the case. To say that there is obviously no mass around the object in the first place.

8. If the object is really spherical, then it does show distortion and is the same rough plane as the Sun shows it. This is true not only as much and as well as if we are on the Sun's surface but was between Earth and Sun, it would still pass through the same shifting layers of air of varying density that cause the distortion. The Sun image would be equally altered. It must, then, be positioned somewhat inside the Earth's envelope of atmosphere.

9. If the object is real, what is it? If we accept the 15 light pattern points up the fact that with this instrument. On rotation features could be seen - either semi-transparent or translucent - or is itself a light source.

CONCLUSION: A spherical, translucent object in motion somewhere inside the earth's atmosphere, its size anywhere from 10 to 400 feet in diameter, depending on its distance.

Under the microscope you will see that the darker area around the image (attributed to diffraction) is composed of several particularly oriented in clusters, with somewhat similar to floor. Here may be found the final proof of whether this is a picture or not.

Yours,
Arcata, Calif.

- page 17 -

Picture #9
Waxing Moon
April 6, 1960  7:39 P.M. PST
Arcata (Jimmy Bree)
California

- page 18 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Top label, partially readable]
DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY
(Courtesy Army 1960)

The main image appears to be a black and white photograph of what seems to be an oval-shaped object or formation, with some darker areas or shadows within the white background. The image is grainy and appears to be from a scientific or investigative document.

- page 19 -

Picture taken at
Arcata, Humboldt Co.
California, April 1960

- page 20 -

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ATIC-L52

SUBJECT: UFO Photograph (Jr.)                                 30 JUN 1960

TO: SAFOI-34 (L/Col Tocker)

1. Reference copy of attached letter to Director of Operations, 78th Fighter Wing, Hamilton AFB, California, from Mr. dated 24 April 1960.

2. Mr. forwarded three photographs with his correspondence. Two of these photographs were of the sun and one of the moon. Photographs of the sun as #1 and #2, and the photograph #3 is an object which the moon is a faint area in a fly-by.

3. Analysis of the photograph by the photoanalysis branch of ATIC led to the opinion that the spot was a defect in the emulsion similar to such defects which they have experienced.

4. Mr. requested that if the ATIC conclusion differed from his that reasons be forwarded to him. It is suggested that the information contained in paragraphs 8 through 12 of his correspondence be included in your reply to him.

5. Mr. stated that the configuration and focus of his equipment was unchanged for the photograph of the sun and the moon. In this photograph, he noted that the sharp detail of the moon photo suggests that the photographs of the sun and moon are out of focus by a factor approximating 98.7%.

6. From the information provided by Mr. concerning his equipment, it was determined that the resolving power of his telescope is .65". However, most systems which are used for viewing astronomical objects have their resolving power expressed in terms of angular separation of two points that can be resolved rather than a linear separation. When viewing such objects as stars they are more points of light, but consist of a small round disc surrounded by one or more rings of light. This area for a primary mirror to the wavelength can be resolved to a point closer to the fact that the objective (lens) is circular. The resolving power of such a telescope, indicated by the moon photograph, is approximately 61.79 kilometers (35.5 M.), but actual measurement shows detail closer to 45 kilometers. This is due to the absence of the primary disc when viewing such objects as the moon.

- page 21 -

7. The object of concern to the witness appears to be very nearly in focus. The witness pointed out in his letter that it could not be at the focus of the system is only at its point (it could, however, have been a particle in the air). The other possibility is at the focus of the system, and this has already been pointed out in a paragraph #5 as being at the point's distance. If this is true, then the diameter of the object would be approximately 15 kilometers (21.5 NM), just at the limit of resolution of the system.

8. [Illegible text] indicates that diffraction is very much in evidence around the object, this may be true of the negative, but escapes detection on the prints forwarded to ATIC.

9. The witness indicates that the object is distorted in the same direction as the sun. Measurements by ATIC shows the object for all practical purposes to be equal in all directions.

10. Distortion of the sun in the vertical plane is a common phenomena in sunsets, and is due primarily to refraction. Other irregular distortions may occur which result from discontinuities in the atmosphere. Since this photograph was taken during the last few seconds of sunset, it would appear that if this were a real object it would have shown these distortions.

11. [Illegible text] concludes that the object is translucent, and the spot on the film shows a brighter appearance, but this is probably due to irregularity in the defect.

12. The two photographs of the sun were taken at Arcata, California (10°52'N - 121°05'W) on 7 April 1960, at 1850 PST and #2 at 1855 PST. At this position astronomical sunset was at 1819 (local). Elevation was 200', and no apparent local topographical features. It is possible that the witness made an error in time of sunset. It is possible that an error in time or was at some point with an increased elevation.

13. The photographs are being retained at ATIC as a part of this case file.

14. Address is: [Redacted]
Arcata, California

FOR THE COMMANDER

NICHOLAS POST
Acting Deputy
Science and Components

1 Atch:
Cy Ind 21 Apr 60 fr

- page 22 -

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

11 April 1960

ANGIN-4KR/53117

Extract from ATIC Duty Officers Report

TO: ANGIN-482

Following is an extract from ATIC Duty Officers, Capt H. S. Baumgarten, 
report dated 9 April 1960 for your information:

0845 Major Sizemore, AF Command Post, Pentagon, phoned in the
following information from Capt. Ellison, NORAD Western
Region, Hamilton AFB, California.

Arceta, 
California home phone office phone

Mr. [redacted] was taking a picture of the setting sun through an 8" telescope
at 0703, 10 April 1960. When he developed film, pictures
revealed perfectly round object between sun and earth,
comparable in size to Mercury or Venus. As an occurrence,
he says that there could not be a heavenly body in that
position."

Major Sizemore indicated:
1). AF Command Post considers the matter as "Interesting"
but "with no urgency"

2). Mr. [redacted] is a newspaper man and has the finest camera
equipment, so the picture is probably not due to faulty
equipment.

3). Mr. [redacted] is keeping film until he hears from AF (ATIC).

[Signature and additional markings at bottom of document]

- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

JOINT MESSAGEFORM

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED

FROM: ATIC, W-P AFB

TO: HAMILTON AFB, CALIF

INFO/FROM: AFCIN-M52

ATTN 27TH ADV INTELL. CAPT ELLISON, WESTERN NORAD REGION, JOUR STATION, RELAYED THE FOLLOWING INFO TO AFCIP: MR [REDACTED]

TOOK A PICTURE OF THE SETTING SUN THROUGH AN 8" TELESCOPE AT C2054, 10 APR 60. WHEN THE FILM WAS DEVELOPED AN OBJ APPEARED ON THE FILM BETWEEN THE SUN AND THE EARTH. REQ YOU CONTACT MR [REDACTED]

AND ALL INFO AS OUTLINED IN AFR 200-2, DTD 14 SEPT 59, PAR 15% AND PAR 19a, PLUS THE PRINTS AND NEGATIVES, BE SENT TO THIS CENTER. MR [REDACTED] ADDRESS IS [REDACTED] ARCATA, CALIF, PHONE - HOME, [REDACTED] OFFICE.

Dated 13 APR 1960 at 1500 hours

The document is a DD FORM 173 and is marked as UNCLASSIFIED at the bottom.

- page 24 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

6. OBSERVER (S):
[Partially obscured/redacted text]

7. WEATHER:
OBSERVER'S ACCOUNT OF WEATHER CONDITIONS:
Clear

REPORT FROM NEAREST LAW OR WEATHER BUREAU OFFICE:
f 11

CEILING:
25 D

VISIBILITY:
15+

CLOUD COVER:
-

THUNDERSTORMS IN AREA & QUADRANT:
-

8. ACTIVITY OR CONDITIONS WHICH MIGHT ACCOUNT FOR SIGHTING:
Possibility of being Weather Balloon. Which was launched by the Picket Ship 52 at
0732.

9. EXISTENCE OF PHYSICAL EVIDENCE OF SIGHTING:
Photograph

10. INTERCEPTION:
N/A

11. LOCATION OF AIR TRAFFIC IN AREA OF SIGHTING:
N/A

12. REMARKS: [partially obscured/redacted text] was taking a picture of the setting sun thru an 8 inch
telescope and when he developed it this object was on the picture. He stated
that judging by his experience and training the object appeared to be fairly
close to the earth, atmosphere.

FILLED OUT BY: [signature]
[signature]

- page 25 -

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORTING

1. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT (S):
Shape: Perfectly round

Descriptible Features or Details: Round, flat on plane

2. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF THE OBJECT (S):
How First Noticed: Photogram

3. MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
Ground-Visual, Air-Visual, Ground-Electronic: Telescope
Optical Aids Used, If Any: Telescope

Local Time & Date of Sighting: 1805 PST/9 Apr 1960

Location of Observer(s): Arcata, California

Time & Date Report Received: 02035/19 Apr 1960

Size: Comparable in size to Venus or Mercury as compared to this sun in the photo

Number: One

Trail, Tail, or Exhaust, Including Size Compared Object (S): N/A

Other Pertinent or Unusual Features: None

Angle of Elevation & Azimuth of Object (S) When First Noticed: Between ground and setting sun

Description of Flight Path and Maneuvers: N/A

Length of Time in Sight: N/A

Photographed Thru an 8 Inch Telescope

Zulu Time & Date: 02035/19 Apr 1960

- page 26 -

HEADQUARTERS
789TH FIGHTER WING (AIR DEFENSE) AND HAMILTON AIR FORCE BASE
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
HAMILTON AIR FORCE BASE, CALIFORNIA

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: WOODS

SUBJECT: Unidentified Object Report

TO: ATIC (ACIN-462)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. In compliance with message AGCIN-462 4-1246-B, the attached unidentified object report is forwarded.

2. Also enclosed are photographs and negatives made by Mr. [illegible name] who has made a written analysis of the pictures which is also enclosed.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
Administrative Officer

3 Atchs:
1. UFO Rept
2. Photographs
3. Ltr [illegible]

- page 27 -

