STATE OF CONNECTICUT
SOUTHERN CONNECTICUT STATE COLLEGE
201 COURT STREET • NEW HAVEN, CONNECTICUT

-2-

to yourself in Washington. It is difficult to assess the amount lost by flaking
after weighing at the college. Incidentally, Dr. Kusian assures me that the
weighing was fairly accurate and could not have varied as much as plus or
minus 1/10% of a milligram. The packaging for transmission may have
resulted in some further loss of mass by flaking with the flakes caught
in the tape that surrounded the two watch glasses which enclosed the sample.
It was not feasible to place it in any other type of container and we were
anxious not to add it with any material which could add to the flaking. The
handling it received by postal employees could very well have resulted in further
loss of particles or flakes from the main mass onto the dish or the enclosing
tape.

I had assumed that the particle would be weighed immediately
upon receipt and that any flaking could have been accounted for in a more
stable situation. In addition it occurred to me that a section could be cut
from the mass to avoid any errors that may be associated with the dislodging
of fragments or encrustation.

The analysis intrigues me as does the apparent change in
mass. Assuming that some of the change in mass could be accounted for by
the flaking we still have a discrepancy. Is it possible that another principle
might be operating? Assuming the particle had been in a 'neutralized'
gravity state for some time could it not have acquired an 'excess' of gravity
upon impact and like a pendulum swing back and forth in mass until it finally
comes to rest at a given position. I am certain that the effect of adsorption
and the like will be taken care of in the sealed container weighings.

I trust that some answers to this intriguing puzzle may soon
be brought to light.

Sincerely yours,

Robert L. Brown,
Associate Professor, Earth Sciences,
Southern Conn. St. College,
New Haven, 15, Conn.

cc Major Friend

P.S. Mrs. [redacted] has made representations to me to recover the particle
when analysis and measurement are completed. We also have a request for


- page 1 -

The image appears to be a very faint document with some text visible on the left side of the page. However, most of the text is extremely light and difficult to read. I can partially make out a few words, but cannot confidently reproduce the full text due to the poor image quality. The bottom of the page has a dark horizontal band, and there are some vertical and horizontal document borders visible.


- page 2 -

The image appears to be a very degraded, low-quality black and white photograph or document scan. The text is completely illegible due to heavy distortion, blurriness, and image noise. No clear text can be extracted from this image.


- page 3 -

The image appears to be a very low-quality, faded black and white document with significant degradation and blurriness. Most of the text is illegible due to the poor scan quality. I cannot confidently read any specific text on this page.


- page 4 -

Text on the document:

#5
"COAL" WITH WHITE
POWDERY SURFACE

The image also contains two small, irregularly shaped objects at the top of the document.


- page 5 -

# 7
MAGNETIC "SLAG"


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

However, this entire analysis probes only the very thin layer near the surface, and in this layer the proportion of barium is very high.

A comparison was made between Sample #2 and standard containing the following:

20% Ba
0.2% Sr
2.0% Cu
2.% Fe
2.% Mn
1.6% Cl
1.1% S

The results indicated that the sample contained all of these elements, in approximately these proportions, with perhaps 1% to 30% barium instead of the amount listed above. However, this figure for barium is high because of surface segregation, and therefore this should be considered an analysis of the surface layer. As indicated in the previous section, Aluminum and Magnesium also make up part of the specimen.

Without destroying the sample by homogenizing it, we cannot make any quantitative estimates of analysis by weight. However, the following guess might be put forward on the basis of the surface layers exposed to the X-ray beam.

Element         Percent Composition
Ba              15.%
Sr              0.2
Zn              2.0
Cu              4.0
Fe              2.
Mn              4.
Cl              1.5
S               2.
Al              50.
Mg              3.


- page 7 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

UFOB AACD

ATTO. Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Remarks:
Ref Franca AFOIN 18-10 Message C-1270.
Attached is one copy of the preliminary Hartford police
report.

Date: 25Sep50

DD FORM 95 is visible at the bottom of the document.


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Top of page]
September 1960

At 9:30 PM of here current reporter Jno C. Thoro appeared at the Detective Division in company
of Thomas Gobert, town tel. officer Trinity 1126, ret. from his associate instructor at Southern Conn.
College and formerly with Cana State Teachers College. He is a fire inspector of NCDX/NAXCX
section 67 in New Haven. He made a visual observation of his substance recovered and stated that
it was unrecognizable to assure that the object was launched locally or thrown. It does no resemblance
to and not scientific. Conclusion that it may be part of some oxidized sulfide and that its color
of green may be attributed to copper less likely Cobalt. The fused material indicated that some
copper salt may be present. The material itself is basically insoluble can be seen oxidized by what
appears to be the rapid passage thru atmosphere.

It was suggested that the material be preserved and forwarded upon request to the National
Aeronautics and Space Agency Washington DC Director T. Keith Glennon.

Lt. Henry Thomas of the Mid Fire Dept checked material with Geiger Counter and found
"normal background".

Lieut. Darman
7-16-60

To Trinity College, where a canvass of the campus was begun, in an effort to seek a professor
of geology. With the assistance of two football students, proceeded to the home of Dean C. W. Lacy,
Dean at museum, 71 Vernon St., phone CH 9-4721. This circumstance to this case were made known
to me then, who secured the assistance of a professor of geology. There writers were advised to
take the substance in question to the said college, where some would be analyzed.

returned to Hqts. to carry out this mission, but said substance had already been analyzed.
Said plan was connected, and thanked for his cooperation in this matter.

Hines - Schievone
Case #
Sept. 5, 1960

[Bottom section]
The subject is employed at the White Cedar Restaurant, 617 Albany Ave., as a [redacted] and
on the night of Sept. 4, 1960, he was working, and the subject stated the following: the 6th
chamber room is in the west side of the building, and that prior to seeing the object in his sky, from
the drawbridge room, the view in the kitchen, which is in another room of the restaurant, she was of
the doorway separating the kitchen and the dishwashing room at that moment she looked at the clock
in the kitchen, and if placed the time as 9:12 P.M., then she went downstairs to the dishwashing
room. There are two windows in that room on the west wall, one window, right has no shades and the
other one a shade pulled half way down. The subject was looking at this window on the right (no shade)
when she saw this object described by the subject as follows:

[Text continues but partially cut off at bottom of page]


- page 9 -

Mrs. [redacted] Continued (2)

Mrs. [redacted] stated that she did not see the object fall, and that she saw it for out a few seconds, because the roof of the house blocked her view as passed by.

Mrs. [redacted] also stated that she had seen, falling stars, and never before and this object was nothing like them.

Subject: 317 Albany Ave., [redacted] co-owner of the White Castle

The subject stated the following that he was in the dishwashing room with Mrs. [redacted] when, Mrs. [redacted] said to him "look at the green light", the subject looked out the window and all he saw was a flash of green light.

Another person was in that room, [redacted], this subject could not be reached, but a message was left at her home to call the P. D.

[Rest of the document contains a case card with various administrative details, mostly redacted, including:
- Case No. 0 8940
- Reported by Above
- Property used for: Residence - 300
- Officer receiving complaint: Lt. Julian Darman
- Investigating officer(s): Off. Leonard Miller]


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Sept. 4, 1960     10 Sqd     Dist # 15

On dts. 773 at 8:33 pm. The undersigned officer went to [redacted] home a [redacted] stated [redacted] he was standing in the rear hallway of her apt. and heard a loud noise in the air - it sounded as if it came from the north-west then swept onto the rear porch and heard something hit the ground. Immediately she saw a green flare about a foot high come diagonally that seemed to go closer but the officer was smoking, densely she returned into the house where she got a flashlight and returned to the back. She observed a spark on the ground and it got larger. [redacted] the janitor of the building lives on same add. apt. [redacted] was then in the near yard. He observed a small flare coming from the bottom of the shed and asked [redacted].

[Remainder of first paragraph partially illegible]

At 10:00 pm. of dts. after Cff. Leonard Miller, D-15, had appeared at the D.O., detailed by Lt. Carman, to record the following info. from said officer.

[Remainder of document continues with similar partially redacted text describing an investigation of a noise and green flare, with signatures and notes at the bottom]

The document appears to be a police or investigative report from September 4, 1960, discussing an incident involving a noise and a green flare.


- page 11 -

AERONAUTICAL SYSTEMS DIVISION
WRIGHT/AIR DEVELOPMENT CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

This report is not to be used in whole or in part for advertising or sales promotion purposes.

EVALUATION REPORT
Analysis of Foreign Material

REPORT NO: ASDP 61-11                    DATE: 8 May 1961
PROJECT NO: 57101                         TYPE: EVALUATION
MANUFACTURER:                             SPEC NO:
SUBMITTED BY: ADTL-LBKL                   ITEM SERIAL NO:
             (Sgt. Bolten)

I.   PURPOSE:
     To determine the composition of foreign material.

II.  PARTIAL DATA:
     1. The foreign material was received and assigned Physics Laboratory Numbers
        6177 and 6173.

     2. The material was analyzed by emission spectroscopy.

     3. Emission spectrographic analysis provided these data:
        Principal - Calcium
        Majors - Silicon, magnesium, iron, manganese, aluminum, titanium, and
                 chromium
        Minor - Barium
        Traces - Nickel, copper, sodium, and silver

III. CONCLUSIONS:
     None.

IV.  RECOMMENDATIONS:
     None, data merely submitted.

PREPARED BY:
[Signature]
WADE H. JONES

This report is not to be used in whole or in part for advertising or sales promotion purposes.

WADC FORM 64     PREVIOUS EDITIONS OF THIS FORM MAY BE USED.


- page 12 -

HEADQUARTERS

Preliminary Analysis and Certain Historical Details Relating
to Objects which Fell at Hartford, Connecticut

Chief, Nuclear Studies Branch

The following historical summary is by Dr. John T. Wasson
who journeyed to Hartford, Connecticut on 17 September 1960, and
talked at length with the principal witnesses.

At 2015 E.D.T. on the night of 4 September 1960, a lady
standing near the back door of her first floor apartment at
Hartford, Connecticut, was startled by a
"swishing noise" followed by a thud. Upon looking, through the door,
she observed a "cone of green fire" which immediately subsided.
The cone of fire was of the order of one foot in height. She
attempted to go out the door to investigate, but was driven back
clouds of smoke. The witness' name is Mrs.

Another lady, living on the second floor of the apartment
house, is reported to have heard the sound of the fall above the
noise of her television set. She thereupon ran out onto the back
balcony and saw "glowing embers" on the ground at the site of the
fall.

At the same time, Mrs., an employee of a cafe four
houses east of there at (The White Cedars),
was standing in the kitchen and observing through a window the
proceedings of a dance taking place in the residence immediately
to the west. She had just noticed the time at 2012 and mentioned
it to someone in the kitchen. Her attention was caught by a green,
pendant-shaped object in the western sky in which orange and red
colors were also visible. Her duties were near a window in
the kitchen, and she apparently did not follow the object with her
eyes until it struck the earth.

Back at the superintendent of the
apartment house, Mr., was called from his apartment on
the second floor. The smoke having cleared, he and Mrs.
proceeded first to throw a little water on the coal-carrying
which was smoldering, and then to search for the objects. A
flashlight was the light source.

RTC


- page 13 -

They first searched at a point about a yard from the building. There being no crater could be seen and no other immediate evidence as to where it landed. After a little while, however, the spot was discovered by Mr. [redacted] by virtue of the fact that it was warm when touched with the palm of the hand.

This spot was just beneath the spot where the garbage shed was demolished. After this discovery the location, Mr. [redacted] and Mr. [redacted] started gathering small objects. At first they apparently were warned as a requisite to dismissing the true "stones" and the very large "background" of stones and objects in the immediate vicinity, i.e., all along the edge of the shed. Later they noticed a white crust on the objects and used this as a basis for their search.

The object landed in an ideal place as far as offering the possibility of determining its trajectory. The only open to it if its azimuthal angle was 60-70° or smaller were a 15° segment coming from about 20° E of North, and another 15° segment coming from almost due west.

Completely eliminating the segment from the east, roughly from 250 to 205. The apartment building, shielded the location from the northwest, and a utility pole, a wooden fence and a 2-1/2-story house shielded it from the southwest. Mrs. [redacted] and a lady watching television both reported that the object sounded like it came from the north. If so, it navigated through clotheslines mounted on all three stories without breaking one. The other direction, the west, is roughly that where the object was seen in the air by Mrs. [redacted] (perhaps should not have affected her view appreciably) and seems to be the more likely direction of approach.

After Mrs. [redacted] and Mr. [redacted] had picked up the objects, the police were called and eventually the word reached Prof. Robert Brown of Southern Connecticut State College, who is in charge of the New Haven Moonwatch Station, Prof. Brown and Capt. Hankwitz of the Hartford Police got in contact with the Smithsonian Observatory in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and a share of the stones were sent over to their organization.

Mrs. [redacted] and the [redacted] family retained shares also. The story was in various newspapers and came thus to the attention of Dr. Townsend Brown of Wheaton, Washington, D.C. He contacted ARPA and obtained the release of the Smithsonian stones to him. Officials at the Smithsonian gave the collection to Dr. Brown, and indicated that the stones were clearly not meteoritic in origin. He transported the stones to the Geophysics Research Directorate for analysis, leaving about half the sample.


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

there. A week later, he obtained the shares of Mrs. ______ and Mr. ______

Dr. Wasson of CRD went to Hartford, Connecticut on 17 September 1960 to obtain more information on the fall. His information, other than reported above, concerns chiefly the problem of separating "true" stones from those in the immediate area. Photographs which he made at the time show this graphically, and a collection of background stones which he obtained appear very similar to many in the sample.

JOHN T. WASSON
Nuclear Studies Branch
Atmospheric Circulations Laboratory


- page 15 -

WHITEHALL-RAND
INCORPORATED

1019 DESERT CIRCLE BLDG.
WASHINGTON 5, D. C.
NORTH 7-3711
CABLE ADDRESS: WHITEHALL

SPACE TECHNOLOGY
Propulsion
Guidance
Communications

CONSULTANTS
October 12, 1960

Major R. J. Friend
Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
AFCIN 4E2X
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Dear Major Friend:

It was a pleasure to be with you last Wednesday. I was glad to have the opportunity to give you some information on the Hartford fall. It has been an engaging subject to me for the reasons I explained to you.

Professor Robert Brown telephoned me upon my return to Washington and mentioned that your office had requested additional samples. I told him of our visit and that no samples are available because of work in progress. I assured him, however, that you would be furnished complete reports of our investigation, and that our efforts would be closely coordinated with the Air Force.

Sincerely yours,

T. Townsend Brown
President

TTBm

Information copies:
Commander R. P. Luker, ARPA-OSD
Lt. Col. Gene DeGiacomo, USAF
Dr. F. L. Whipple, Smithsonian Astrophys. Lab.
Professor Robert Brown, Southern State College


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

WHITEHALL-RAND
Incorporated
SPACE TECHNOLOGY
Propulsion
Guidance
Communications

CONSULTANTS
1019 Dupont Circle Bldg.
Washington 6, D. C.
NOrth 7-2331
Cable Address: WHITEHALL

October 13, 1960

FOR: MAJOR R. J. FRIEND

Dr. Fred L. Whipple
Smithsonian Astrophysical Laboratory
Harvard Observatory
60 Garden Street
Cambridge 39, Massachusetts

Dear Dr. Whipple:

It was a pleasure to be with you on September 4, and to have the opportunity to examine the material which fell at Hartford, Connecticut, on September 4. After careful consultation, you comprehend the original 8 leaves. This material was not meteoritic, and therefore of no further interest to your group at the Astrophysical Laboratory.

You will recall that during my visit I was in touch with the Air Force and personally delivered some of this material to the Air Force Research Center at Bedford, Massachusetts for analysis.

I promised to send Dr. McCrosky at your laboratory, copies of the Hartford police reports and other reports for your permanent file, and these are enclosed.

Thank you very much for your cooperation in this matter.

Very truly yours,

T. Townsend Brown
President

Enclosures (3)
TTBrn

Information copies:
Commander R. F. Luker, AIPA-OSD
Major R. J. Friend, ATIC


- page 17 -

STATE OF CONNECTICUT
SOUTHERN CONNECTICUT STATE COLLEGE
501 CRESCENT STREET • NEW HAVEN, CONNECTICUT

EARTH SCIENCES

October 22, 1960

Dr. T. Townsend Brown,
Whitehall-Rand, Inc.,
1019 DuPont Circle Bldg.,
Washington 6, D.C.

Dear Dr. Brown:

I should like to clarify some aspects of the particle sent you from New Haven.

It is not part of the Hartford fall but a distinct fall both spatially and with reference to time. It is my opinion, however, that both falls are related to the same orbiting object. The relatively larger particle sent you through the mails fell in Woodbridge, a suburb of New Haven. The airline distances between the two falls (Hartford and Woodbridge) is roughly 47 miles along a line within heading 18 approximately 30 degrees (N 30° E). Certain aspects of the fall are the same as those of the Hartford fall. However, the Woodbridge particle fell essentially intact with only a slight general scattering of the metallic dust noted in the area where it landed in an area (asphalt driveway) that had been carefully swept clean. The particle, an impact area calculated a "cracked circle" 54 inches in diameter with a slight elongation to the North. Contained within this circle were several "splotches" of the metallic material with the largest particle slightly off center toward the north. The time of fall could easily be established as between 9:30 A.M. and 12:30 P.M. local time after the discovery. Mrs. _____ had walked by the area at 9:30 and noted nothing unusual, whereas upon returning from a drive into New Haven was astounded at noting when she returned at 12:30 the object within the swept circle. She had first noticed at once, then phoned a friend, Prof. _____ Curator of the Peabody Museum at Yale University who in turn suggested she notify me. I recovered the particle after noting the conditions, returned to the college and notified you by phone.

I might add that no final can be prepared until the earlier portion of the interval inasmuch as it was not warm when picked up.

Now, sir, the large particle was encrusted with some peculiar metallic coating noted previously. Obviously some of this was lost when the particle was kicked, and some when I packed it to mail material prior to bringing it to a college. When Dr. Louis Kahan of the Johnson Department weighed the object it still showed some flaking of the loosened material. Obviously more material could have flaked off during transportation by mail.


- page 18 -

STATE OF CONNECTICUT
SOUTHERN CONNECTICUT STATE COLLEGE
201 COURT STREET • NEW HAVEN, CONNECTICUT

-2-

to yourself in Washington. It is difficult to assess the amount lost by flaking
after weighing at the college. Incidentally, Dr. Kuslan assures me that the
weighing was fairly accurate and could not have varied as much as plus or
minus 1/10% of a milligram. The packaging for transmission may have
resulted in some further loss of mass by flaking with the flakes caught
in the tape that surrounded the two watch glasses which enclosed the sample.
It was not feasible to place it in any other type of container and we were
anxious not to add it with any material which could add to the flaking. The
handling it received by postal employees could very well have resulted in further
loss of particles or flakes from the main mass onto the dish or the enclosing
tape.

I had assumed that the particle would be weighed immediately
upon receipt and that any flaking could have been accounted for in a more
stable situation. In addition it occurred to me that a section could be cut
from the mass to avoid any errors that may be associated with the dislodging
of fragments or encrustation.

The analysis intrigues me as does the apparent change in
mass. Assuming that some of the change in mass could be accounted for by
the flaking we still have a discrepancy. Is it possible that another principle
might be operating? Assuming the particle had been in a 'neutralized'
gravity state for some time could it not have acquired an 'excess' of gravity
upon impact and like a pendulum swing back and forth in mass until it finally
comes to rest at a given position. I am certain that the effect of adsorption
and the like will be taken care of in the sealed container weighings.

I trust that some answers to this intriguing puzzle may soon
be brought to light.

Sincerely yours,

Robert L. Brown,
Associate Professor, Earth Sciences,
Southern Conn. St. College,
New Haven, 15, Conn.

cc Major Friend

P.S. Mrs. [redacted] has made representations to me to recover the particle
when analysis and measurement are completed. We also have a request for


- page 19 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

WHITEHALL-RAND
INCORPORATED
CONSULTANTS

FOR: MAJOR FRIEND

Mr. Robert L. Brown
Associate Professor, Earth Sciences
Southern Connecticut State College
New Haven 15, Connecticut

SUBJECT: "Woodbridge" fall of suspected gravitationally anomalous material

Dear Professor Brown:

Thank you for your letter of October -- and the additional information concerning the Woodbridge fall. I am inclined to agree with your initial observations, and this source to be borne out by further investigation of the performance.

This subject has not been officially clarified to the best of my knowledge, but I suspect that it may soon be, and I will keep you to notify you to make any matter can be finally decided.

We are continuing the work on physical tests of the chunk of material which you sent to us. Even though you anticipated no difficulties to eliminate the possible effects of moisture or occluded gases, the weight of the sample is no objection. Continuing, the amount of white surface indication is increased, and, as I mentioned over the telephone, your intervention, only partially, can contain certain new ideas of further and method in extremely high post-temperatures.

The continuity change in weight is startling and intriguing. Since Dr. -- claims recent finding is that the material appears to have lost over 350 gm and is still decreasing. A most curious observation (and perhaps a speculation) is induced by this finding which will be discussed, perhaps soon you may have the opportunity to come back into some other things.

In reading your letter, there are certain questions or comments which occur.

[Note: Some text appears to be partially obscured or cut off in the image]


- page 20 -

Letter to Professor Robert L. Brown--October 24, 1960                                Page Two

1. What was the date of the Woodbridge fall? Perhaps you covered this in a telephone conversation, but I have no record of it. I note that you believe that the material probably fell between 1:30 and 10:30 a.m., and that I did not seem to be directly related to the Hartford fall of September 4, 1960.

2. You mention "spitchets of the metallic material" at the area of impact -- what has become of the metal and ore samples available to us?

3. Would Dr. Kosslan give me an affidavit covering the weighing operation, so as to have a formal record of its accuracy and authenticity?

4. When I received the material from you (showing the two watch glasses), I looked closely for any flaking or evidence of detached particles. Nothing was found.

5. I am greatly interested in your thoughts of an oscillating bend in the weight-change following impact. While the observed curve shows irregularity, the steady trend is definitely downward, and there is no evidence so far of any regular oscillation.

While we are deeply grateful to Mrs. [redacted] for her alertness, for turning the material over to you and for her interest in what may come of it, I suspect, in the interests of science, that it will be some time before this piece of material can be relied upon. This is especially true as the more important because, from theoretical considerations, the material would appear to have a definite (half-life) rate of decay, and every effort is being made to utilize it while it is "hot".

Major Friend tells me that he may use frequent trips to Washington, so by copy of this letter, I wish to invite him to stop in upon his next visit to learn more in detail what is happening. I would be very glad to see him.

Again, thank you for your kind collaboration, and I shall look forward to your visit in the near future.

Sincerely yours,
WHITEHALL-RAND, INC.

T. Townsend Brown
Chairman,
Scientific Advisory Committee


- page 21 -

Letter to Professor Robert L. Brown--October 26, 1960

Information copies:
Colonel Victor A. Cherbak, Jr., USAF
Commander R. P. Luker, USN
Lt. Colonel Gene DeClercq, USAF
Major R. J. Friend, USAF

TIDm

Enclosure no copy addressed:
Copy of Prof. Brown's October 22 letter

Page Three


- page 22 -

PUBLICATION REVIEW

This report has been reviewed and is approved.

DISTRIBUTION:

ASCO (WSPO) (1 cy)
ASGPA (WSGPA) (3 cys)
Sgt. Bollea

SOLOMON F. BROKESHOULDER, Capt, USAF
Chief, Organic Analysis Section
Physics Laboratory
Materials Central

MCGR ARDF 61-11                    2


- page 23 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

TASK ACTIVITY REPORT
1. PTN. 577202

2. Title: Project Blue Book                 3. Location: Whitehall Rand         4. Phone:
5. NATURE OF REQUEST OR ACTION: □ Engineering Analysis (401)  □ Graphics (402)  □ Product Coordination (403)
6. Schedule Change (407)   □ Program Change (408)   □ Collect Weapon (4A)   □ Special (4X)   □ Contract Study (4XX)

ACTION    X    INFORMATION    X    REPORTED    REQUESTED

7. Narrative:

1. On 5, 7, and 8 December 1950, Maj Robert J. Friend visited the Dept of Defense (AFOQ-34, ACTN-PLA, AREA) and Whitehall Rand, to assist with preparation of a draft and SAFIL personnel concerning Congressional interest in the UFO sightings which occurred in the area of Red Bluff, California during the period 12-20 August 1950, and to contact Commander Luken, AFPA, concerning his interest in a material recovery by Dr. T. Townsend Brown, Whitehall Rand. | Dr Brown recovered the material while investigating.

2. ADDITIONAL RESOURCES REQUIRED: None

11. NEXT COURSE OF ACTION OR REFERENCES:

12. COORDINATION & APPROVAL:
[Signatures of Maj R. J. Friend and Col R. R. Shoop]

PTN: 577202 [Continuation of previous text]

Relating an UFO sighting which occurred in Hartford, Connecticut, 4 Sept 1960. Major Friend also contacted Dr T. Townsend Brown, Whitehall Rand, concerning analysis of material which was recovered by him while investigating an UFO sighting.

a. Tuesday, 6 December 1950:
a. Major Friend, ACTN-1452x, visited L/Col Tucker, SAFOI-36, and assisted with the preparation of the SAFOI annual face sheet on unclassified flying objects.

b. L/Col Tucker informed Maj Friend that his appearance on the Garroway show, January, 5 Dec 60, had been extended for the entire program as a result of telephone calls from the Winant public. Maj Friend learned to a large extent of the show. A copy of the recording has been requested for the ATIC files. For those who heard the first portion of the show, the second half was generally the same. L/Col Tucker was positively in the affirmative.

c. Maj Friend read L/Col Tucker's book entitled "Flying Saucers and the United States Air Force". (ACOS (A) 1st book) He was generally in agreement with the material reviewed by ATIC. Several corrections were made to the technical material, and are being included in the second edition which is presently in draft.

The first half of the book was sold out within two days of going on the stands.


- page 24 -

TASK ACTIVITY REPORT (Page 1)

Maj Friend met with B/Gen Le Bailly, SAFOI, Dr. J. A. Hynek (in Washington on other business) and L/Col Tucker concerning recent inquiries to [redacted] for recent data. Hynek Andrews Garries Sub-committee (see Carl Tinson). A complete outline of what action the Air Force had taken toward implementing inquiries was given by Dr. Hynek during the meeting on 15 July 1960 (Atch #2). The cases which renewed interest in Star's Internal in this matter were sightings near Redding Bluff, California sightings which occurred during 12-20 August 1960.

Maj Friend briefed L/Col Sullivan, ACTIN-PLA, of the developments and informed him of the planned meeting between W/Gen Walsh and B/Gen Le Bailly.

Thursday, 8 December 1960:

A meeting was held in the office of B/Gen Le Bailly. Present at the meeting were the following:

B/Gen Le Bailly, SAFOI
Col Hall, AFCIN
L/Col Hacker, SAFOI
Maj Friend, ATIC
Dr. J. A. Hynek, ATIC Consultant

At this meeting the problem concerning the requirements of the sub-committee were outlined for Col Hall. Col Hall instructed Maj Friend to prepare for him an outline of what is necessary to implement the UFO project at ATIC with the requirements spelled out by [redacted].

Wednesday, 7 December 1960:

Maj Friend monitored a radio program (Patty Cavin Show, WGR, Radio) which featured an interview of L/Col Tucker concerning UFO's and his book. Incidentally, L/Col Tucker stated that the Air Force had no evidence to date which indicated that [remainder of text partially illegible]

Contacted Commander Robert Luker, AFPA, concerning his interest in material recovered in Hartford, Connecticut 1 Sept 1960. This case was investigated by Dr. J. Townsend Brown. Additional data by Maj Friend to Commander Luker indicated that the samples of material which related to the sighting were collected by Dr. Brown. Dr. Brown instrumental in having a portion of the sample released to Cambridge Research Division for analysis. In the course of analysis, Dr. Brown was able to isolate a few simple crystals. Commander Luker indicated that his interest was stimulated from the fact that he was particularly interested in the nature of the sample. Dr. Brown promised Maj Friend a copy of his report on the preliminary analysis of the samples of J. Townsend Brown, indicated that they were losing interest in the case.


- page 25 -

TASK ACTIVITY REPORT (Page 3)

PPT No. 372102                                                                Card No. ______

Item 7 (Cont)
The analysis was completed. The completed analysis by Cambridge shows unusual combinations and quantities of elements, but there is no conclusive evidence that the material is from Sputnik 77, or any other satellite. Possibly correlation between the Loboratory, WADD, and Whitehall Rand reports will reveal further information on the source of this material.

5. Next course of action:

a. Prepare draft of a letter from M/Gen Doughes to Col Hall outlining what is needed to implement the requirements requested by Mr Smart.

b. Upon receiving a copy of the report from Whitehall Rand, make a comparison between the Cambridge, WADD, and Whitehall Rand reports. Inform all interested agencies of this final analysis.

c. Follow-up on the taped copy of the Carroway show.

At the bottom of the page, there is a form identifier: ATIC TEST FORM 456 JUN 50 46b


- page 26 -

This case contains 14, 7x5" photos and 20, 8x10" photos.


- page 27 -

There is no legible text in this image. The image appears to be a black and white sketch or architectural drawing depicting multiple intersecting walkways, stairs, or platforms with angular, geometric lines and perspectives.


- page 28 -

The image appears to be a very faint document with some text visible on the left side of the page. However, most of the text is extremely light and difficult to read. I can partially make out a few words, but cannot confidently reproduce the full text due to the poor image quality. The bottom of the page has a dark horizontal band, and there are some vertical and horizontal document borders visible.


- page 29 -

There is no legible text in this image. The photograph appears to show a wooden fence or wall, with some ground or yard area in the foreground. The image is in black and white and seems to be a close-up view of an outdoor area with wooden structures.


- page 30 -

There is no legible text in this image. The image appears to be a black and white architectural or technical drawing/sketch of a structure with angular lines, geometric shapes, and what seems to be a building or tower with multiple levels and angled supports or beams.


- page 31 -

There is no legible text in this image. The photograph appears to be a black and white image of a multi-story brick building with window awnings, showing a street scene with a few vintage cars parked in front of the building. The image looks like it was taken in the mid-20th century, possibly the 1950s or 1960s.


- page 32 -

There is no legible text in this image. The photograph appears to be a black and white image of a wooden door or gate, with brick or stone walls on either side. The door looks weathered and vertical, with a slanted roof visible above it. The ground in front of the door appears to be uneven or covered with debris.


- page 33 -

DRAFT

Description and Analysis of Hartford, Connecticut Samples

DRAFT

The samples of the object which fell at Hartford on 4 September 1960 were designated and described as follows upon their arrival at the Geophysics Research Directorate:

1. Single separate piece - coal?
2. Metal pieces - aluminum?
3. Stony material
4. Powder of the surface of the coal of No. 5
5. Fragments of large pieces of coal
6. Pieces of material looking like coke
7. Magnetic material (slag)
8. Coke?

The designations have been retained, although certain samples have been further divided into letters a, g., b became 2A, 2C. Pictures were taken of the samples in order to help identify them, and for descriptive purposes in case it became necessary to destroy any of them. These pictures are included in this report.

The background samples brought back from Hartford on 17 September have been designated:

9. Slag
10. Anthracite
11. Black, light ball

and "Wasson's collection"


- page 34 -

The text on the left side of the document is mostly illegible due to the low contrast and image quality. There are multiple columns of text, but the words cannot be clearly distinguished. The right side of the document contains a black and white photograph of a street scene with brick buildings, trees, and a walkway or path in the foreground.


- page 35 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a building, showing a section of a brick or wood-sided wall with multiple windows. The windows are rectangular and appear to be closed. The image is slightly angled, showing the side of the building from a somewhat diagonal perspective. The photograph has a grainy, vintage quality typical of mid-20th century documentation.


- page 36 -

I apologize, but I cannot discern any legible text in this image. The document appears to be a black and white photograph with some blurry shapes, including what seems to be trees or foliage on the left side, a white bowl-like object in the bottom center, and a faint linear object to the right. The image quality is very poor and grainy, making text extraction impossible.


- page 37 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a landscape with trees or foliage, but the image quality is very poor and grainy, making details difficult to discern.


- page 38 -

The image appears to be a very degraded, low-quality black and white photograph or document scan. The text is completely illegible due to heavy distortion, blurriness, and image noise. No clear text or details can be discerned from this image.


- page 39 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a building, likely a barn or shed, with a slanted roof and vertical wooden siding. There is a tall vertical structure, possibly a pole or chimney, next to the building. Some trees or bushes are visible in the background. The photograph has a grainy, vintage quality typical of mid-20th century photography. No text is visible in this image.


- page 40 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a building or structure with a slanted roof, some trees or foliage visible, and what seems to be a vertical structure or pole on the right side of the image. The photograph is somewhat grainy and low contrast.


- page 41 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a wooden fence in the foreground with some trees or foliage in the background. The image is quite grainy and has some areas of low contrast, making details difficult to discern. The fence looks like a typical wooden picket or vertical board fence, and the background suggests an outdoor, possibly rural or suburban setting. However, due to the poor quality of the scan, many specific details are obscured.


- page 42 -

There is no legible text in this image. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a tall, damaged telephone or utility pole with what seem to be broken or hanging wires, and a partially tilted or damaged building structure in the bottom right corner of the image.


- page 43 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a portion of a building or structure on the right side and some trees or foliage on the left side. The image has a grainy, low-contrast quality typical of older photographic prints.


- page 44 -

NOTICES

When Government drawings, specifications, or other data are used for any purpose other than in connection with a definitely related Government procurement operation, the United States Government thereby incurs no responsibility nor any obligation whatsoever; and the fact that the Government may have formulated, furnished, or in any way supplied the said drawings, specifications, or other data, is not to be regarded by implication or otherwise as in any manner licensing the holder or any other person or corporation, or conveying any right or permission to manufacture, use, or sell any patented invention that may in any way be related thereto.

- - - - - - - - - -

Copies of WADD Technical Reports and Technical Notes and Materials Central should not be returned to the Wright Air Development Division unless return is required by security considerations, contractual obligations or other specific document.


- page 45 -

There is no legible text in this image. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a building with windows on the left side and a tree in the center, with another vertical structure on the right side of the image.


- page 46 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be very low quality and faded. While there is a photograph or document visible, the text is almost entirely illegible. There is a small checkered/grid pattern visible at the bottom of the page, but no clear text can be discerned from this scan.


- page 47 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a section of a building, showing a vertical wooden pole or beam in the center, with multiple windows and wooden paneling or siding visible. The photograph seems to be taken from an angle, showing part of the building's exterior. The image is grainy and has low contrast, typical of older photographic documentation.


- page 48 -

The image appears to be a very low-quality, faded black and white document with significant degradation and blurriness. Most of the text is illegible due to the poor scan quality. I cannot confidently read any specific text on this page.


- page 49 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a wooden fence or wall in the foreground, with a textured, grainy background that looks like trees or foliage. The image is quite faded and has a low contrast, making details difficult to discern. The wooden fence takes up the bottom portion of the image, with vertical planks visible. The upper portion of the image is a blurry, textured area that suggests a landscape or natural setting.

No legible text is visible in this image.


- page 50 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a wooden fence or boards at the bottom of the image, with a textured or blurry background above the fence.


- page 51 -

# 3
STONE-LIKE


- page 52 -

#2
ALUMINUM GRANULES


- page 53 -

Here is the text from the document:

#1

ANGULAR "COAL"
WITH BROWN SURFACE


- page 54 -

Here is the text from the image:

B A
#8
"COKE" AND DUST


- page 55 -

The numerical sequence was retained to avoid possible
confusion with the sample materials.

As can be seen, the 11 segments can be put into 4 groups.
1. carbonaceous
2. light-metallic (aluminum)
3. stony
4. slag

Of these, the slag seems certain to be of Hartford origin,
the stones were not analyzed, the carbonaceous material is in the
background but is inconclusive as to origin. Only the aluminum
samples seem clearly due to the observed fall. And, therefore,
the most time was spent in their analysis.

Analysis of carbonaceous samples

The carbonaceous samples are 1, 4, 5, 6, and 3 and the
background samples 10 and 11. Samples 10 "anchor" and
11 "black light ball" are very similar in composition. They look
like coal, and the Compton spread of the exciting W lines indicates
a very low average atomic number. The x-ray fluorescent analysis
showed more Sr in 11, otherwise the spectra are almost identical.
They contain caesium and Ba.

Sample 5 (coalish, mounted with white-coated side toward
exciting beam) when compared with the background samples 10
and 11 shows large differences, namely it contains large amounts
of Ba (up by a factor of 10 or larger), and less Zn. The heights
of the first order peaks are follows, using a LiF crystal and
W source at 30 Kv., 20 ma.

2


- page 56 -

# 7
MAGNETIC "SLAG"

The image shows a document with some small, irregular-shaped objects at the top and the text "#7 MAGNETIC 'SLAG'" written below them.


- page 57 -

#6
LIGHT, STRIATED

There is also a small object or fragment at the top of the document.


- page 58 -

Text on the document:

#5
"COAL" WITH WHITE
POWDERY SURFACE

The image also contains two small, irregularly shaped objects at the top of the document.


- page 59 -

# 3
STONE-LIKE

The image shows several stone-like fragments or pieces arranged horizontally, with a handwritten label indicating they are numbered as "#3" and described as "STONE-LIKE".


- page 60 -

#1

Angular "Coal"
WITH BROWN SURFACE


- page 61 -

Text found in the image:

CAB
#2

ALUMINUM GRANULES


- page 62 -

"#5
COAL" WITH WHITE
POWDERY SURFACE


- page 63 -

#5
"COAL" WITH WHITE
POWDERY SURFACE


- page 64 -

#5
"COAL" WITH WHITE
POWDERY SURFACE


- page 65 -

Text on the document:

#5
"COAL" WITH WHITE
POWDERY SURFACE

The image appears to be a black and white document page with a handwritten label describing what seems to be a sample or specimen. There are also two small, irregular-shaped objects or fragments visible above the text.


- page 66 -

Sr Kx 4
Sx Kx (not observed in 1st order)
Fe Kx 65
Cu Kx 24
Zn Kx 3
Ti Kx 5
Ba Lα 12
Pb Lx 4 (assignment uncertain)

Sample 1, designated "coal", seems intermediate between
the background samples 10 and 11, and sample 5. It has large
amounts of Ba and Ti, with the Ti: Ba ratio increased by a
factor 4. It shows a Zn content similar to the background samples.
There is evidence for Pb being present.

Sample 3A is similar to Sample 1. EDDT spectra of
1, 3A, and 11 showed the following (taken at arbitrary scale factors
for each sample):

Sample           1       3A      11
Ti Kx            (illegible)   93     36
Ca Kx           59     135     24
K Kx            24     33      9
Cl Kx            2     2.2     --
S Kx             2     2.0     2
Si Kx            3     5.5     --


- page 67 -

#6
LIGHT, STRATED


- page 68 -

# 7
MAGNETIC "SLAG"


- page 69 -

#8

"COKE" AND DUST


- page 70 -

15 - 23 SEPTEMBER 1960 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                           OBSERVER        EVALUATION

16      Shreveport, La/Memphis, Tenn *     Military        Other (MISSILE)
16      S of Cincinnati, Ohio              Civil Airlines Insufficient Data
15      Saratoga Springs, New York         Military        Satellite
16      El Campo, Texas                    Trans Tex Airlines Astro (METEOR)
16      Salina, Kansas                     Military        Satellite (D/K) MSC
16      Eastern Washington                 Military        Astro (METEOR)
17      W of Azores Islands                Military        Astro (METEOR)
17      New London, Ohio                   Military        Astro (METEOR)
17      Kirksville AFS, Missouri           Military        Other (WEATHER)
17      W of Midway Island                 Military        Other (MISSILE)
18      Mexico (missing)                   Military        Physical S)
18      San Antonio, Texas                 Military        Other (HOAX)
18      Tyndall AFS, Florida               Military        Aircraft
19      S of Mt Whitney, California        Military        Satellite (OPRO) 1
19      N of Susanville, California        Military        Astro (METEOR)
19      Port Knox, Kentucky                Military        Other (INVERSION)
19      N of Rioga, Louisiana              Military        Astro (METEOR)
19      Lincoln AFS, Nebraska              Military        Aircraft
20      Grand Junction, Colorado           Military        Astro (METEOR)
20      Kirksville AFS, Missouri           Military        Astro (METEOR)
20      Morocco                            Military        Other (WEATHER)
20      Farmington, New Mexico             Military        Other (MISSILE)
20      Louisville, Kentucky               Military        Astro (METEOR)
20      Spokane, Washington                Military        Aircraft
20      Seattle, Portland, Oregon          Multi           Astro (METEOR)
20      Denver, Colorado                   Multi           Insufficient Data
21      San Angelo, Texas                  Multi           Astro (METEOR)
22      Bermuda                            Multiple        Insufficient Data
22      Port Hill, South Carolina          Military        Other (FLARE)
22      Champaign, Illinois                Military        Aircraft
22      Dedham, Massachusetts              Military        Insufficient Data
22      Pensacola, Florida                 Military        Balloon
23      Bitburg AB, Germany                Military        Satellite (D/K 1960 Rocket)

23      Cook Islands, South Pacific        Multi           Astro (METEOR)
23      North Coast Labrador               Canadian Ships  Astro (METEOR)
23      Andover, Salt Lake City, Utah      Military        Astro (VENUS)
23      Winchester Bay, Oregon              Military        Astro (JUPITER)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                           SOURCE          EVALUATION

17      Mansfield Center, Connecticut      Sky & Telescope
17      New Berlin, Wisconsin               Summary - Fire Ball Reports
20      Reno, Oregon                        Newscliping
21      Kingston, Massachusetts             Newscliping
21      Edmonton, Alberta, Canada           Newscliping


- page 71 -

Analysis of light metallic samples.

Sample No. 2 X-ray fluorescence analysis:

A piece of Al of 48 mm² area was compared to all three 2a, b and c. The spectrometer was aligned for the Al Kα line, and the third order ba Lγ, suppressed by pulse height selection. The ratio of Al Kα intensity from the sample to that from Aluminum was 0.28, indicating a large proportion of Aluminum in the samples.

A standard was prepared having Magnesium, Aluminum and Barium in the following ratios:
Mg/Al = .48;   Ba/Al = .51

From the relative intensities of the Mg Kα, Al Kα, and Ba Lγ lines, it was determined that the indicated proportions were:
0.01 Mg and 0.96 Ba

However, the Ba Kα ratio from the standard was 10 times Ba/L, indicating a strong surface segregation of Ba in the sample. Therefore, the Ba data contains a possible bias of 10. In concentration, if we apply this only to the Barium, and assume that the Mg and Al are uniformly distributed, we obtain the estimate of:

30% Aluminum
1% Magnesium
10% Barium

4

Bem


- page 72 -

Here is the text from the document:

However, this entire analysis probes only the very thin layer near the surface, and in this layer the proportion of barium is very high.

A comparison was made between Sample #2 and standard containing the following:

20% Ba
0.2% Sr
2.0% Cu
2.% Fe
2.% Mn
1.6% Cl
1.1% S

The results indicated that the sample contained all of these elements, in approximately these proportions, with perhaps 1% to 30% barium instead of the amount listed above. However, this figure for barium is high because of surface segregation, and therefore this should be considered an analysis of the surface layer. As indicated in the previous section, Aluminum and Magnesium also make up part of the specimen.

Without destroying the sample by homogenizing it, we cannot make any quantitative estimates of analysis by weight. However, the following guess might be put forward on the basis of the surface layers exposed to the X-ray beam.

Element         Percent Composition
Ba              15.%
Sr              0.2
Zn              2.0
Cu              4.0
Fe              2.
Mn              4.
Cl              1.5
S               2.
Al              50.
Mg              3.


- page 73 -

