The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and investigations.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

DATE: Oct 60
LOCATION: Paterson, New Jersey
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 2) Ground-Visual and 3) Air-Visual
SOUND: Civilian
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: V-15
NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 5
COURSE: V-15
BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: The object, the size of a silver dollar, orange in color, remained stationary for about 1 minute and then traveled in a straight line at high speed and disappeared. Report received in AFOSR in January 1961.
CONCLUSIONS: 3) Was Probably a Meteorite, 4) Possibly Balloon, 5) Was Aircraft, 6) Possibly Astronomical, 7) Possibly Astronimical [sic], 9) Insufficient Data for Evaluation.
COMMENTS: It is believed that the object responsible for this sighting was probably a meteor.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. The text in the document appears to be a detailed description or report, potentially related to a UFO sighting or incident.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed as an OCR system:

Rounded around the horizon by some light
Strange to find the line of light across the sky at about 10:03 pm just low enough to see it clearly as light almost like a fluorescent tube just running across the sky, about 30 yards across, a sort of steady glow not flickering. Lasted about 10 minutes. No sound. Seemed to be slowly descending to the horizon. Thought at first it might be a plane, but no flashing lights or any sign of an aircraft. Moved smoothly and slowly. Seemed about 10 miles away.
Later, about 10:15 pm, saw another light, high in the sky, moving rapidly, steady, bright light, seemed to move from the northeast to the southwest, then disappear. Don't know what it was.
About 10:30 pm, saw a third light, high in the sky, moving steadily, not as rapidly as the second one, also from northeast to southwest. This one seemed to wink out rather than disappear.
Could not tell the size, distance or altitude of any of these. Just saw the lights.
Would appreciate any information you can give me as to what these might have been. Very strange and interesting sights.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with some redacted text.

The text in the document reads:

"Operation Intelligence - and - This is due for - may request eradiated. Thank your"

- page 3 -

