Here is the OCR text from the document:

Washington, D.C.
November 8, 1960

Henry M. Jackson
Senator, State of Washington
Washington, D.C.

Dear Senator Jackson:

I am approaching you with the following report, because I so met certain work I should advise. To my wife on near Vashon.

I live 11 miles southwest Everett and my home is on a high hill overlooking the Puget Sound by Whidden Slough and Tulare Field.

(Nov.30)On Wednesday evening about 8:00 PM I walked to the sink to start my evening meal and saw plainly out the window a strange object of tremendous brilliance in the northern sky. It was of almost incredible size and was moving to and with a slight drift, however.

I watched it with some degree of awe and it audaciously, with an almost satellite-like movement glided and moved in an entirely direction and then seemed to hang in the sky, motionless, with, sending out from its entire circumference rays just like shooting out from a crystal appearance. (Apparently rays of some type.)

I hurried to the phone and called the Times. In Seattle and a local ham on the city radio hook up world read, remarked, "as have heard and his intelligence replied, "Well, you are getting one mad". It would not have mattered anyway for the next morning it was gone.

My very elderly aunt who lives with me and is nearly 80 years old is looking her straight, and cannot see well. I called her to the window several times. Incidentally, she was being quite a witness. I mention this only to call attention to the very fact that I am writing this.

I said nothing more about this matter and waited for more reports to see if anyone else had noticed it and what did take place in the world of satellite. I was not surprised to hear that generally one man report this Russian satellite as having five-square, etc.

I am and was convinced that I could hear of something unusual and I am convinced that what I observed I observed was real. In some moments with cold-like clarity activity. To me such a phenomenon is strange, brilliant and generally to be anything but an ordinary natural.

I suggest that you kindly this information to the proper people. I know how carefully I am writing this and I want you to know that this object is of significance. I will listen that up to your judgment. I am reluctant to have you publish this, but if you could be glad to make any publicity, where and how. I am

[Note: Some words are partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the document]


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. This information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
30 Nov 1964
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 4 50
           Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Bothell, Washington
Nearest Postal Address                City or Town                State or Country

Additional remarks: Rural

5. How long was object in sight?        Hours        Minutes        Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined?   Glanced quickly at object

a. Certain        c. Not very sure
b. Fairly Certain d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                    NIGHT
1. Bright                              a. Bright
2. Cloudy                              b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you        d. To your left
b. In back of you        e. Overhead
c. To your right         f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 (13 Oct 54)


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: _________________
b. Color: Bright white to yellow

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch includes a sun-like object, with annotations like "Hung here", "East", "Slight drift", "Swift trail", and "Trees on distant horizon"]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
               b. Lite or bright star
               c. Sharply outlined
               d. Don't remember

e. Other: Perfectly round

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? [No answer provided]
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Bottom half of page is blank]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. I am a meteorological technician and time working, while the telescope reference. I was interested in the scientific investigation. I was working at the time of the sighting. I am a local resident of the area. I had a very good view of this object that I saw. The very brilliant of the object was to me quite unusual. I had to be of great that was not what I call a regular sight.

The document appears to be page 4 of a UFO sighting report form, with several questions about the observed object's characteristics and motion.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Text in this section is illegible]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South            g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest        h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time whilst you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South            g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest        h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South            g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest        h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees.


- page 5 -

22. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

23. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and "B" at the position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Blank lines for Day, Month, Year]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Blacked out text]
Bothell, Washington

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Partially legible text, appears to be a detailed explanation of the observer's thoughts about the object, but some words are difficult to make out clearly]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]

Age: [Redacted]   Sex: [Redacted]   Marital Status: [Redacted]

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
[Partially legible text appears to describe education and professional background, but most details are redacted]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Date partially visible: 24 January 1971]

Page 6 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 8 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may restate information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and only further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME (Print)                                                                 (Do Not Write In This Space)
                                                                              CODE:
SIGNATURE
DATE    January 24, 1971

Walking to the sink of my kitchen door on the evening of November 20, 1971 I just happened to look up and saw a large, brilliant object drifting slowly at a height which I judged to be 500 to 1000 ft above ground level. It was a large, brilliant object drifting slowly at a pitch his angle-I watched it for a few minutes and was startled to see that I was watching a solid, well-defined object with a clearly defined trail. It was pearl-like crystals jutting out the full circumference of said object. It was in the sky for a time and then slowly moved out. Prior to going from the window however, I called my very elderly aunt to come over. From the window, however, I could see a very clearly defined object.

The time was 8:00 PM. The day was Wednesday, November 20 the year of our Lord, 1970. I was alone at the time as set was within clear unobstructed view.

I cannot give definite information other than mentioned in the foregoing report.

I request no publicity in this matter so I have no desire to do more than advise the military record of this unusual object for their evaluation.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

In answer to citation "B" on front sheet I hereby enclose a photo of the ranch house.

Please note: all windows showing face north. An apple tree is shown. Location of house, held this spot over 40 years. This will show Nelson house in its present location. After much in note front right _______ and apple tree and the light col- I tion are for any aid _____ distinctly north.

(Some text appears to be partially illegible or cut off)

The image shows a black and white photograph of a ranch-style house with an apple tree, situated on a rural road or property.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

CONFIRMATION

AFCIN-1A
AFCIN-3
AFCIN-4X
AFCIN-4X4
AFCIN-125
AFCIN-127
AFCIN-47
AFCIN-4A

AFCIN-62
AFCIN-46
AFCIN-41
OTHER

FILE CLASS:
OFFICIAL FILE COPY

OFFICE OF RECORD
18 JAN 1961

On 30 November 1960, Mrs. [redacted] of Bothell, Washington, messaged an unidentified flying object from her kitchen window, sighting to Senator Henry M. Jackson, Washington, concerning.

Senator Jackson wrote to SAFLR, requesting that the necessary transition be given to his [redacted] letter. A copy of [redacted] was forwarded to AFCIN by your office for possible analysis.

Review of the letter does herewith reveal, possible that many of the facts necessary for analysis are lacking. Although this information will be categorized as "insufficient data."

It is suggested that your office forward to [redacted] a USAF Detailed Reporting Sheet (AFG Form 164, dated January 1960) for completion and forwarding directly to AFCIN.

It is also requested that [redacted] be instructed to include the remarks section answers to the following questions:

a. Was the object viewed through the upper or lower half of window?

b. What is the approximate height of the window above the floor?

c. What is the approximate vertical length of the window?

d. How far were you from the window when you saw the object?

e. Did you move closer to the window while viewing the object?

f. Was the window covered by frost or any other moisture?

g. Are there any telephone or electric lines which can be seen through your kitchen window?

h. Are there any trees outside of your kitchen window?

i. If there are trees, was the object seen above, below, or through them?

ROUTING AND COORDINATION SHEET


- page 11 -

UFO-13

CARL/MO) Wash/cal/27 Dec 60
SWIC-14,1960

Dear Senator [redacted]

This is in response to your letter of 9 December 1960
in which you inquired about the [redacted] sighting of a
unidentified flying object on 20 November 1960.

As was reported to your office by telephone on 23 December,
we are relating to copy of [redacted] report in this matter.
The [redacted] sighting occurred 15 miles northwest of
[redacted] in this matter, and your interest in the [redacted] is
appreciated.

12 Dec - Itr fr Gen
23 Dec - Reed CAFB
23 Dec - Discussed case with Miss [redacted]
[redacted] Santa City, who
[redacted] the known action.
27 Dec - FL prop/fwded based on above.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature block with redacted details]

Comdr's ltr fwded to SAFOI for info.
Honorable Henry W. Jackson
United States Senate


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

3. Did your area experience snow or freezing rain carrier on the day of the sighting?

4. Were there leaves on the trees the day of the sighting?

5. What was the temperature on the day of the sighting?

6. Give the general description of your senses? (A photo, if possible, is desirable)

Bothell, Washington

[Signature of] Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

COORDINATION:
AFOIN-1624 Date 4 Jan 62
AFOIN-1452 Bothrop, CR Date 12 Jan 61

2 [page number]


- page 13 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

10 January 1961

Dear Mrs. [redacted]

With further reference to your recent letter concerning the U.S. sighting you made on 9 November 1959, there is insufficient data available at this point to allow for a valid conclusion or evaluation.

Therefore, request you fill out the enclosed mechanical information sheet. In compliance with 5th Air Flight, 16 Nov 1958 and the completed document to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, Attention: AFCIN-4E2x.

In addition, request you answer the following questions as they apply to this sighting:

a. Was the object viewed through the upper or lower half of the window? Lower

b. What is the approximate height of the window above the floor? Window shows sink-total height from floor to top of window is 1 inch.

c. What is the approximate vertical length of the window? 2 1/2 in.

d. How far were you from the window when you saw the object? 36 in.

e. Did you move closer to the window while viewing the object? Yes.

f. Was the window covered by frost or any other moisture? No.

g. Are there any telephone or electric lines which can be seen through your kitchen window? If so, are any of the poles nearby? No.

h. Are there any trees outside of your kitchen window? Yes, 15-20 ft.

i. If there are trees, was the object seen above, below, or through them? Above.

j. Did your area experience snow or freezing rain earlier on the day of the sighting? No.

k. Were there icicles on the trees the day of the sighting? No.


- page 14 -

Letter to Mrs. [redacted]

1. What was the temperature on the day of the sighting?

2. What is the general description of your honest. (A paste, if possible) is attached.) S. A. 1 1/2 A. M.

As soon as the analysis has been completed, we will let you know the Air Force findings in this matter.

Sincerely,

Enclosure.

[Signature block]
Lawrence J. Tacker
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information
Bothell, Washington


- page 15 -

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET

Location: Bothell, Washington

Date (Local): 30 Nov 60       Hour (Local): 1900
                               Hour (Z Time Group): 0320 hrs 20

Satellite: (Det 5 ATIC, Ext 3279)

Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc):
Possibly REFRACTED OR ALTERED CORONA BOREALIS, 2.6

Radar Analysis (AFSDN-181): N/A

Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc):

Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc.: Long Rpt.

Other:

Evaluation of Source Reliability: Untrustworthy

Analysis and Conclusions:
AT THE TIME OF THIS SIGHTING, THE SITE CLOSELY LIES IN THE NLG. CIRCLE & A RELATIVELY BRIGHT SPOT 1 NORTHWEST 2.6 WAS UNDER OBSERVED IN SPITE PHENOMENA TIME. SOME MIGHT BE A COMMON CAUSE SUSPECTED. THE MISSILE REPORT ON THIS CASE MIGHT HAVE BEEN INFLUENCED BY THE ABOVE. IT IS A QUESTIONABLE ASTRONOMICAL LIGHT TO BE OR APPEAR BRIGHT. THE ABOVE PUT SUCH THE OBJECT WAS ORDERED UNDER SUCH CONDITION. (THESE NUMBERS ARE NOT MADE A BASIS AS TO THE RELIABILITY SINCE). THE EVIDENCE AT THIS POINT IS AS REPORTED BY WITNESSES. LONG COLD, CLEAR NIGHT AS PREP BY LONG SCANNED CLOUDS. THE OBSERVATION IS THE OBJECT AND ITS POSSIBLE CHARACTERISTICS. WHICH WAS CHARACTERISTIC OF THESE TIMES. WHICH IS A CLOSE CLOSE SIGHTED.


- page 16 -

By OCR, I can partially read the top line of text, which appears to say:

"BY NCO AND MISS [illegible] WAS RECEIVED..."

The rest of the text is either too faint or blurry to confidently transcribe. There are also two black redaction marks covering portions of text at the top of the page.

The document appears to be a black and white scanned page with very low contrast, making much of the text difficult to read.


- page 17 -

1 - 15 DECEMBER 1960 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                                OBSERVER        EVALUATION

2       Wheelus AB, Tripoli, Africa             Military        Astro (METEOR)
2       Kettering, Ohio                                         Insufficient Data
2       Keesler AFS, Mississippi                                Satellite
3       Dayton, Ohio                                            Insufficient Data
4       San Diego, California                                   Astro (METEOR)
5       Banks Island, Canada                                    Astro (METEOR)
5       Randolph AFB, Texas                                     Astro (METEOR)
6       34.07N 140.27E Japan                                    Astro (METEOR)
6       Harman, Pennsylvania                                    Insufficient Data
6       Fort Yukon, Alaska                                      Astro (METEOR)
6       33.50N 142.20E Japan                     Military       Astro (METEOR)
6       35.30N 131.30W 350 M W Los Angeles       Military       Insufficient Data
6       Victoria, Columbia                                      Astro (METEOR)
7       Fort Bragg, North Carolina                              Insufficient Data
7       22N 69W Caribbean Sea                    Military       Insufficient Data
7       Vandalia, Ohio                                          Other (EMULSION FLAW)
8       39.1N 64.00W Wallops Island                             Astro (METEOR)
10      Lynbrook, Long Island, New York                         Other (REFLECTION)
10      Virginia, Minnesota                                     Other (HAZE)
10      Cleveland, Ohio                                         Insufficient Data
11      Sault Ste Marie, Michigan                               Astro (METEOR)
12      Waynesville, Ohio                                       Astro (METEOR)
12      Petersburg, Alaska                                      Aircraft
12-13   Seminole, Texas                                         Satellite
13      Bitburg AB, Germany                      Multi          Other (ROTATING BEACON)
13      34.0N 66.0W Massachusetts                Military       Balloon
13      Atlantic Ocean                           Multi          Astro (METEOR)
13      Wichitaw, Alisas                         Military       1. Astro (VENUS)
                                                                2. Other (SEARCHLIGHT)
14      Marietta & Dunmore, Pennsylvania                        Astro (METEOR)
14      Spokane, Washington                                     Satellite

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                                SOURCE          EVALUATION

1       Madison, Wisconsin                       Summary - Fireball Reports
2-12    Atlantic City, New Jersey                Newsclipping
7       Atlantic, California                     Newsclipping
10      Atlantic City, New Jersey                Newsclipping
13      Fond du Lac, Wisconsin                   Summary - Fireball Reports
13      Dubuque, Iowa                            Summary - Fireball Reports
14      Portland, Connecticut                    Summary - Fireball Reports
15      Appleton, Wisconsin                      Summary - Fireball Reports


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Washington, D.C.
November 8, 1960

Henry M. Jackson
Senator, State of Washington
Washington, D.C.

Dear Senator Jackson:

I am approaching you with the following report, because I so met certain work I should advise. To my wife on near Vashon.

I live 11 miles southeast Everett and my home is on a high hill overlooking the Puget Sound by Maltby, Snohomish and Taber Fields.

(Nov.30)On Wednesday evening about 8:00 PM I walked to the sink to start my evening meal and remained out the window to observe a short part of tremendous brilliant lights in the northern sky. It was of almost incredible size and was moving to the west. I might add, however.

I watched it with some degree of awe and it undoubtedly was an almost satellite-like movement sliced and moved in an entirely different and weird way back to near its origin, with, sending out from its entire circumference some just that sort of a crystal appearance. (Apparently rays of some type.)

I hurried to the phone and called the Times. In Seattle and a local paper and the city desk spoke up very much and remarked, "We have had a report and his intelligence replied, 'Well, you are getting one mad.' It would not have surprised me any for them to say that.

My very elderly aunt who lives with me and is nearly 80 years old is looking her straight, and seemed very well. I called her to the window. "Aunt Mary," I said, "look at this." She saw the object clearly. I watched this, only to see attention to the very fact.

I said nothing more about this matter and waited for more reports to see if anyone else had noticed it and what did take place in the world or satellite. I was not surprised to hear that generally some men report this Russian satellite as having five-corner, etc.

I am and was convinced that I could hear of something unusual and I am convinced that what I observed I observed was real. In some moments with full-on-the-ordinary activity. I was such the observer.

I suggest that you kindly this information to the proper people. I know how helpful a man of your caliber can be in these matters and as of the opinion that this object is of significance.

Awaiting your reply, I am that up to your judgment. I am relentless to have you publish this. You would be glad to know more details, where and how I am.


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

SMOR-334     1st Incsr/win/12521

16 January 1961

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

With further reference to your recent letter concerning the UFO sighting you made on 30 November 1960, there is insufficient data available at this point to allow for a valid conclusion or evaluation.

Therefore, request you fill out the enclosed document information with this sighting in detail and send the completed document to the Aerospace Technician initially upon this connection, Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio, Attn: ANCIR-4622.

In addition, request you answer the following questions as they apply to the sighting:

a. Was the object viewed through the upper or lower half of the window?

b. What is the approximate height of the window above the floor?

c. What is the approximate vertical length of the window?

d. How far were you from the window when you saw the object?

e. Did you move closer to the window while viewing the object?

f. Was the window covered by frost or any other substance?

g. Are there any telephone or electric lines which can be seen through your kitchen window? If so, are any of the poles nearby?

h. If there are trees, was the object seen above, below, or through them?

i. Did your area experience snow or freezing rain earlier on the day of the sighting?

k. Were there icicles on the trees the day of the sighting?


- page 20 -

Letter to Mrs. [redacted]

1. What was the temperature on the day of the sighting?

a. What is the general description of your house? (A photo, if possible, is desired.)

As soon as the analysis has been completed, we will let you know the Air Force findings in this matter.

Sincerely,

Enclosure

[Redacted]
Bothell, Washington

[Signature block]
Nicholas G. Metz
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Vamback 61-714
Memo 61-1


- page 21 -

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ATIC-1582K

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting (n.r.)

TO: SAFOI-3a (L/Col Tucker)

1. On 30 November 1960, Mrs. [redacted] of Bothell, Washington, unidentified flying object from her kitchen window.
She wrote to Senator Henry M. Jackson, requesting commentary
her sighting.

2. Senator Jackson wrote to SAFOI, requesting that the necessary
attention be given to his letter. A copy of this letter
was forwarded to ATIC by your office for possible analysis.

3. Review of the letter from Mrs. [redacted] reveals that many of the
data necessary for analysis are missing. Without this information,
it is difficult to categorize or "investigate" the case.

4. It is suggested that your office forward to ATIC a basic
technical information sheet (ATIC Form 164), dated [redacted] 1960
for completion and forwarding directly to ATIC.

5. It is also requested that she be instructed to include
in the remarks section answers to the following questions:

a. Was the object viewed through the upper or lower half of
the window?

b. What is the approximate height of the window above the floor?

c. What is the approximate vertical length of the window?

d. How far were you from the window when you saw the object?

e. Did you move closer to the window while viewing the object?

f. Was the window covered by frost or any other moisture?

g. Are there any telephone or electric lines which can be
seen through your kitchen window? If so, are any of the poles nearby?

h. Are there any trees outside of your kitchen window?

i. If there are trees, was the object seen above, below, or
through trees?


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

1. Did your area experience snow or freezing rain working on the day of the sighting?

2. Were there icicles on the trees the day of the sighting?

3. What was the temperature on the day of the sighting?

4. What is the general description of your county? (A photo, if possible, is desired)

5. Your address is as follows:
Bothell, Washington

[Signature]
PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

The page is numbered "2" at the bottom left.


- page 23 -

Dear Colonel Tacker:

I will send you a report January 24, 1961 covering the description of the sited object I had seen on November 20, 1961 in the Bothell area.

In this report I am in great pain from ( 4 ) question No. 7 from the question sheet correctly and rapidly, "Will" where I should have said, "But I did not."

Since this was a report to our more value to our active, important, I also have the 4 to act more clear UFO. It was mainly that we do not make this information from my observation from 211 and that over they are by this there.

Sincerely,

( Mrs. )


- page 24 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. This information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
30 Nov 1964
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 4 50
           Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Bothell, Washington
Nearest Postal Address                City or Town                State or Country

Additional remarks: Rural setting

5. How long was object in sight?        Hours        Minutes        Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined?   Glanced quickly at object

a. Certain        c. Not very sure
b. Fairly Certain d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                    NIGHT
1. Bright                              a. Bright
2. Cloudy                              b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you        d. To your left
b. In back of you        e. Overhead
c. To your right         f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 (13 Oct 54)


- page 25 -

