PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
2 May 60

2. LOCATION
Trout Run, Pennsylvania

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 021 0410z
GMT 021 0410z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual Ground-Radar Air-Visual Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
Yes No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
4 1/2 hrs

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
two

9. COURSE
varied

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Two objects - one round and one shaped like a Jonathan apple. One was reddish blue-white, the other orange (cherry) white to dazzling white. Remained in the west maneuvering for 1 1/2 hours. Objects appeared as lights. They followed essentially the same pattern for four and 1/2 hours. Viewed from motel window.

11. COMMENTS
Since this is a one witness case it is classed as insufficient data. However, since the objects followed the same pattern for such a long time it is quite probable that the witness observed, a light reflection from some stationary sources.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon Probably Balloon Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft Probably Aircraft Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical Probably Astronomical Possibly Astronomical
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 59)

- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other: 75 feet away

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other:

- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Ready for bed, lights out. Believed it brilliantly shooting star.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

- page 3 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 4 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ________________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ________________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Pittsburgh 16 Pa
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]

What is your present job? Correspondent Tech. Trade Journals

Age 52   Sex M

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school 6
b. High school 2
c. College ___
d. Post graduate ___

e. o. Technical school Many Yards, Ambrose Pa
(Type) Ventilation - LST

f. Other special training ___

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 15 June 1960
    Day   Month   Year

- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
5   May    1960
Day   Month   Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
Yeah, (hard to read) Kits 5/13/60 A.M. First time, not yet single cream colored object. Traveling north, veered N.W. 
shot up toward zenith. Then light went out. Witnessed by 8 other people. Weather: warm - clear.

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
See Summary

- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

See enclosed sketch

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
1,000 feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea - 4/
c. Dime
d. Nickel - 1/2
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to Indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? #2 diminshed beyond tracking
#1 - lost in the light of growing dawn

24. In order that you can give us a clear or possible picture of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object you saw.

Toward view appeared as heat reflector or mirror for gathering solar energy. Since it is fairly known sun gives off vari-colored solar energy bands which have also been detected in the radio, TV, and other ranges; split would be constructed minus metals for attraction to detrimental circuits; possibly laminated; sealed in much the same manner as a-bomb was constructed; removing some component so that balance (lack of balance) would cause ingredients to adhere. Of a mirror-type either boosted by solar station already in space (mother ship) or boosted through full knowledge of employed magnetic band from sun.

- page 7 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME [REDACTED]

SIGNATURE [REDACTED]

DATE 15 June 1962

CODE: [BLANK]

(Do Not Write in This Space)

Page 9

- page 8 -

Page 2 - Summary

This one hung suspended east of my window for at least 30 to 45 minutes. It did no gyrations, just hung there. After a period of time, it slowly began to recede back toward where the blue-white one was still doing oilroles and dives in the west. I did not - or seemed not to - from its diminishing size - stop or slow or in any manner attack itself to the blue-white one. It continued, if diminishing size is any factor, until it became impossible to track. It went in the general direction of the string of lights, though I could not possibly say it became part of the string.

The blue-white one continued various passes until I lost it in the coming light of dawn.

While the details were fresh in my mind, I measured the distance - on that slant - from the base of my window, representing horizon, to the top of that high tension wire. It measured eleven inches.

Still later, I called ex-Commander (USN) who lives in this area, and asked him, after fullest description of what I had seen and done, if such a measurement might give their approximate height. Mr. said I might conclude that one inch of space would roughly equal 10 miles. If this is so, then the objects were 110 miles high.

Upon my description of time it took the second one to recede, Mr. ventured the speed of 8 to 10 miles per second.

(My letter to Mr. Maurice Rice, Department of State, Washington, D.C., together with this summary is the gist of the matter.)

Pittsburgh 16, Pa.

- page 9 -

I was first attracted to the blue-white flickering light because I believed it was a shooting star. But when it leveled off (see frame one) and started its slow approach toward the (top of the loop), I then figured it must be a plane in distress. Therefore, I opened my windows to try to gauge by noise how far away the plane might be.

Whatever it was, it was extremely high. Behind my room - I had turned off the lights long before this as I was ready for bed - crossing an open field a higher elevation than my window was a high tension phone wire. It was about on a 40 to 45 degrees slant from my window. I noticed the wire only when the flickering light seemed to "ride" along the top of that wire.

The light continued its maneuvers, at times surging with blinding speed up toward zenith, making a few lazy circles before it plunged back down again. There was no "shadow" such as would have been had this object been a plane, the bulk or the plane often blotting out exhaust flame as it turns. There was a definite sense the light was turning, but there was no blotting out of the light itself.

How long it continued its maneuvers, I cannot say. But sometime later, a second joined it in its runs. This one appeared to have a seething white base with a very thin cherry tinted veil over its face. (The nearest I can describe this second one is to refer you to a steel-making furnace. The steel in its molten form is nearly blinding white, but I hold that peculiar cherry "veil" over its surface.)

This second one, after a few passes with the flickering one, suddenly began to expand. It grew from pea size - held at arm's length - to tennis ball size, held at arm's length. It was not round as a tennis ball; built more like an apple. It stem were pointed down. It seemed to have - it looked so to me - two holes, one on each side of its front, not directly straight out from the front but more to the side. (Since searching for a description for it, I saw, I refer you to the muzzle of a cow, the holes placed just about like the nostril holes of a cow.) As it expanded, it loses its cherry veil, the white glowing almost "eye-hurting" dazzle. It traveled from due west across the race of the heavens, facing south, to due east. As it traveled, something was released from it.

It was not smoke or did it resemble contrails. As near as I can judge, the stuff released floated in a lazy "S" fashion, glittered like it might contain glass - ground or otherwise - stayed visible no more than two seconds at the most.

- page 10 -

#1

West→
String of lights →

B1 A Great Speed 2 sec 1/2 MIN Almost
Great → 9 dead stop
Speed

Horizon

Color: Flickering Blue-White
Sound: None

MY VISION

Est:
12:01 AM

- page 11 -

TROUT RUN, PENNSYLVANIA
May 4, 1960

Mr. Maurice Rice,
Department of State,
Washington, D.C.

Dear Mr. Rice:

Since I can not get any direct information to who should receive the following information, I must send it to you in the hope you will direct it to the proper channels.

Last Monday night, approximately midnight, I noticed what I thought was a plane in distress in a general direction from my bedroom, north by northwest. The light which first attracted my attention was of a flickering blue-white intensity. The craft - if it was a craft - maneuvered rapidly and at times grew to full magnitude, the flickering incandescence becoming intense and steady. At first, I decided it might be a jet since they do make lights of varying colors. The light - the first one I noticed and at the time the only one, I believed - did what is commonly known as a figure '8'. It was this maneuver which made me think the light might be coming from an ordinary craft.

Later, approximately one a.m., this one blue-white light was joined by another of an orange-yellowish-white intensity. The two maneuvered together, first up into the heavens at tremendous bursts of speed, far greater than any jet I had ever

TURKEYS GROWN ON OUR RANCH

- page 12 -

Here is the text I can see in the image:

90°
Zenith

225
SW

270
W

315
NW

180
S

135
SE

90
E

45
NE

The image appears to be a diagram of a celestial sphere or sky map, showing compass directions, angles, and a stylized landscape at the bottom of the sphere.

- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

#2

Second one:
Dull white with cherry "veil"

Great
speed

Very
slow
Slow

N/VISION
to west by
SOUTH

Horizon

EST:
1AM

- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

43

"Cherry" to dazzling white

East

"Stuff"
released
about
here

West
Room facing South

EST. 3-4m

- page 15 -

Page 3

Mr. Maurice Rice

She also said nobody, to her knowledge, has tried to study them through high powered glasses or has tried to get a fix on their possible position. She also said at times in the past five years, a single light of a whitish cast has appear-ed over the eastern ridge behind her home, has remained stationary for hours before it slowly moved off in an easterly direction. At the time, she was connected with Civil Defense and made inquiry through that channel. She said so far as she knows, nothing was ever done about it.

I got your name through an answer to a letter I had directed to President Eisenhower in 1957, congratulating him. My background includes correspondent for [redacted] Magazine. Home address, [redacted] Pittsburgh 16, Pa.

I would be very happy to discuss these peculiar lights to whoever you refer to me. Thank you very much.

Sincerely,
[signature redacted]

- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 2

seen in flight; coming to an almost dead halt, then ranging down the heavens in equally great bursts, not - or so it seemed to me - slowing but coming to slower speed immediately.

Still later, I noticed a group of these lights behind these two. They also were of the same coloring as the other two with the exception of the one - which told me they were not stars - moving off by itself in spurts. Its movement reminded me of some object magnetized, being jerked across the heavens. This one swung around until it faced approximately due west from where I stood. It grew from a lack-lustre orange-white to a brilliant blue-white.

In all this maneuvering, there was absolutely no sound.

The other peculiar thing was these two foremost ones gave off an incandescent powderish something that floated loose and free, not as contrails. Whatever the stuff was, it vanished within seconds of release.

At dawn - I watched this display until then and lost them - I made a mental check of approximately how high they might have been. Behind my bedroom/are three telephone wires. At an angle from my bed, where I first spotted them after the electric lights were out, at approximately a 40 degree slant upward and gauged from the ridge over which they seemed to be, I'd say they were approximately 60 to 70 miles high, maybe higher.

When I first noticed them, they were in a string, like beads. Later, the blue-white one began to do figure '8's. I have made diligent inquiry upon possible airstrips in or near this section. There aren't any, I'm told.

I have been informed by [redacted] that these lights have been seen over a course of three to five years back.

- page 17 -

Text found in the document:

Trout Run, Pennsylvania

Mr. Maurice Rice
Department of State,
Washington, D.C.

Postmark visible:
WILLIAMSPORT
3-PM
1960
PA.

- page 18 -

June 8, 1960

Lawrence J. Tacker,
Major, USAF,
Public Information Division,
Office of Information,
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Sir:

Your questionnaire pertaining to the signing of an unidentified flying object with letter from you on this subject 1 June 1960, was forwarded to me from Trout Run, Pa., in a box containing personables.
The questionnaire is so spotted it cannot be used.

Will you be so kind as to forward me another set.

Thank you.

Sincerely,

[Signature and additional handwritten notes are blacked out]

- page 19 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2 May 1960
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 12 10
           Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Trout Run R.D.                 Pa
Nearest Postal Address         City or Town     State or Country
Additional remarks: My room faced west by south

5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 4 30
                                       Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
    a. Certain     b. Fairly certain     c. Not very sure     d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight     d. Just a trace of daylight
             b. Dull daylight        e. No trace of daylight
             c. Bright twilight      f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
             b. In back of you       e. Overhead
             c. To your right        f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)

- page 20 -

01-34/form le( r/am/72291

1 June 1960

Dear [redacted]

This is to acknowledge your letter of 4 May to Mr. Maurice Rice, Department of State, regarding the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

Your letter contains insufficient information for a valid conclusion. Therefore, request you complete the attached Air Force Questionnaire in regard to the sighting and forward the completed paper to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

Sincerely,

Incl

LAWRENCE J. TUCKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Trout Run, Pennsylvania

01-34 comeback
01-1 reader

- page 21 -

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: No Sound
b. Color: 1- Flickering blue-white, 2- Orange (cherry) white to dazzling white

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc., and especially without trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

#1: So far distant it looked like a pea o
#2: Shaped like a jonathan apple, stem down
west to east

[A hand-drawn sketch shows an apple-like shape with notes: "Seemed as holes or intakes the no change or shadow in overall dazzling appearance See summary"]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

Other: distinct

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Two
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

See enclosed sketch

- page 22 -

