PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
15 February, 1960

2. LOCATION
San Jose, California

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 1600
GMT: 15/2400Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[✓] Ground-Visual
□ Air-Visual
□ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
[✓] No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Given

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
Not Given

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
A sonic head which followed observation of Jet a/c. It was claimed that the sound was a different sound from that made by jet aircraft.

11. COMMENTS
Probable cause was sonic booms. The geographical configuration of the area is hilly and would cause amplification of this sound.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
[✓] Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

(ATIC FORM 329 (REV 25 SEP 52))

- page 1 -

SAFOI-33/Maj Tacker/mbs/7229)

15 March 1960

Dear Mrs.

Your letter of 15 February 1960 addressed to the U. S. Army has been referred to this office.

The probable cause of the sounds you experienced is sonic booms and the normal roar of jet aircraft engines. The geographical configuration of the area where you live is hilly and amplification of the sound and echoes could contribute to what you heard.

The 1955 sighting you describe was probably caused by light reflected from the dome of the Lick Observatory.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mrs.
San Jose, California

Comeback 01-3d
Reader 01-1

- page 2 -

ATIC-M-12

UFO Letter (Mrs Grace Healey)

ATIC-1-1 (Capt Cooke)

1. It is the opinion of ATIC that this has been hearing, seeing, probably social with the normal wear from jet aircraft engines.

2. The exact geographical localization of the area where lives in not known, but it is highly probable that a combination of the sound and echoes could have been contributing factors.

3. It is impossible to determine positively what the witness saw in 1955 without additional information, i.e., better description, date, and time. It is highly probable that the sighting was caused by light reflected from the sun or the moon. Donald H. Menzel, Harvard Astronomer, agrees that this is a highly possible cause of the sighting. Dr Menzel has lived at the Lick Observatory and is familiar with the area.

4. The witness' letter indicates that she is probably highly excitable, and of definite preconceived notions. She discusses her physician and her diagnosis of any illness (ulcers) differently than her own. The great nervous state of the witness, and her tendency toward preconceived ideas, are probably contributing factors in this case.

5. [Redacted] states that her illness was due to her experience. ATIC does not disagree with the fact that the witness became ill as a result of her experience, but is highly probable that her illness was psychosomatic by nature.

6. No explanation can be offered for why [Redacted] experiences occur only between the first and the fifteenth of the month.

7. Information has been forwarded to ATIC to be used as a basis for a reply to Mrs Healey.

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
ATIC-LM

1 Atch
Cy Ltr 13 Feb 60 to
Mrs Grace Healey w/1 Atch

- page 3 -

REFERRAL NOTICE

DATE: MAR 3 1960
SUSPENSE DATE:

SUBJECT (or Identification):
Unidentified Flying Object

FROM:
Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence, DPI

TO:
[Multiple columns for AFCIN-X, AFCIN-I, AFCIN-2, AFCIN-3, AFCIN-4A, AFCIN-WN, AFCIN-4B, etc. - mostly blank]

Addressee:
Major Friend

TYPE OF ACTION:
[X] APPROPRIATE ACTION
[ ] COMMENTS AND/OR RECOMMENDATIONS
[ ] NOTE AND RETURN
[ ] INFORMATION AND/OR FILE
[ ] COORDINATION

ACTION ASSIGNED TO:
ACS/I HAS/HAS NOT SEEN
AFCIN-X HAS ORIGINAL

FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONTACT:
Capt Copas/eb OO c
TT998/m 20th, Aux 3
AFCIN-181

COMMENT NO. 1
Attached letter, received from ACSI/Army, is forwarded for your information and whatever action may be deemed necessary. Request you inform AFCIN-181 concerning your action and/or final disposition, this matter, since future inquiries will probably be received from ACSI/Army

2 Atch
1. DD 95, 25 Feb 60
2. Ltr fr Mrs. [redacted], 15 Feb 60

[Signature of a Colonel, USAF at bottom of document]

- page 4 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

NAME OR TITLE
Capt. D.B. Copes

ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION
ATIC 181 Room 204 Plt Annex #3

REMARKS
The attached letter is forwarded as a matter pertaining to your office.

FROM NAME OR TITLE
James H. Mims, Jr.

ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION
Investigations Branch, OAOSI

DD FORM 95 1 FEB 50
(REVERSE)

NEVER USE FOR APPROVALS, DISAPPROVALS, CONCURRENCES, OR SIMILAR ACTIONS

DATE
25 Feb 60

TELEPHONE
7762

Form 12, 10 Nov 67, which may be used.

- page 5 -

Sonic Boom
Heard In Valley

A cracking sonic boom
moving in a north-south direction startled residents in
the central and eastern
parts of Santa Clara Valley
at noon today.

Reporters telephoned to the
News indicated the explosive sound waves traveled along a path from
Almaden, through San Jose
east of First street and
along the eastern foothills.

The responsible aircraft
was not sighted.

- page 6 -

Feb 14, 1960

Army High Command:

Dear Sir:

I'm writing this letter in hopes that someone with an ounce of intelligence will listen to what I have to say. Today Feb 19, 1960 at 4 o'clock in the East foot hills of San Jose, two of your jets passed over head, and like the months that have passed, when your jets have passed over head something lying up there breaks out with great force and follows the jets.

I know the scum of a jet, but this is a different kind of sound. It is as though it lies in wait between the first and 16th of the month. Its motor stops and then goes again as though it can stay in one place and wait it is hard to find words to describe it.

It followed the two jets tonite at 4 o'clock Feb 14, 1960.

Enclosed is an article in the paper about a sonic boom. I was in the yard and close over head I could hear this strange noise, & I felt such a strange feeling. Like I was under some kind of great heat. that nite my body was breaking out with strange welts & my body felt as thou I was coming out of my skin. I went to the hospital about 4 AM, the doctors couldn't describe it so like all doctors they called it hives. I never had hives in my life.

In 1955 at 3 AM in the morning hanging over in the foot hills we could see this object bright moving back & forth in the hills, swinging like pendulous on a clock, I called my husband; then he called our teenage son to see it.

I asked your military to come see it, but they have the same thing to say I could be a jet.

Tonite, I have heard over the news about a jet going down in Mt View which is not far from San Jose where we live. It went into a house on Feb 15, 1960.

Lick Observatory is right in the area above us where this strange object seems to be most of the time.

I ask you to look into these facts.

[Signature redacted]
San Jose, 
Calif

- page 7 -

Feb. 15, 1960

Army Flight Command!
Dear Sir:

In writing this letter in hopes that someone with my experience will listen to what I have to say.

Today Feb. 15, 1960 at 4:o'clock on the East side of San Jose store of town yet passed over head, and while this months that have passed over head something of flying up three tracks out with great force of plane.

I know the sound of a jet but this a different kind of sound. It was as though it lies not let near the last 15 of the month. Its noise stops then of your leg on through it came flying in one place & went it as heard to just want to describe it.

It followed the big of track out + 15 stops. Feb. 15, 1960

- page 8 -

Entered was an article in the paper about an incident in some town, I was in the yard + close over head I could hear then strange noise, + I felt such a strong feeling like I was under some kind of great heat that made my body even heating out with strange sweat + my body felt as then I was coming out of my skin.

I went to the hospital about 2 1/2 A.M. the doctors couldn't describe it so when all doctors they called at time I was helpless in my life.

In 1965 at 3 A.M. one morning having ice on the first hills we could see then clear object height rising such + path in the hills, moving along the pendulum on an clock, I contacted my husband then he called our teenage son to see it.

I asked your military to come see it but they show the same thing to + cloud be a yet

- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Sonic Boom
Heard In Valley

A cracking sonic boom moving in a north-south direction startled residents in the central and eastern parts of Santa Clara Valley this noon today.

Reports telephoned to the News indicated the explosive sound waves traveled along a path from Almaden, through San Jose east of First street and along the eastern foothills. The responsible aircraft was not sighted.

[The rest of the document appears to be a handwritten account, which I will transcribe as follows:]

[The handwritten text is partially illegible, but appears to describe a personal experience related to the sonic boom, mentioning going to the hospital around 4 AM, doctors, and some personal details about the witness's life and reactions to the event.]

- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Tonite, I have heard over the news about a jet going down in Mt View which as not for from Jim you were in last. It went into a house on

Feb 18, 1960

Sirs: I have written in the area above as where this strange object seems to be near of the time I ask you to look into these facts

San Jose
Calif

- page 11 -

