Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. On an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near on airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Watching television. Glance out of Trailer Court knocked and noted strange object flying low over area. Visibility about 1/2 mile. Strange object then flew over trailer court.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
c. East
e. South
b. Northeast
d. Southeast
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)
Yes
No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
c. East
e. South
g. West
b. Northwest
d. Southeast
f. Southwest
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
c. East
e. South
g. West
b. Northwest
d. Southeast
f. Southwest
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing items (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (that east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ______ degrees. From horizon ______ degrees.
b. From horizon ______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ______ degrees. From horizon ______ degrees.
b. From horizon ______ degrees.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on his curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curve line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

Impossible to delineate on this sketch. It was all over the

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" in the position where you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

The document contains two sketches with instructions for marking the height and position of an observed object in the sky.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Mostly illegible, some details blacked out]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses: [Mostly blacked out]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines with no text]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
It was unquestionably some kind of intelligently controlled air or space vehicle.

Page 7 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   All we can say is it looked like a very high speed

If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)   No way to triangulate.

If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]   Chula Vista   City   Zone   California   State

TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]

Age 55 (month)   Sex M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent. [Remaining text in this section is illegible]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:   6   February   1962

Page 3 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use
the following space to write out a brief description of the event that you observed. You may re-
peat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments,
statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observa-
tion in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached
if they are needed.

NAME [REDACTED]
SIGNATURE [REDACTED]
DATE [PARTIALLY ILLEGIBLE]

This is one of the most unusual sightings we have ever had. Kindly because of the great distance we are dealing while light traveled back one forth from the main road-crossing to and
observed only on one side. So have seen many unusual meteors and unidentified objects. We have
observed all the visible Sputniks and also many times and we are politely thank this report is total phenomena.

There were seven viewers, three with binoculars watching it for from twenty to thirty five minutes. The other five
observers are not familiar with the size as we are but it could be a total interaction.

We are still wondering and discussing this amazing sighting and if you can give us any information about it to would
be helpful. It might be a little more clarification for continued sky watching for objects of this sort and
our neighbors have become increasingly interested in sky watching.

Our fire neighbors have become increasingly interested in sky watching.


- page 5 -

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET

Location: Chula Vista, California
Date (Local) 27 September 60     Hour (Local) 1930
                                  Hour (Z Time Group) 0330

Satellite: (Det 5 ATIC, Ext 3279)  √

Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc) √

Radar Analysis (ATCH-451)

Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc)

Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc

Other

Evaluation of Source Reliability: Probably Good

Analysis and Conclusions: The objects described by two witnesses appear to have been a reported astronomical object. Witnesses indicated this passage of a high elevation object. The witnesses could only describe this passage as a bright object. The witnesses could not determine the exact distance or size of the object. Precise recognition was not possible. Mean be cognized with 50 minutes as a mile time for an aircraft is or is slight or could be one of those occurred for only certain or more. This case is classed as an "Unidentified"

Signed: [Signature is illegible]


- page 6 -

S.D. SKIES GLOW
Pilots Spot Mystery Light
By JOHN BUNKER
Two Navy pilots today reported seeing a strange, flying object in San Diego skies.

Lt. Bill Friel and Ens. Jim Jaconia of North Island's All Weather Fighter Squadron 3 spotted the object about 9:15 last night.

The Air Force radar station on Mt. Laguna said it did not pick up an unidentified object.

The station tracks all aircraft approaching the San Diego area.

"We were just going home from a routine alert when I saw this unusual light in the sky," said Friel. "It was three blocks from our base at NAS North Island. When we got there, the light was still visible. At first I thought it might be a satellite, but it wasn't."

Friel said as a satellite would. We then got binoculars and watched it.

"At first it was almost due east," said Jaconia. "It seemed to be moving east to west. Then it made a 90 degree turn toward the north. A minute or so later, it interested another in degrees and went back east.

"The first and last time we saw the object was about 10 minutes."

"What intrigued us was the light from this object," Friel said.

"It wasn't the kind of light you see from a reciprocating engine," Jaconia added. "It was more like a steady glow, like a steady stream of electric spark. Something like a pulsating or throbbing light."

Friel and Jaconia belong to the only Navy fighter squadron in the Air Force's North American Air Defense network.

EVENING TRIBUNE, SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA, THUR., MAR. 11, 1965


- page 7 -

March 14, 1961

ATIC
Dayton
Ohio

Dear Sirs:

I am forwarding the enclosed clipping to you because it so closely resembles the sighting made by us in this vicinity on November 27, 1960.

My husband and I sent you a report on our sighting but I did not have the exact date on the report. Since then I found the page of the calendar where I had marked it and the date given above is correct.

We did not receive any acknowledgment from you of our report but I suppose a sighting like this is just as mysterious and unexplainable to you as it is to us.

Very truly yours,

Chula Vista, California


- page 8 -

January 21, 1961

Lt. Col. Lawrence Tucker
KT TV, TV, Channel 11
Hollywood 28, California

Dear Sir:

I wish to report a very strange sighting in the sky over Chula Vista and San Diego and Mexico about a month ago. There was an exceptionally clear sky that evening and error of my vision the object for twenty or thirty minutes and two for thirty minutes.

First, I wish to make it clear to you that we are competent observers. We have been amateur astronomers for many years and have watched satellites and planets. We are also able to recognize a meteor when we see one. During meteor showers we often watch the sky all night and we have seen many varieties of meteors, of course. We are also very used to jet planes, helicopters, weather and observation balloons, satellites, satellites and all the other things, including Americana that are often mistaken for UFOs. We have watched all the satellites and Echo.

On the evening we saw this strange object we were sitting watching television when the lenses of this trailer court noticed on the door and closed us in. We came out and saw if we could identify the strange thing they were watching in the sky. As we paused our binoculars and rushed out to take a staggering sight. It was an object a bit redder than the average (orange red) and was describing huge circles in the air. The first I would come to a sudden stop again and look through the binoculars it closely resembled a planet, but it was somewhat connected with a black dot, now. The best way I can describe it is to say it looked like a red ball, somewhat transparent, and it came and went in the sky and appeared to go in and out. Then the red-orange glow at terrific speed. It went right on riding dashes with some more and then returned and from where we were viewing it was over North Island and how several people more. Kindly remember that seven people (three with binoculars) were viewing this object for a long time. Then it continued. And did not reappear.

There was no noise connected with it. And there was not a plane of any description in that area that night. (It was on a Sunday evening). There is very unusual here, especially on clear nights.


- page 9 -

Page Two

I felt I should report this sighting to someone so I called up Mr. [redacted] who is the head of Project Moonwatch here and described the sighting to him. He was interested and gave me his residence phone number so we could call him if we over saw it again and perhaps manage to triangulate it.

None of the usual Air Force explanations could explain this sighting. We have not seen it again but we look every night.

It seems to me it should be reported to the Air Force.

If you prove with the then Joint Terrain Card that there is someone out here to take testimony from all or any of us that saw it. [redacted] would be the best one to interrogate.

We could not resolve the white light that seemed to go in and out from the red-orange light but we were able to resolve the light itself. It was noticed to be very very far away, especially when directly overhead. This definition of the orange-red light was very similar to the definition of the white light. The white light seemed to move in and out a great distance, possibly as much as a hundred diameters. It left the impression of a very bright light that could only be seen on one side and every time the pole would go around you could see one bright white light go in and out on one side of the main body only. The whole thing moved around so much it could have been a tank and from this we must have viewed it from all sides.

This was the most mysterious, unexplainable and spectacular sighting to have ever made and we will appreciate any explanation you can make of it.

My husband says I should state that the one hundred diameters means diameters of the main body.

Sincerely yours,

[signature redacted]
Chula Vista, California


- page 10 -

1 February 1961

Dear Mr. and [redacted]

This will acknowledge receipt of your letter of 21 January, in which you reported the sighting of an unidentified flying object in the sky over Chula Vista, San Diego and Mexico about a month ago.

Your letter contained insufficient information for a valid evaluation. Therefore, request you FILL out the attached Air Force questionnaire in detail and send the completed document to the Commander, Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, for their analysis and/or evaluation.

Sincerely,

Attachment

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

[Letterhead indicates from Chula Vista, California]


- page 11 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed.

Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
27 November 1960
Month   Day    Year

2. Time of day: Sixteen
Hour

(Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
                b. Central
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
               b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted address]
Chula Vista, California
City or Town                State or Country

5. How long was object in sight? 20 to 30
                                 Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? By the clock and by TV program
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                           NIGHT
a. Bright                     a. Bright
b. Cloudy                     b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
               b. In back of you
               c. To your right

               d. To your left
               e. Overhead
               f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 15 Oct 54.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One)
a. None
b. A few
c. (Many)
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One)
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. (No moonlight - pitch dark)
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One)   a. As a light)   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? No.   About the same magnitude as the stars with about the same brightness as the brightest stars. Yes. Identical in color with stars, also illuminated.

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Streak up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?   Section went out
f. Change shape?   Scintillation after
g. Flash or flicker?   One second
h. Disappear and reappear?   Yes

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
(Yes)  No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   (No)  Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   (No)  Don't Know
Yes   (No)  Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear:   (Circle One)   a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of this path, a "B" at the end of this path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object, and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of this sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? Covered

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes. It seemed to have traveled out of sight in a straight line from our viewpoint.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Here, with a very long antenna rod and external antenna, would place a balloon, while light running back and forth north the whole length of the sky. Fifty to one hundred diameters of the main resolved rod.


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound _____ silent _______
    b. Color _____ appeared white in color ______

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially, exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch appears in this section, but as per instructions, I will not describe the details of the sketch]

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy   b. blurred   c. Sharply outlined   d. Don't remember
    Other: well-defined and clear

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Another blank drawing section appears]


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. On an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near on airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Watching television. Glance out of Trailer Court knocked and noted strange object flying over area. Identify this strange object then watch it for several minutes.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East         e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast    f. Southwest     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East         e. South         g. West
b. Northwest     d. Southeast    f. Southwest     h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East         e. South         g. West
b. Northwest     d. Southeast    f. Southwest     h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing from (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (true east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ______ degrees. From horizon ______ degrees.
b. From horizon ______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ______ degrees. From horizon ______ degrees.
b. From horizon ______ degrees.


- page 16 -

