The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and observations.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 3 January, 1960
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2.30 a.m
5. PHOTOS: 0.Yes 
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not stated
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: On 3 January a lady says she had a place of permanent abode from the noise came. She had to move out of her house because she is being "watched".
CONCLUSIONS: Do not know how she could obtain a clear shape of the source of light. Psychological Case.
Faulkner.

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Extracting the text from the document:

AFCIN-4x2/Captain McNall/59017
Extract from ATIC Duty Officers Report
13 January 1960

AFCIN-4x
The following are extracts from ATIC Duty Officer, Captain George T. Gregory's report dtd 15 Jan 60 for your information:

1753 - Received telephone report from Col. Winslow, MA in regard form regarding a "light Russian missile" that fell near the Kinderhook, N.Y. residence of Vice Admiral S.S. Law. York. Transmitted from Col. Moore, 055, Pentagon. (who telephone to take this). Called Maj. France.

2323 - FLASH INFO SECTION'S message directly from SAC COMMAND Post at Officer APS, with SAC D.O., Col. Barnwright (?) monitoring. reporting that SAC sighted an unidentified number of objects from the Cheyenne, Wyoming, including military personnel and civilians, whom SAC commanded to drop all unauthorized equipment and reported to the 79th Air Div. including the Air Defense Command Control Center. March Field had collected all this data in a detailed continuous log, which he USAF Command Post directed that it be played back to the undersigned SPO. to determine significance as it was captured and full of static.

A brief description is attached. Request was made to the APN AIR FORCE Command that this be evaluated and studied in the interest of national security. Requesting "MAY I find and contact" information of the incident. It was recommended that this SPO contact Maj. France who had a background of the incident.

This report was passed and contacted Col. Sadler, 1127th CAG and informed him of the incident for whatever action his office deemed necessary. Command Post at 1125h TAG continued and informed OFAmeliand an astronaut member USAF UFO officer.

JOHN C. HANSELL
Captain, USAF
AFCIN-4x2

1 Atch
UFO Report

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Mrs. aircraft observer, residing at Bay Port, Long Island, New York. She has a beach-house also which she visits in Sppring Elillie, West Wing, Washington Square Village, Manhattan. On 8 January she saw an object in the sky and it was a Russian lost missile and it fell into the Great South Bay at 0930 p.m. She reported this information to the Duty Offices at SAC Base, West Hampton, Long Island. On hearing nothing, reported this to the FBI. She stated that she had recovered a piece of garment from her house costs and she now has moved out of her Long Island house to her town house because she is being watched. If she does not get any action soon she is going to take the matter up with Senator Robert Wagner.

- page 3 -

