There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It seems to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card that contains text information about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 8 OCT 60 
2. LOCATION: Point Lookout, Long Island, New York
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: Local
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 6 Ground-Visua1
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 mins
7. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: The object appeared to pass near the ocean, which was illuminated. As it passed overhead, a smaller object was observed inside the larger object. It seemed to be well over a mile away and was observed through binoculars. As it passed overhead, the smaller object could be seen. It seemed to be a craft going back toward the ocean. No trace found.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, detailing an unidentified flying object sighting that occurred on October 5, 1960 at Point Lookout, Long Island, New York.

HEADQUARTERS
CONTINENTAL AIR COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
MITCHELL AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: OIN

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

TO: Hq USAF (AFCIN)
ATIC, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. On or about 5 October 1960 at 2100 hours, T/Sgt ******, 3330 Air Base Wing, Mitchell Air Force Base, New York, with a ****** as chauffeur for Lt. General William B. Hall, Commander, CONARC, sighted an unidentified flying object.

2. The sergeant and his son were fishing on the beach at Point Lookout, Long Island, New York (located 4 miles east of Long Beach), when they sighted a bright object appear high in the sky moving from northeast to southwest. On first sighting, the object appeared to be going straight towards them, which was the Hill, then it made a very wide turn to the right and into a northeasterly direction. During this turn, the object appeared almost stationary, and a vapor trail could be seen. During this time the object resembled a large star, as it passed over Point Lookout, it turned to the southeast and then made a wide sweeping turn to the right and westerly, passing back towards the moon in a northeasterly direction. During the turn, the object appeared only as a blurry, very faint nebulous star with no indications of a tail or vapor trail being present. The turn was wide, extending almost to the southeast and western horizons before going again towards the northeast.

3. The observer said the object appeared to be very high and moving faster than any aircraft he had ever seen. There was no noise. The object was visible only as a continuous white light.

4. The only other known observer was Sgt ****, the young son who was with him at the time of the sighting.

- page 2 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) between 1952 and 1969.

The text on the page includes the following:

5. Sgt. ____ had forgotten about the incident but was reminded of it during a conversation with General Hill who recommended that he report it.

FOR THE COMMANDER:
[Handwritten signature]

- page 3 -

