vehical at the time, then complete the follow-
ing questions:
28.What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a.North     d.Southeast     g.West
b.Northeast     e.South     h.Northwest
c.East     f.Southwest
28.How fast were you moving?      Miles per hour
29.Did you stop at any time? While you were
looking at the object? (Circle One)
YES     NO
29.What direction were you looking when you
first saw the object? (Circle One)
a.North     d.Southeast     g.West
b.Northeast     e.South     h.Northwest
c.East     f.Southwest
30.What direction were you looking when you
last saw the object? (Circle One)
a.North     d.Southeast     g.West
b.Northeast     e.South     h.Northwest
c.East     f.Southwest
31.If you are familiar with bearing terms
(angular direction), try to estimate the
number of degrees the object was from true
North and also the number of degrees it was
upward from the horizon (elevation)?
31.1 When it first appeared:
a.From true North     degrees.
b.From horizon     degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared:
a.From true North     degrees.
b.From horizon     degrees.
32. In the following sketch, imagine that you
are at the point shown. Place an "A" on
the curved line to show how high the ob-
ject was above the horizon (skyline) when
first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curve
line to show how high it was above the
horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.
(SEE NEXT PAGE)


- page 1 -

33.In the larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at the position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

34.What were the weather conditions at the time you saw it? (Circle one for each group of questions)

34.1 Clouds:
a.Clear
b.Hazy
c.Scattered clouds
d.Thick or heavy clouds
e.Don't remember

34.2 Wind:
a.No wind
b.Slight breeze
c.Strong wind
d.Don't remember

34.3 Precipitation:
a.None
b.Mist, or light rain
c.Moderate or heavy rain
d.Snow
e.Don't remember

34.4 Temperature:
a.Cold
b.Cool
c.Warm
d.Hot
e.Don't remember

35.When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? (SEE NEXT PAGE)


- page 2 -

Day [illegible] Month [illegible] Year [illegible]

I lid not, for no one would probably believe me. They would think I was making it all up. Anyway, I did not know who to report it to.

36. Was anyone else with you when you saw the object? (Circles One): Yes No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circles One): Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses [partially obscured]

Mrs. [name obscured]
Springfield, Ohio

Today [location obscured]
Springfield, Ohio

37. Was this the first time you had seen an object or object? (Circles One): Yes No

37.1 If you answered NO, then tell when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones.

I saw one which looked like a jet in the same class as we know. There was no sound. I could see it move from west to east. I saw it disappear via. two moves. One which did disappear from one spot, it moved upward and sideways a little and disappeared.

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what height have you estimate it? I will the object could have a number of different things. A weather balloon, a secret research project, a satellite or something moving across the city. It had two small dots moving towards it from the northeast. One was moving, one behind it and didn't come, as far as I could see. It was two small ships. I viewed all of this through my 40 power telescope.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circles One): Yes No
IF you answered YES, then What speed would you estimate? [illegible]


- page 3 -

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One). (Yes NO)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you estimate it was? 2,1l, 260,000 feet, or 46,300 coo miles.

41. Please give us the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted] Springfield Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
What is your present job? None
Age 13 Sex Boy

Please indicate any special education training:
1. Grade school
2. High school
3. Vocational
4. Some college
5. Graduated
6. Technical school (Type)

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Thursday July Month 1961 Year


- page 4 -

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET

Location SPRINGFIELD, OHIO
Date (Local) 29 JULY 60     Hour (Local) 1500
                             Hour (2 Time Group) 27-2800

Satellite: (Det 5 ATIC, Ext 3279)

Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc) ALMOST
                                                    OCCURRENCE OF A VIRGO (BERRY)
Radar Analysis (AFCIN-LE1)

Natural Phenomena (Bell Lightning, etc)

Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc

Other

Evaluation of Source Reliability UNKNOWN

Analysis and Conclusions:

1960 ALMANAC REVEALS THAT THE MOON PROBABLY OBSCURED THE OCCUPATION OF A STAR. THE APPARENT MOTION OF THE MOON IS EAST TO WEST, THUS DUE TO THE EARTH'S ROTATION. HOWEVER, THE MOON ACTUALLY REVOLVES WEST TO EAST AND THIS ACCOUNTS FOR ITS MOVING IN FRONT OF A STAR FROM THE WEST. MINOR WILL POSSIBLY SHOW THE STAR AT


- page 5 -

The moment the occultation occurred or else it took place while the moon and star were behind the cloud. This signtime was probably due to the occultation/observation of the occultation of -virgo (star).


- page 6 -

September 13, 1962

Dear [redacted]

Reference your recent letter requesting information on a UFO sightings you reported in 1961.

The object you sighted appeared to be in conjunction with the moon and was determined to be a near occultation of GAMMA VIRGO a third magnitude star.

Since it appears you are interested in astronomy and science as well UFOs, we recommend you read INTRODUCTION TO ASTRONOMY by McLaughlin. Also, Dr. Menzel's new book, THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS, will be out in the next few months.

Other information which might interest you is enclosed.

Your interest in this project is appreciated.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM J. LOCKADOO
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
Springfield, Ohio

Attachments


- page 7 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: T-3/Lt Col Fox

SUBJECT: Request for Information

TO: Hq USAF
ATTN: AFCIN (Maj Keane)
Wash 25 DC

1. Reference the attached letter dated 7 August 1962 from [redacted] requesting information in Unidentified Flying Object. The following information is provided as a result of your request:

2. [Redacted], thirteen years old. In July 1962 he went to a very small airport near [redacted] concerning a sighting made in July 1962. He obtained information through a local pilot who was familiar with the incident. The object was determined to be a near constellation of [redacted].

3. Another phenomenal visitor to [redacted] (in Springfield, Ohio) in the [rest of paragraph is mostly illegible]

[Signature appears to be] Robert J. Friend, Lt Col

[Date and additional details are redacted]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Dir. ATIC
Wright-Patterson AFB
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

Last year I wrote to you concerning a U.F.O. sighted below the north at 11:55 P.M. Eastern Standard Time on Friday, July 29, 1960. I am sending the latest information, U.F.O. which is possible to send it to you. I'm sent the data (I'm very grateful) said you forwarded my data to the Air Force Intelligence Center.

At the address I write now to you:

Here I anything you want to know my U.F.O.?

I will be glad to give you any additional information.

It seems to me you gather their data from U.F.O.'s, and if you might, I got any information could volunteer.

Thanks and Regards would appreciate - much as possible.

Yours truly,

[Signature and address lines are redacted/blacked out]

Springfield, Ohio is written in the top right corner of the document.


- page 9 -

P.S. - I am trying to gather all the data I can on U.F.O.'s. Would you turn me on to any place I can get info?

Thanks again,


- page 10 -

COPY

Dept. of Defense
Office of Public Info
Washington 25, D.C.

Gentlemen:

Last year I wrote to you concerning a U.F. sighted below the moon at 7:05 P.M. Eastern Standard Time on Friday, July 5, 1957. I have previously written about this U.F. sighting if it was possible to send it to me. You sent the blank (form) which I filled out and returned to the message Technical Intelligence Center.

I would appreciate any you could give me concerning that last U.F.C.

If possible, send me the latest data on U.F.O.

Thank you again, I remain, etc.

COPY


- page 11 -

Department of Defense
Office of Public Information
Washington, 25, D.C.

Gentlemen:

I have seen an object and would like to know about it: I didn't know where to send my information until about a month ago, and I didn't have the questions until about two months ago. I am not sure I sent this to the right place. But it was the only place I would send it to, for I don't have the address of the AIR FORCE. If this is not the right place, please, where to send it.

I am interested in Flying Saucers. I would like more information and sightings on them. You could send me information of different sightings and pictures if you could possible.

Thank you very much.

Very truly yours,


- page 12 -

Hladys Wise/ja

16 July 1961

Dear [redacted]

The information contained in your letter of July 10th about the sighting you report has been forwarded to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Centers. This is the organization responsible for conducting investigations of our scientists and where will they analyze your report in an effort to ascertain what it was.

In the meantime, we are enclosing a copy of the latest Department of Defense Act Sheet, Air Force FO Report, which will give you a general summary of Air Force findings about other FO sightings.

Thank you for your interest.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM H. BRADY, JR.
Major, USAF
Project Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Springfield, Ohio


- page 13 -

U.S. AIR FORCE INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. AIR FORCE as much information as possible on unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. This information will be used for research purposes and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used with any connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your personal information, so if it is deemed necessary to may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
29 Friday July 1960
DAY MONTH YEAR

2. Time of day: 7 00 Hours Minutes

3. Time zones (Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: Springfield, Ohio
City or Town State or Country
Additional remarks: I was in my front yard when I first noticed it.

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
00 15 00 Hours Minutes

5. Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answers to No. 5:
a. Certain
b. Fairly Certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One):
a. Bright daylight
b. Dull daylight
c. Bright twilight


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

d.Just a trace of daylight
e.No trace of daylight
f.Don't remember

7.If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the object located as you looked the object (Circle One):
a.In back of you     d.To your left
b.In front of you    e.Overhead
c.To your right      f.Don't remember

8.If you saw the object NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? (Circle One):
a.STARS                 d.2MOON
b.None                 e.Bright moonlight
c.A few                f.Dull moonlight
d.Many                 g.No moonlight pitch dark
e.Don't remember       h.Don't remember

9.Was the object brighter than background or the sky? (Circle One):
a.Yes                  c.Don't remember
b.No

10.IF IT WAS BRIGHTER THAN the background, was the brightness like that of an automobile head-light? (Circle One):
a.A mile away (distant car)?
b.Several blocks away?
c.A block away?
d.Several yards away?
e.Other. LIKE A BRIGHT STAR

11.Did the object: (Circle One for each question):
a.Appear to stand still        Yes No Don't know
b.At any time?                 Yes No/Don't know
c.Suddenly speed up and
   rush away at any time?      Yes No/Don't know
d.Break up multiple-parts?     Yes No Don't know
e.Explode?                     Yes No Don't know
f.Give off smoke?              Yes No Don't know
g.Change shape?                Yes No Don't know
h.Flicker, throb, or
   pulsate?                    Yes No Don't know

12.Did the object move behind something, particularly a cloud? (Circle One):


- page 15 -

Yes. No Don't know. If you answered YES, then
tell what it moved behind.

13. Did the object move in front of something,
at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle
One): Yes No Don't know. If you
answered YES, then tell what it moved in
off.

14. Did the object appear? (Circle One):
a.Solid, b.Transparent c.Don't know*

15. Did you observe the object through any of
the following:
a.Eyeglasses Yes No
b.Sun Glasses Yes No
c.Windshield Yes No
d.Window Glass Yes No

e.Telescope Yes No
f.Binoculars Yes No
g.Periscope Yes No
h.Other Yes No

16. Tell in a few words the following things
about the object:
a.Sound: No Sound.
b.Color: White or Cream.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape or
the object, or objects. Include in this
in your sketch any details of the object
that you saw, such as wings, protrusions,
etc., and especially exact trails or vapor
trails, place and arrow beside the drawing
to show the direction the object was moving

[Handwritten note at bottom of sketch area: "NAKED EYE"]


- page 16 -

18. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a.Fuzzy or blurred
b.Like a bright star
c.Sharply outlined
d.Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture and put an arrow of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to estimate or guess what the real size of the object was in its long est dimension. If (Circle One):
a.Feet
b.Yards

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one or the following objects held in the hand out at about arm's length: (Circle One):
a.Head or a pair f.Half dollar
b.Dime g.Silver dollar
c.Nickel h.Baseball
d.Griskel i.Grapefruit
e.Quarter j.Basketball
k.Other

22.1 Circle one or the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to No. 22:
a.Certain b.Agent, very sure
c.Fairly certain d.Uncertain

2. How did the object or objects disappear


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

from view? I am not sure, I was watching it
through my 40 power telescope. I was going to
my friends house to get him. He lived for
a block away. He couldn't come. I went back.
It was still there. A small cloud passed
over it. It took about 30 seconds to pass over.
When it cleared away the object was gone. So
I did not see it come out from behind the
cloud. Now did I see it or the moon through
the cloud.

24. In order that you can a clear a clear
picture of what you saw, we would like for
you to imagine you could construct the
object or objects you saw. Of what material
would you make it? How large would it be,
and what shape would have it? Describe
in your own word a common object or objects
which when placed in the sky would give the
same appearance as the object you saw.
I would construct it of the lightest metal,
aluminum. It would be about 150 feet long, and
about 75 feet wide. A pinhead placed in the
sky would give the same appearance as this
object which I saw.

25. Where were you located when you saw the
object? (Circle One): a.Inside a building
                      b.In a car
                      c.Outdoors
                      d.In an airplane
                      e.At sea
                      f.Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
    a.In the business section of a city?
    b.In the residential section or a city?
    c.In open country?
    d.Flying near an airfield?
    e.Flying over a city?
    f.Flying over open country?
    g.Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the
object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was playing baseball with my friends in my
front yard. One of them pointed it out to me.
I immediately brought out my 40 power telescope.

28. If you w ere MOVING IN AUTOMOBILE or othe_


- page 18 -

vehical at the time, then complete the follow-
ing questions:
28.What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a.North     d.Southeast     g.West
b.Northeast     e.South     h.Northwest
c.East     f.Southwest
28.How fast were you moving?      Miles per hour
29.Did you stop at any time? While you were
looking at the object? (Circle One)
YES     NO
29.What direction were you looking when you
first saw the object? (Circle One)
a.North     d.Southeast     g.West
b.Northeast     e.South     h.Northwest
c.East     f.Southwest
30.What direction were you looking when you
last saw the object? (Circle One)
a.North     d.Southeast     g.West
b.Northeast     e.South     h.Northwest
c.East     f.Southwest
31.If you are familiar with bearing terms
(angular direction), try to estimate the
number of degrees the object was from true
North and also the number of degrees it was
upward from the horizon (elevation)?
31.1 When it first appeared:
a.From true North     degrees.
b.From horizon     degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared:
a.From true North     degrees.
b.From horizon     degrees.
32. In the following sketch, imagine that you
are at the point shown. Place an "A" on
the curved line to show how high the ob-
ject was above the horizon (skyline) when
first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curve
line to show how high it was above the
horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.
(SEE NEXT PAGE)


- page 19 -

