Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other Over in black space

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was watching T.V. It was at night. Came out of something bright I noticed something bright in the sky. I saw an object then.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop or at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest
Straight up, then half light, near West

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.


- page 1 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
20     July     1963
Day     Month     Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.2 Please list their names and address:
[Redacted/Blacked out]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen on object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes     No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Partially illegible handwritten text]


- page 3 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? It only seem to do

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/2 mile

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] St. Louis 4, 1200
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? [partially illegible]
Age 22   Sex Female

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College Bi-degree
d. Post graduate
e. Technical school
    (Type)
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 1   Aug   1962


- page 4 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [redacted]
SIGNATURE: [redacted]
DATE: Aug. 1, 1960

"My husband is a college graduate and has been in service in a war. He was in combat during the Korean war. When we spotted this object we were watching T.V. My husband was on the porch outside and yelled the porch on the quick. We saw the object for [redacted] to come quickly across the sky until it was almost directly overhead. It seemed just about [redacted] and very close. It was burning and flickering to a great degree. It pulsated and seemed to get brighter, darker, brighter and darker (I said this to myself when I saw it). It always remained a brilliant red. It was stunned + glued to the spot. At this point I called the Ladue police to make a report. They said the County police already had a report from the County. I had not taken my eye off of the meantime. I had not taken my eye off of the object. It started to move higher in the


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 10

sky. It became much smaller - merely a small
red light. In the vicinity of the big
dapper it went out. Let me sit down. I am from the
We saw into the kitchen and saw the
time was 10:05 PM. We estimated we had
seen the object from ten to fifteen
minutes:

C... expected entirely ... of danger - to
... of ... near ... feet ... a ...

We called ... received ...
call Air Field ...

Teams ... by. Then let me to
him was written about an incident after passing by
him. We had been constantly on the phone ago. We
have ... of ... carry ... was ...

Miles.

P.S. ... ... ... ... ... ... ever seen
... and ... for it.

Note: Some parts of the text are illegible or partially obscured, so I have represented those with ellipses (...) to indicate missing or unreadable text.


- page 6 -

Here is the text I can see in the image:

90°
Zenith

225°
SW

270°

315°
NW

180°
S

135°
SE

90°
E

45°
NE

0°
N

9:59 PM


- page 7 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

not be able to get any
information from any other by

some including certain
sources or place or some reports
have an explanation matter
believe satellite has been
published. it was showing how
deeply form balloon and over
the line for a satellite.

Some position then so a
might so admitted that we are
at the explanation on increase
information cannot some personal
certainly at least put our model
draw and say "satellite" ~
"sight"

Thank you,

[Note: Some words are partially illegible or difficult to read with complete certainty due to the handwritten nature of the document. The bottom of the page has a black redaction/censorship mark.]


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

July 5, 1960

Encountered a very strange event
in the sky North of my St Louis
early home. A and object moving
with almost entirely concealed
turning slowly from NE to
N'll at low slightly and then
disappeared at last 3 PM near
with low off an delate light
with the strange occurrence
also noticed by many people last
night in St Louis clearly it
was well to see with a thing

Note: Some words are partially illegible or may have slight OCR inaccuracies due to the handwritten nature of the document.


- page 9 -

SA701-38/L Col Tacker/mab/72291

29 July 1960

Dear Mrs.

Your letter dated 20 July 1960 concerning an unidentified flying object and addressed to President Eisenhower has been referred to this office.

Your letter contains insufficient information for a valid conclusion. Therefore I am inclosing a U. S. Air Force questionnaire which should be filled out and sent to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio for their analysis and evaluation.

For your information I am inclosing the latest Department of Defense fact sheet which plainly states the Air Force's position regarding UFOs.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Col., USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

2 Inclosures
Fact Sheet
Questionnaire

Ladue 2, Missouri

Comeback 01-34
Reader 01-1


- page 10 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
20 July 1960
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 9 : 50 -+/- PM
                Hours   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Partially obscured text] St. Louis Missouri
City or Town           State or County

Additional remarks: Parking yard

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
16 to 15 Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain   b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure   d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky? Night - site not clear
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight   d. Just a trace of daylight
             b. Dull daylight     e. No trace of daylight
             c. Bright twilight    f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)


- page 11 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlights?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)? b. Several blocks away? c. A block away? d. Several yards away? e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other: nothing


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound: No sound
    b. Color: Burning bright red

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with multiple protrusions/arms, with an arrow pointing northwest]

18. The edges of this object were:
    (Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

    e. Other (write details): just seemed to be a lighter area in the sky. Seemed to flicker.

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? [Blank section]

[The document appears to be page 3 of a UFO sighting report form]


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

West                                                                                   East

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its largest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand
(Circle One):    a. Head of a pin
                 b. Pea
                 c. Dime
                 d. Nickel
                 e. Quarter
                 f. Half dollar

                 g. Silver dollar
                 h. Baseball
                 i. Grapefruit
                 j. Basketball
                 k. Other: ____________

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22)
     a. Certain
     b. Fairly certain
     c. Not very sure
     d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The rest of the text in Question 24 is partially illegible]


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other Over in lack space

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was watching T.V. It was set up in the corner of my eye that I noticed something bright red in the sky. I now noticed it then.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East         e. South        g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ________________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop or at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East         e. South        g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East         e. South        g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest
Straight over head, but light, near to West

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.


- page 15 -

