MEMORANDUM FOR: Office of the Scientific Advisor

SUBJECT: Final Report - Preview of Motion Picture "Unidentified Flying Objects."

1. Reference is made to memorandum from this office dated 21 May 1956, which was in the nature of a preliminary report on the UFO film shown privately, on 16 May 1956. A copy of the preliminary report is attached.

2. In view of the fact that the first report was hurriedly prepared in order to immediately provide the Directorate of Intelligence and FIO with some advance comments and analysis of the film, a second, more careful review of this film was subsequently made at a local theater. The exact sequence, dates and localities of the UFO sightings portrayed were recorded, providing this office with exact data upon which to make a better comparison with the facts and material in the UFO project files.

3. The following represent the general and specific comments of this office, as compared with those made on the preliminary report referenced in par. 1 above (in order of sightings shown):

a. General Comments: The general comments and opinions stated in the preliminary report, par. 2a. through 2d. are substantially correct.

b. Specific Comments and Conclusions of Each UFO Case, (in order shown):

(1) Kenneth Arnold Case (Mt. Renier, Wash.): This was the first UFO case in the U.S., and the one which, undoubtedly, triggered off the rest from that time on. It was not commented on in the preliminary report. The following is a technical analysis made of this case by Dr. Hynek on the basis of Dr. Arnold's own statements: a media made drawings of objects showing definite shape, and stated that objects seemed about 20 times as long as wide, estimating them as 45-50 feet long. He also estimated the distance as 20-25 miles and located them as going at miles in 10c seconds (1700 MEH). These statements are mutually contradictory: If the distance were corrected, then in order for details to be seen, objects must have been of the order of 100 x 2000 feet in size. If, we adopt a reasonable size - Arnold's own estimate, in fact, of 50 feet long, hence about 3 feet wide, the objects must have been closer than a mile, obviously contrary to his statement. If we add reasonable limiting size to the objects of 20 x 100 feet, objects must have been closer than six miles only. At this distance, angular speed observed corresponds to a maximum speed of 400 KFH. In all probability, therefore, objects were much closer than thought, and moving at definitely "sub-sonic" speeds. Note: Observational data taken from original Arnold files. There were no witnesses or other observers to this sighting.


- page 1 -

FILE CLASS:
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
OFFICE OF RECORD

8. Film will be shown in Bldg 167, Area B, in a projection room reserved for ATIC. The AMC auditorium was unavailable. A 35MM projector was required for this film.

9. It is presumed that you will attend. Possibly General Watson, Col Triksen or other members of ATIC which you feel should attend can be contacted by your office.

GEORGE T. GREGORY
Capt., USAF
Project Monitor

ATIC FORM 144 (REV 20 FEB 56)
ROUTING AND COORDINATION SHEET

2

(Bottom right corner has checkboxes for PERM, TEMP, 90 DAYS, and INITIAL)


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

VICTORY Comfortably Cool
NOW SHOWING
GARY COOPER
RUTH
DALLAS
DISTANT DRUMS

the birds and the bees
COLOR by TECHNICOLOR
REGINALD GARDINER-FRED CLARK
LAST TIMES TODAY
"JUBAL" CINEMASCOPE TECHNICOLOR

NOW! THE TRUTH ABOUT FLYING SAUCERS!

You'll see his "top secret" films
of them for the first time!

He "caught" them with his camera!

This plane crashed trying to catch them!

This radar screen "captured" them
over Washington, D.C.

He almost collided with one of them!

This jet fought a fantastic dogfight with one of them!

SEE IT ALL AS IT ACTUALLY HAPPENED!... and is still happening!

THE MOTION PICTURE SCOOP OF THE CENTURY!

UFO
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

STARTS TODAY
LOEW'S
DOORS OPEN 11:15 A.M.—MATINEE 50c—EVENING 75c

AND CO-FEATURE
VAN HEFLIN
"PATTERNS"
...OF POWER!


- page 3 -

DAYTON DAILY NEWS
24MAY 56

Dayton D. News
24 May 56

PAGE 28

Amusements
By GEE MITCHELL

'Patterns' And 'Diabolique' Merit
Attention Along With Cool Snap

YOU can't beat the weather for newspaper readership value or conversation material but at least two of the five new motion pictures that hit Dayton screens simultaneously Wednesday are worthy of note as the cool snap.

Out - balls hooded by its companion feature at Loew's, the screen version of Rod Serling's television repeater, Patterns, sort of sneaked in the back door. Its merits admittance at the front entrance.

Diabolique, the French chiller by Henri - Georges Clouzot, bowed on at the Art and measured up to its advance notices in every respect.

Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO) falls considerably short of being what it's cracked up to be.

UFO, in fact, has little to justify its existence unless you consider its "local angle" in that light. It purports to be a factual account of one man's association with flying saucers. The man in question is Al Chop, former Daily News staffer. There are frequent references to Dayton and to Wright-Patterson Air Force base and even one shot of the Daily News building.

So far, big business, however, lacks only the usual feature running time since it consumes less than an hour and a half. Padding it out to greater length could only reduce its punching power. As it stands it throws a hefty wallop.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

1. Al Chop (played by Tom Towers), appointed Press Chief, Air Material Command, discusses saucer reports as "unidentified flying objects" later, chop is transferred to the Pentagon, and assigned to "Project Blue Book".

2. Nicholle Mariana, daughter, to hear relatives officer, two UFO's he photographed on 16m color film over Great Falls, Montana.

3. Chop and top "Bluebook" staff view the Del. G. Newhouse (Tremonton, Utah) saucer film; Intelligence chief explains film, concludes: "Not enough, not solid, net total".

4. Chop awake to startling news, via morning headlines.

5. Chop and top Air Force brass watch UPC's maneuver on Washington radar scope.

6. "Bad Dog One" is surrounded by group of six UFO's on electronic radar screen.

* ("Unidentified Flying Objects" is a Green-House Production, courtesy United Artists Corp., of Del Neste Acr.)


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

PENTAGON SHOTS SHOWN

Flying Saucer Movie
To Be Released May 9

HOLLYWOOD, April 24.—(JP)— A movie made as a documentary-type story of the flying saucer controversy is scheduled for release May 9.

Producers Clarence Green and Russell Rouse said at a press preview yesterday that the film brings out "one indisputable fact, that flying saucers are here."

Hollywood Producers Preview
Movie Of Illusives "Saucers"
By BOB THOMAS
Associated Press Writer

HOLLYWOOD, April 23—What was described as official Pentagon clips of "unidentified flying objects" was previewed today and so-called flying saucers proved to be bright, white and highly illusive.

Producers Clarence Greene and Russell Rouse said their soon-to-be released film is the first full-scale movie treatment of unexplained air phenomena.

The real meat of the 80-minute movie is a few seconds of sketchy filming of bright objects against the blue sky. The producers declined to explain how the films were released to them.

Film clip No. 1 was taken by Nicholas Mariana, general manager of the Great Falls, Mont. baseball club, at the ballpark Aug. 15, 1950. The film shows two white and at the same distance from each other.

Film clip No. 2 was photographed by C. W. Newhouse, Navy chief photographer on the Utah desert July 2, 1952. It shows a dancing formation of from 7 to 16 white pictures, these appear to be in the shape of two inverted saucers.

However, Air Secretary Donald Quarles announced last October that an eight-year Air Force investigation of nearly 3000 sight, type reports "no evidence of the existence of the popularity termed flying saucers." The Air Force said all but 3 per cent were identified.

The 90-minute movie, "Unidentified Flying Objects," is pegged to what are described as official Pentagon film clips of unidentified objects in flight. The producers declined to say how the Pentagon shots were released to them.

CLIP NO. 1 was taken by Nicholas Mariana, general manager of the Great Falls, Mont. baseball club, at the ballpark Aug. 15, 1950. It shows two white spherical objects moving laterally and at the same distance from each other.

Clip No. 2 was photographed by Navy Chief Photographer Delbert C. Newhouse on the Utah desert July 2, 1962. It shows a dancing formation of from 7 to 16 white spots.

The picture says the Pentagon decided these objects were neither aircraft, balloons, nor birds and classified them officially as "unknown."

The movie centers on the story of Albert M. Chop who as a public information specialist was assigned to the flying saucer study by the Pentagon and the Air Materiel Command. The part of Chop is played by Tom Towers, aviation writer for the Los Angeles Examiner. Chop, now a public relations man at Douglas Aircraft Co. is a former Dayton Daily News staff writer.

[Partial text at bottom of page appears to be cut off, reading only "...mposer Acquitted"]


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

PAGE 14

Air Defense Command Forbids GOC Link with Film

An Air Defense Command order which banned Ground Observer Corps efforts to publicize a documentary UFO film has recently been revealed to NICAP. The ADC action followed a request by the 4674th Ground Observer Squadron, Miami, to use a GOC display in connection with the moving picture "Unidentified Flying Objects."

A copy of the order follows:

Headquarters
4674th GROUND OBSERVER SQUADRON
United States Air Force
Dobbins Air Force Base
Marietta, Georgia

O&T                                                                                  17 May 1957

SUBJECT:   United Artists Film "UFO"

TO:        Commander, All Detachments
            4674th Ground Observer Squadron

The following message from ADC is quoted for your information and guidance:

"ADHS 2573. Disapprove requests for GOC Display in connection with commercial film, pertaining to the controversial subject of flying saucers. Use of Display would involve the risk that Air Force could be considered as endorsing subject matter and authenticity of the filmed version of flying saucers."

BY ORDER OF THE COMMANDER:
                /s/ DONALD A. ZEINE, Major USAF
                        Adjutant

The official request to tie in the GOC program with the documentary United Artists film was made by Capt. William B. Walburn, USAF, Commander of Detachment 8, 4674th Squadron.

The ADC refusal seems to answer, once and for all, the question which NICAP members have frequently asked: Was the documentary film "Unidentified Flying Objects" produced with Air Force cooperation—or against its wishes?

From letters received, it appears that less than half of NICAP's members saw this moving picture, which includes the famous Tremonton, Utah film taken by Warrant Officer D. C. Newhouse, and the movie of two UFO's taken by Nick Mariana at Great Falls, Montana.

Even those who did see the picture may be unaware of the steps which led to public use of the Newhouse and Mariana shots.

The action for narrative purposes in the film is centered on Albert M. Chop, former Air Force public relations official who handled UFO information in the Pentagon, (Chop is now a NICAP Special Adviser); Cleared for secret reports, Chop learned of the officially analyzed Mariana film taken on August 15, 1950, which shows two silvery-looking discs flying over the Great Falls baseball park.

In 1952 Chop learned of the Newhouse film which shows a formation of UFO's maneuvering over Utah. Later Newhouse described the objects as resembling two pie pans, one inverted on top of the other.

The film was secretly analyzed for months, first by the Air Force then by the Navy. Conclusion: The UFO's were not conventional objects.

Al Chop also took part in the story that made headlines in July 1952 during the UFO sightings over Washington National Airport. With Major Dewey Fournet (now a member of NICAP's Board of Governors) he watched Control Center radar experts track a group of mysterious objects. Both he and Fournet also heard an AF jet pilot's tense radio report that the UFO's were closing in on him—an incident later related in the documentary film.

When Chop resigned in 1953 to take a public relations job with an aircraft firm, he and Captain Edward Ruppelt met in California with film producer Clarence Green and the idea of the movie "U.F.O." was born. By this time Ruppelt was on inactive duty and free, like Chop, to express his personal beliefs. Green, senior partner of Green-Rouse Productions, was strongly interested because he had seen a UFO a few years before.

Clarence Green persuaded Warrant Officer Chop and (Continued on Page 15)

Scene from United Artist release, "UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS." Left to right: Lt. Holden, Navy radar expert; Albert M. Chop, Air Force press official; Major Dewey Fournet, Pentagon Liaison Officer; and CAA Air Traffic Controller, Harry Barnes. Chop was portrayed in the film by Tom Towers, Aviation Editor of the Los Angeles Examiner, who has been interested in UFO's for some time and often writes on the subject in his columns. The other roles were played by actors.


- page 7 -

UFO FILM from Page 14

Newhouse and Nick Mariana to let their UFO films be used. Since the Air Force had publicly stated that the films were the personal property of these men, there was no violation of security, though the Air Force still refused to let the press and the public see the official copies.

Though Producer Green offered the Air Force full cooperation, the official analysis reports of the two films were not released to him. Some Air Force officers privately favored giving Green—and the public—all available evidence, but they were overruled.

After the documentary film was released the Air Force denied it had cleared, sponsored, or in any way coordinated any motion pictures on UFO's. The recent Air Defense Command action, cited at the start of this story, should end all conjecture that this was an official step toward "educating the public."

Despite this, the picture has performed a great service. Many former skeptics have reported their conviction as to the reality of UFO's after seeing this film. NICAP urges members who have not seen it to secure repeat runs at local theaters.

In several cases, UFO clubs or groups have arranged for special showings at low rates, usually at hours when theaters normally have small audiences.

We believe this factual revelation of UFO evidence will be well worth any special efforts required, for despite the lack of an Air Force blessing, this is an important step toward ending official secrecy.


- page 8 -

SECRET SAUCER MOVIES FINALLY TO BE SEEN BY PUBLIC: It was announced recently that Greene-Rouse Productions of Hollywood will release a full-length documentary movie on saucers some time in May. The documentary will contain two actual motion picture clips of saucers; one taken on July 2, 1952, by Warrant Officer Delbert C. Newhouse (the famous Tremonton film which reveals talks so much about "Flying Saucer from Outer Space"), and the other taken in Montana on August 15, 1950, by Nicholas Mariana. These films were kept from the public by the Air Force for a long time. Now that they are finally available, they should be of great interest to all people interested in the subject of saucers.


- page 9 -

MOVIE "UFO" REVEALS NEW EVIDENCE

Many readers have written suggesting I comment on the late movie, "UFO". While the movie is self-explanatory, the cause for wonderment lies in identifying its true sponsor. Most material used is "old hat" and known to most saucerers, but as we see it, it is not so much the vintage of the cases portrayed as it is the release of new evidence surrounding these cases, notably the Washington D.C. radar episode of 1952. Also of interest is the release of the Tremonton and Montana films, long suppressed from public review. But, no one seems willing to tell how such film was finally extracted from super secrecy, or how and why the facts were disclosed regarding the intelligent maneuver of UFO's in the Washington radar affair. Curious, the writer wrote to the Air Force Press Desk asking many questions. He got this laconic reply, dated June 5, 1958, from Major William Janes: "I am sorry that the Air Force is unable to comment on the movie 'UFO'. This movie was not submitted to the Air Force prior to release."

Just as simple as that! But upon seeing the Tremonton film, I find the official explanation for that film not so simple. A letter received from Captain R. C. White, OPI, dated Nov. 17, 1958 read: "No definite analysis of the Tremonton film has ever been made and it is considered as an unknown. However, we think the tiny specks represent migratory birds. It is doubtful that any conclusive determination will ever be made since there is so little to go on."

Those who saw the film should be able to determine for themselves if the specks were birds. According to Capt. Rappel's late book, the photographer, Delbert Newhouse, says they were not and CRIFO concurs.


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

CHRISTIAN SCIENCE MONITOR
1 MAY 1956

TUESDAY, MAY 1, 1956     Records—Radio—TV

Flying Saucers' and the Papagos
'Objects' and Indians in Previewed Films
Hollywood Letter
By Richard Dyer MacCann
Hollywood

Within two days I have seen previews of two new films which will show the wide range of subject matter that can be brought to documentary cover—and the wide variety of public impact. The documentaries are "Unidentified Flying Objects" (81 minutes) at a Hollywood screening, and "Papagos" (30 minutes) at another screening. If it tells a somewhat specialized story, it does so with a quiet, almost scientific approach.

It will almost certainly stir up the type of public curiosity that always follows the UFO (Unidentified Flying Object) story. It was made in May 9 in Los Angeles, and probably will pick up steam rapidly.

"Papagos", on the other hand, is a quiet little short subject about the history and study of the Papago Indians in the present. It has a documentary quality in contrast to the usual slam-bang and even sometimes exploitative film and treatment of it. But it raises no public problems of wide interest.

The availability of two motion-picture records of flying saucers—one from the Air Force files of reported observations which have not yet been explained, and the other a natural phenomenon—is the basis of the documentary.

The rest of his story is a dramatization of Mr. Greene's experience to his final knowledge of something to be investigated. The film is built to his particular point of view.

Part of the story is the recollection of an Air Force interceptor pilot who could have shot down a UFO over Washington, D.C., on July 29, 1952. An early interceptor, he was informed, and his recollection is that it was all caused by radar.

Until the completed film was shown in Hollywood, Mr. Greene managed to keep his operations at the Pentagon informed that he was making a film about the silence.

Hollywood, Mr. Greene maintains, is an observer, without benefit of private radar. All he can say is that when he saw it on the screen it looked pretty convincing. When one of the top officers of the Air Force saw it, he said it looked solid.

Yet I can't help recalling certain remarkable explanatory scenes about the Papago Indians (produced by an anthropological priest who is also a film critic). This literary priest is seen walking through a field and into the covered wagons come.

The two color films were analyzed for many days at the Pentagon. It was agreed, according to the film's technical advisers, that the objects not birds, balloons, or aircraft were put into the category of "faked". They were put in this category for some reason, the film does not explain.

The film includes interviews (three times), and a repeated then with the Truth Company of Los Angeles.

In only two remote villages can a Papago dance really be seen today. The women carry symbolic birds on their heads. These are outfitted, nevertheless, in realistic modern garb; here and there a few traditional touches are added.

Perhaps some day for our edification friends from a far-off planet will send us well-prepared documentaries about their trips.

Note: There are some handwritten notes on the side of the document that are partially illegible.


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

THE [illegible header]

U-I EXPERIMENTING WITH
NEWSPAPER AD PROGRAM
More Space Set
For Weekends

Universal - International has begun
what David Lipton, v.p. term is a
radical departure from established advertising patterns. The news space in
Los Angeles, New Orleans and several
smaller cities throughout the country will be used to test the new format
in the timing of the largest sized advertising.

Instead of gearing campaigns on
pictures so that all the large ads appear on Sunday, the new approach
calls for at least one of the major sized ads to appear on the
Friday or Saturday immediately following the mid-week opening.

According to Lipton, the experiment
was prompted by noticeable differences in the weekend performances of certain pictures that have particularly high appeal to the youth market. These films, appealing to this youth-family trade, in some instances, received as high as 50 percent of their take on weekends. On the other hand, the so-called "workhorse" pictures are not getting the special weekend boost expected.

The U-I executive said that it will
too early to draw any definite conclusions as to consistent boxoffice results, and he emphasized that the experiment is being conducted with the cooperation of the theatres involved.

U-I Global Meet
(Continued from Page 1)

Lipton, v.p. Attending from the U-I
foreign department in New York will
be Ben M. Cohn, assistant foreign manager; Joseph Blumenstock, foreign
publicity director; Joe Weil, Continental advertising and Irving Weiss, manager of the service department.

Also attending are Norman Gluck, v-p of United World Films, Charles Simonelli, eastern advertising and publicity department manager; Clark Ramsey, exploitation manager; Jack Diamond, studio publicity director; William Gordon, production code administrator; Louis Blaine, head of the foreign branch of the studio publicity department, and Irving Rubin, head of foreign transportation.

Heading the overseas delegates are
K. N. Hargreaves, joint assistant manager, director of JARFID, U-I's distribution arm; A. W. Perry, president of Empire United Films; J-I distributor manager; John McIntyre, Australasian supervisor; Al Spiers, Continental supervisor; Al Doyle, Far Eastern supervisor.

TRAVEL-LOG
American Airliners: Alfred Hitchcock from NY yesterday; Edgar Bergen to NY last night; Rod Steiger to Paris today.

William Nutt, RKO story editor, has returned from 10 days of conferences in New York with Don Moore, eastern story editor.

Joan Fontaine, who finished in "Beloved Infidel," leaves for director Fritz Lang yesterday; plans to NY with husband Collier Young today for two weeks.

Marion Jordan, Continental sales manager, and John Marshall, Middle European sales manager, supervise South American tour.

Pardo, Argentina manager; Reg Perry, Adelaide, Australia branch manager; Joseph Denis, Belgium manager; Rudi Catschalk, Brazil manager; O. S. Malhotra, India manager; Raul Schimmel, Chile manager; Ramon Garcia, Cuba manager; K. E. Jorgensen, Denmark manager; Jose Gonzalez, Dominican Republic manager; Francisco Pons, Puerto Rico manager; Bernard Makela, U-I distributor in Finland; Charles Zue, France manager; Bernard Goldman, France, North American sales manager; Jack Scherer, Germany sales manager; Douglas Granville, U-I home office manager, Great Britain; V. Michaelidis, Greece; Ginam Lao, Hong Kong manager; Geoffrey Borel, India manager; David Mallah, U-I distributor, Israel; Emanuel Zama, Italy sales manager; Oscar Nasini, Italy sales manager; Rodolfo Bocchi, Italy assistant manager; G. Nakatani, Japan manager; Cesar Aboud, Mexico manager; B. F. Schimmel, Netherlands manager; S. Sayers, United Kingdom manager; Alejandro Urdinola, Panama manager; Maurice Casey, Philippines manager; J. R. Beja, co-manager of Department, U-I distributor in Portugal; Wally Orr, Singapore manager.

H. D. HOVER
presents

MAURICE
CHEVALIER
In His First and
Only Los Angeles
Appearance

Casa
8488 SUNSET BLVD.
Hollywood 2-7211

Coffee, Bloom Get
'Cash' Assignment
Lenore Coffee has been signed to
write the screenplay for "Cash Assignment" it was announced yesterday by William Dozier, RKO v.p.

Dozier further revealed that he has
assigned William Bloom as producer. Bloom also has RKO's recently announced Space Satellite assignment.

Thomas in London For
Next Cinerama Film
New York - Lowell Thomas is now
in London preparing for production of
the fourth Cinerama adventure spectacular, "South Seas Adventure." The
Equipment and the Cinerama crew are
being flown to New Delhi, India, where
the expedition will begin a trek through
country which has been called the
"Roof of the World."

Para. Gets a Countess
Countess Jacqueline de Cadenet,
London-born blonde who recently discovered in Paris, has been signed by Paramount for an important supporting role with Audrey Hepburn
and Fred Astaire in the VistaVision
musical "Funny Face."

Stephen to 'Wimple'
Comedian Danny Thomas is set for
several British films, makes his debut
in an American film in MGM's "The
Ballard on 'The King'"

Lucien Ballard has been signed by
Russ-Field Productions as cinematographer for the Clark Gable starrer,
"The King and Four Queens."

Black Set for Two
Tom Black is set to play two important roles in the new "Texas Ranger," TV series.

Enrique Aguilar, Spain manager; Karl Jungmarker, Sweden manager; Charles Ochner, Switzerland manager; Lois de Rochemont, France manager; Morris Palevsky, U-I home office representative in Uruguay, and Orlando Calvo, Venezuela manager.

GALA
OPENING
TONIGHT

MGM Play
(Continued from Page 4)

work closely with Loew
and M. Dietz in the
might also utilize MGM
salary assignments while
means.

The Phillips appoints
in a row by MGM rep
Silverstein having been
the agent for some time
for that Barry Wood's
the TV division.

[There is also an advertisement for "Don the Beachcomber" restaurant in Hollywood - Palm Springs]


- page 12 -

FOR THE FIRST TIME!
THE
TRUTH
ABOUT
FLYING
SAUCERS!

YOU WILL SEE THEM
WITH YOUR OWN EYES!
Actual color film of the
Unidentified Flying Objects
that have been "top secret"
until now!

THE MOTION PICTURE SCOOP OF THE CENTURY!

UFO
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
Clarence Greene and Russell Rouse present

Written by FRANCIS MARTIN • Produced by CLARENCE GREENE • Directed by WINSTON JONES
Released thru United Artists • With the people who actually lived the story of the U.F.O.

STARTS
TOMORROW

LOEW'S
AND CO-FEATURE "PATTERNS"

LAST DAY
"ALEXANDER THE GREAT"
Cinema Scope

VAN HEFLIN
EVERETT SLOANE


- page 13 -

NOW! THE TRUTH ABOUT FLYING SAUCERS!

You'll see the "top secret" films of them for the first time!

He "caught" them with his camera!

This plane crashed trying to catch them!

This radar screen "captured" one near Washington, D.C.

He almost collided with one of them!

The jet fought a fantastic dogfight with one of them!

SEE IT ALL AS IT ACTUALLY HAPPENED!...and is still happening!

THE MOTION PICTURE SCOOP OF THE CENTURY!

UFO
U NIDENTIFIED F LYING O BJECTS

CLARENCE GREENE and RUSSELL ROUSE present

STARTS TODAY
LOEW'S
DOORS OPEN 11:15 A.M.—MATINEE 50c—EVENING 75c

VAN HEFLIN
AND CO-FEATURE "PATTERNS"
...OF POWER


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the newspaper article:

HERALD, DAYTON, OHIO, WEDNESDAY, MAY 23, 1956

Flying Saucer Problem
Reviewed In New Film

The subject of flying saucers is reviewed in an alleged documentary movie, "Unidentified Flying Objects," that is just as controversial as the mysterious objects it attempts to cover.

The movie opens today at Loew's theater, and it is particularly interesting because a former Daytonian, Al Chop, is the central character.

Chop worked as a reporter for The Dayton Daily News and for Acme Aluminum Alloys in public relations before getting a job at Wright-Patterson Air Force base in Washington, and later in the Pentagon at Washington and the picture contends he was devoted much of his time to writing about and handling news releases on flying objects.

The man who plays Chop, Tom Edwards, now with an aircraft company, attracted no much attention when it was shown on TV the first time within the last three weeks.

Another key figure is Capt. Edward J. Ruppelt, now with an aircraft company, reportedly in charge of the investigation project at the field during Chop's time.

The picture covers the subject in documentary fashion, although it does not have the blessing of the Air Force.

Through the eyes of Chop the movie viewers witness interviews of persons who allegedly sighted distant saucers are shown for the first time.

Particularly suspenseful are the scenes taken in the Fort Knox region, where a radar tracking group following a group of unidentified objects being chased by pilots, one of whom is killed, and a number of other incidents are shown on the radar screen as they fly over the city.

In an effort to substantiate the reports of flying saucers, the picture makes no effort to show closeups of flying saucers. It admits a great majority of the reports of saucers have been explained, that only a few objects remain unidentified.

The picture does provide some moments, and provoke no thoughts as well as some criticism, particularly in this ter when...

[Note: The last line appears to be cut off]


- page 15 -

MEMORANDUM FOR: The Scientific Advisor

SUBJECT: Report on Preview of Motion Picture "Unidentified Flying Objects"

21 May 1956

1. Through the personal assistance of Col. Cross, Chief, Office of Information Services, ANG, an advance copy of the film "Unidentified Flying Objects" was previewed by pertinent members of ATIC on Friday, 16 May 1956, in Big Spring, Midland, Wichita Falls, and Patterson Air Force Base.

2. The following represent the general comments and opinions with regard to the film previewed:

a. The film, purporting to be factual and documentary, appears to over dramatize each case sighting, and, by padding, makes a brief documentary into a full-length feature.

b. The film strives, through its showing, to maintain the impression that an unknown menace or super-intelligent being, alien to this world, is constantly in the background.

c. The case sightings and the individuals portrayed (the acting was very amateurish for a Hollywood production) was factual to a certain extent. However, the conclusions, specific or implied, are those of the producer's and not those of Air Force.

d. In each instance of the portrayal of a case, the film dramatically, and with great suspense, presents the incident and circumstances surrounding the sighting, then abruptly drops the matter. This is, of course, the desired effect, calculated to let the viewer form his own (influenced) conclusions.

3. The following represent the specific comments or conclusions with reference to each case portrayed by the film, as supported by official material or data:

a. Great Falls (Marianna Case): We do not agree with the films conclusion "not aircraft, not balloons, not birds." An entirely able and well-detailed analysis performed by the scientific laboratory of one of America's largest aircraft companies, indicated, in conclusion, that, "aircraft reflections might possibly look like the image on the film." Supporting photos from the same analyses also indicate that an aircraft 100 feet in length, when observed from 10 to 12 miles looked exactly like the individual "white blops" shown. The absence of sound cannot be construed that the object is not an aircraft. As any personal experience will show, an aircraft may often be observed at some distance, yet no sound may be heard.

NOTE: Ruppelt, Chop and Fournet were portrayed by actors, but were mentioned in the credits as Technical Advisors to the Producer. General Garland was represented by an actor, but not named. General Samford's news reel was dubbed in. W/O Newhouse, USN and Mr. Marianna played themselves.


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

other than that both appeared to be wingless and somewhat cylindrical. This
case is classed as an "unknown" by virtue of the high credibility given to
observer's of this type.

f. Washington Radar Sighting:

(1) In the Department of Defense "Minutes of Press Conference Held by
Major General John A. Samford", 29 July 1952, copy in file at
both ATIC and FTD, it was explained to the press that these
sightings (pages 5 through 17) may have been the result
of a combination of factors: temperature inversions, moisture
lapses, and atmospheric conditions which bend radar rays in
such a manner that ground targets become visible
on the radar screen, in a random manner from one antenna
rear to the next, thus allowing some misinterpretation
that these stationary targets were moving.

(2) It should be emphasized that no photos or motion pictures
were ever made of the radar screen as shown in the motion
picture.

(3) The attempt to represent the blips as possible interplanetary
space ships, gleefully playing "tag" with our jet aircraft
over Washington, undoubtedly will produce the desired
dramatic mood and suspense. However, the incident over the
radar scope was unscientific and not supported by fact, nor the
conclusions of the Air Force.

g. Sperry Case: This office has no file on this particular case,
regarding an observer, an airborne pilot.

[Signed]
GEORGE T. GREGORY
Captain, USAF
Project Monitor - UFO

COORDINATION: (In turn)

[Signatures of several military personnel including:]
M/Sgt. G. D. Hill, AFOIN-184
Major Robert M. Buckmaster, Chief, Photographic Branch
Major William F. Wilmer, Chief, Photo Analysis Branch
Mr. Roy L. James, Actg Chief, Electronics Division


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

b. Tremonton (Newhouse Case):

(1) We do not agree with the film's conclusion "not aircraft, not balloons, not birds." A comparative analysis was made of a copy from the original film strip, and that shown by Green-Rouse by Major Willner and Major Buchmaster, ATIC photo specialists. The original film shows the presence of sea gulls on a number of frames. This is not shown in the Hollywood version.

() Further, it is not necessary to state that a particular species can pull are prominent. In certain parts of Utah. It should be pointed out that the Utah species is almost pure-white in color, in contrast to its smoky or grey-marked sea-coast cousin.

(3) In the opinion of ATIC photo specialists, any under exposure of these sea gulls against a high-lighted sky would tend to "wash out" details of the body and wing outline of the gulls, giving them a white circular appearance at a distance. (Officer Newhouse openly admitted in the film that he under exposed his "shots".)

(4) This is confirmed by the original analysis in our files, made in early 1953 by the Photo Reconnaissance Laboratory, WADC. These reports were not shown to Majors Willner and Buckmaster. For review until after their analyses (items 1, 2, and 3 above) were completed.

c. Mantell Case: Conclusions of the Air Force are that Capt. Mantell was apparently trying to intercept a fast riding "Sky Hook" balloon. The "Sky Hook" project was known only to few people at that time, including weather balloons "Sky Hook" balloons were huge (100 feet in diameter), coinciding with Capt. Mantell's statement, that "it was tremendous in size!" Capt. Ruppelt confirms the fact that it was a balloon in his book "Report on UFOs", page 60, 3rd paragraph.

d. Fargo Case: Our files indicate that this was undoubtedly an erratic moving balloon, which Lt. Gorman encountered. Capt. Ruppelt also confirms this in his book, page 67, top.

e. Airline Pilots Case: As portrayed on the screen this is an apparent attempt to document the "Chiles-Whitted Case". If so, our comment: A description of the UFO alleged to have been closely observed by each of these veteran Eastern airlines pilots will be found in page 64 of the Project Bluebook Report Nr. 14 "Analysis of Unidentified Flying Objects". Although both observers were sitting next to each other and observed the same object together, the sketch made by each pilot separately cannot be said to be similar.

2


- page 18 -

MEMORANDUM FOR: Office of the Scientific Advisor

SUBJECT: Final Report - Preview of Motion Picture "Unidentified Flying Objects."

1. Reference is made to memorandum from this office dated 21 May 1956, which was in the nature of a preliminary report on the UFO film shown privately, on 16 May 1956. A copy of the preliminary report is attached.

2. In view of the fact that the first report was hurriedly prepared in order to immediately provide the Directorate of Intelligence and FIO with some advance comments and analysis of the film, a second, more careful review of this film was subsequently made at a local theater. The exact sequence, dates and localities of the UFO sightings portrayed were recorded, providing this office with exact data upon which to make a better comparison with the facts and material in the UFO project files.

3. The following represent the general and specific comments of this office, as compared with those made on the preliminary report referenced in par. 1 above (in order of sightings shown):

a. General Comments: The general comments and opinions stated in the preliminary report, par. 2a. through 2d. are substantially correct.

b. Specific Comments and Conclusions of Each UFO Case, (in order shown):

(1) Kenneth Arnold Case (Mt. Renier, Wash.): This was the first UFO case in the U.S., and the one which, undoubtedly, triggered off the rest from that time on. It was not commented on in the preliminary report. The following is a technical analysis made of this case by Dr. Hynek on the basis of Dr. Arnold's own statements: a media made drawings of objects showing definite shape, and stated that objects seemed about 20 times as long as wide, estimating them as 45-50 feet long. He also estimated the distance as 20-25 miles and located them as going at miles in 10c seconds (1700 MEH). These statements are mutually contradictory: If the distance were corrected, then in order for details to be seen, objects must have been of the order of 100 x 2000 feet in size. If, we adopt a reasonable size - Arnold's own estimate, in fact, of 50 feet long, hence about 3 feet wide, the objects must have been closer than a mile, obviously contrary to his statement. If we add reasonable limiting size to the objects of 20 x 100 feet, objects must have been closer than six miles only. At this distance, angular speed observed corresponds to a maximum speed of 400 KFH. In all probability, therefore, objects were much closer than thought, and moving at definitely "sub-sonic" speeds. Note: Observational data taken from original Arnold files. There were no witnesses or other observers to this sighting.


- page 19 -

Memo for OSA, subj: Final Report - Preview of Motion Picture
"Unidentified Flying Objects." (Cont.)

(2) Mantell Case (Godman Field, Ky.): This office maintains the comments made on the preliminary report, par. 3c.

(3) Sperry Case (Wash. D.C.): This office does not have this case on file. UFO record files were reorganized and records disposition action was undoubtedly taken many times since 1947. It is also possible that the case was not formally or officially submitted to ATIC. Investigative or analytical action on UFO cases is not initiated merely by a report or mention of the sighting in a newspaper or magazine. The undersigned project officer has found a magazine article except of the case; however, a detailed search of records did not disclose any material on this case.

(4) Sioux City Case (Iowa): This was erroneously commented upon as resembling the "Chilhowlighted" case (Sec. 3e. of preliminary report). After a second review of the motion picture version, it has been determined that the UFO sighting made by two airline pilots, Vinther and Bachmeier, after their take-off from the Sioux City airport was on the night of 20 January 1951. The "Chilhes-Whitted" and "Vinther-Bachmeier" cases resemble each other. Both airline pilot crews observed "a long, slender cigar shaped object." In the Sioux City sighting, the object was described as "one-half times the size of a B-29 fuselage, lights similar to running lights being blinked - and a bright light similar to a landing light visible for a short period." Our comments on the bars of UFO records: The description appears to describe a B-36 as seen from another aircraft at night. It could have been a B-36, slightly off course, orbiting over the airport, making a visual check in the vicinity for training purposes, or other similar reasons. It was determined by ATIC that at that time (1951) SAC did not maintain records of their training flights within the ZI.

(5) Goddard Case (Atlanta, Georgia): Briefly mentioned in the UFO film. No record of this particular sighting (by name or locality) in our files. No date of sighting was given in the film.

(6) Marianna Case (Great Falls, Mont.): The conclusions made in the preliminary report are substantially correct. The following is a final conclusion derived by Dr. Hynek and undersigned, and verbally transmitted to your office from Ohio State University on the evening of 29 May 1956, per your request: In 1950, after an ATIC interrogation of witnesses and evaluation of data, and our opinion at that time was that the UFO's apparently were two F-94 aircraft. In support of this contention, a few weeks ago an extremely

2.


- page 20 -

Memo for OSA, subj: Final Report - Preview of Motion Picture "Unidentified Flying Objects" (Cont)

able and very detailed analysis was made by a private laboratory of the film strip in question. Their conclusions, in part, were that, "photographs of the UFO's indicate that airplane reflections might possibly look like the images shown on the film. The fact that the images do fade is reminiscent of airplane reflections." Also, strong conservative evidence is given by simulated photographs of aircraft at various distances made by this laboratory which show that aircraft can look similar to the two white blips shown on the Montana films. There is, therefore, no compelling reason to alter our original evaluation, analysis of Mariana Case as attached in files and signed by Dr. J. A. Hynek and undersigned.

(7) Newhouse Case (Tremonton, Utah): The conclusions made in the preliminary report are substantially correct. The following is a final conclusion derived by Dr. Hynek and undersigned, and verbally transmitted to your office from Ohio State University on the evening of 29 May 1956, per your request:

Movies were studied by Photo Reconnaissance Laboratory (ARDC) in 1952, shortly after sighting took place. Their considered opinion was that there was a strong possibility that these were sea gulls soaring thermal air currents, and appearing as bright spots of light similar to those shown in the movie. Our files show that this report was counter-signed by Capt. Ruppelt. Also, our original evaluation was based, in part, on movies of sea gulls taken at various distances which showed that the sea gulls appeared similar to the objects in the film. This film was shown by Capt. Ruppelt, a multiple UFO case, in Washington which was also attended by Dr. Hynek.

Further, a critical analysis made a few days ago of this film strip by ATIC photo specialists, without their knowledge of the original evaluation, resulted in the same opinion, i.e., that these were sea gulls. It should also be pointed out that in our copy of the original film, sea gulls appeared in a number of frames. This, however, is not shown in the Hollywood version of the film. Therefore, there is in this case also no compelling reason to change our original opinions.

(8) Fargo Case (Lt. Gorman, N.D.): This office maintains the comments made on the preliminary report, par. 3d.

(9) Washington Radar Sightings (20 July 1952, 26 July 1952): This office maintains the comments made on the preliminary report, par. 3f.

1 Incl:
Cy. Memo, dtd 26 May 1956

GEORGE T. GREGORY
Captain, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Group


- page 21 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

1 June 1956

MEMORANDUM FOR DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE
Attn: Lt Colonel T. R. Johnson, AFOIN-X

SUBJECT: (Uncld) UFO Movie

1. The following statements concerning two of the UFO sightings described in the recently released movie, are submitted in response to Mr. Monts' request of 29 May 1956.

a. The Marianna Case - Montana - 1950. The original Air Force conclusion, based on the interrogation of witnesses and the evaluation of the data, was that the UFOs were, in all probability, two Air Force F-94 fighter aircraft known to be in the vicinity at the time.

Simulated photographs of aircraft at various distances, made by an aircraft manufacturing firm in a recent independent and unsolicited analysis of the Marianna film, show striking similarity to the two white blops in this film.

Based on the degree of credibility accorded this early ATIC evaluation and the strong corroborative evidence supplied by the recent independent analysis, the Air Force has no compelling reason to alter its original conclusion.

b. The Newhouse Case - Utah - 1952. The original film was analyzed by an Air Force Photo Reconnaissance Laboratory shortly after the sighting. The conclusion reached was that a strong possibility existed that the bright spots of light appearing on the film were caused by seagulls soaring in thermal air currents. The credibility of the conclusion was undoubtedly supported by the presence of identifiable seagulls in some of the frames.

This conclusion was further strengthened by movies of seagulls, taken at various distances, which showed them as bright spots of light similar to those in the Newhouse film.


- page 22 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

THE UNITED WORLD

ERED' CAPTIVATING FILM;
ECTS' TOP-RATE PICTURE
t - Brooks        Play Review
TERED AFFAIR"    CATHAY CIRCLE THEATRE
    Sam Zimbalist   "White Siege of the Family"
    Richard Brooks   Cedric Worth's "Unidentified Flying
    Core Vidal      Objects" is a provocative and stimu-
    Buddy Ebsen     lating theatre piece at the Pasadena
    John Alton      Playhouse little theatre.
    Cedric Gibbons, Paul
    Edwin B. Wills, Hugh   It was bright and tricky as a gentleman
                   ought and that he met of the cast
    Andre Previn    La Plante and Paul Stickles, fought
    Dr. Wesley G. Miller  tenaciously with a poor story. This
    Stuart Whitmore, Ernest Borginine,   was particularly true of Danny Kaye in a
    Barry Fitzgerald, Rod   two-week tryout before the theatre's
    Steiger, Millard Mitchell,   regular season.
    Carol Veszie, Joan   Lesser parts were filled with a cute
    Tetlow, Jay Adler, Dan   performance by Wallace Acton and a
    Seymour, Augusta Marighi   dimmed by the frame blame the
    — 24 minutes)    direct situation comedy on writers

    Richard Brooks with a    Lesser parts were filled with a cute
    compassionate and warm   performance by Wallace Acton and a
    human story of a man and   dimmed by the frame blame the
    his film stars Academy    Danny Fitzgerald.
    Award winning "Tered     "White Siege of the Family" is not
    Affair" proves that there   realistic for green or for the screen
    is should be enough to    — Lee Guild.
    able for the screenplay
    to overcome the obvious
    sympathy after the
    y comes people; his
    Jr. and his warm sym-
    ithies in their daily lives.
    he were captivated by
    a kind much to laugh at   Charles Mercer for filming case very
    and to weep with an ex-   Rachel Cade" will appear shortly as
    hibitor may find yet   a serial in the Woman's Home Com-
    to catch his customers,   panion prior to its publication an a
    the picture has many    serial basis. It will be done by
    splendors of Grace   Sons. It will also be the Literary Guild
    Blyth's and the se-   selection for October.
    rene performance of
    man, the public takes
    at in how elaborate
    is the "Tered Affair"   Four Star producer Warren Lewis
    and who a honey-   will start production soon on "Hall
    bee.                   Out," episode for "Hall of Stars"
    Ted Tetzlaff, who di-   Stage. The toping cast includes
    rected "Tered Affair"   Curt and Arlene Jurgens, Lois
    is not black and white   Neville and Ted de Corsia are featured
    with the Leon Uris type   in the Leon Ware teleplay directed by
    of daughter (portrayed   Leslie Benedict.
    by Dawn Addams) who
    saves her father (Clar-   Motivations are not black and white
    ence Greene) from a kill-   with the Leon Uris type of daughter
    er who has saved all   etic yearning to "do something" for
    a SOOO that will buy   a child she may have neglected. The
    his daughter (portrayed   proud determination to put a glamor
    by Dawn Addams) and   and capstone on a harrowing marriage
    escape from a killer   was the dramatic highlight of the pic-
    ylor) and the sensible   tures and is a time, it seems they
    desires a simple church   will come to a pinch-penny woman when
    going wife who in due   she at last starts to spend. She walks
    time, it seems they   with every platitude having an
    will.                  undercurrent of humor and hearache
    Dramatically, in-be-   that makes the story common and true
    he girl's mother (Bette   to life.
    at she has been patton-   The unilladed may feel that she fol-
    mines that the function   lows Borginine, but she doesn't. His under-
    of a mother (Garlded   playing is excellent and his rage never
    on the screen) is a mat-   goes out of bounds. He is the essence
    ter of grandeur. (Barry   of a happy ending. Sanity is restored
    lets the project become   when the daughter puts her foot down
    a little too pat and neat   and says "no" to the killer who has
    in her husband's savings   destroyed. There is a great and mov-
    im into debt.) For long   ingly funny scene of climax when
    stretches the film is   Borginine, looking like a Denver,
    static, this probably   sacrifices her dream for his
    I love her and you want   (Continued on Page 6)

'Oklahoma!' to Be
Roadshowed Abroad
    New York — "Oklahoma!" in Todd-
AO will be opened as a roadshow at-
traction in Paris, Berlin, Rome, Milan
and Dusseldorf, it was announced yes-
terday by George Skouras, president of Magna Theatres Corp.
on his return from a three-week trip
abroad. "Oklahoma!" will be shown in
Todd-AO, the wide-screen process, as a
result of the perfection of the Todd-
AO special printer, the all-purpose
projector and all-purpose adjustable
screen at greatly reduced cost. Some
of the Todd-AO theatres will gross 50
percent. The Todd-AO all-purpose pro-
jector has now been reduced to $7,500
and the Todd-AO all-purpose adjust-
able screen is now $2,700.

    The new camera pose camera developed for simultane-
ous photography of curved and flat
pictures. This camera, used for the
first time in Mike Todd's "Around the
World in 80 Days," can be switched from a single negative a Todd-AO
curved and a flat version can be obtained. It will be used for Todd-AO
CinemaScope and standard print for
projection.

'Old Man and the Sea'
Into Production Today
    Havana — "The Old Man and the
Sea," dramatized of Ernest Hemingway's famous novel, goes into action here today after more
than a year of preparation. It is a
Paramount production in color, starring Spencer Tracy and directed by Fred Zimmemann.
    The film will be shot on a three-month location schedule in Cuba,
with most scenes to be filmed at the
fishing harbor of Cojimar, where Hemingway originally based the story of
"The Old Man and the Sea" near Boca de laruca and Santa Maria, outside Havana.

McGuire Checks In
    Don McGuire has checked in at
Paramount to write the screenplay
coming comedy starring Dean Martin
and Jerry Lewis. Based on an original
story by McGuire, the film is as yet
untitled, concerns a policeman who
devotes his life to combating juvenile
delinquency. Scheduled to start in October, the comedy will be a Paramount production.

Lollobrigida Will Sing
    Paris — Gina Lollobrigida and Raymond Hakim yesterday signed George
Auric, one of France's top song writers,
to write the lyrics for "Notre Dame de
Paris," which will star Gina Lollobrigida and Anthony Quinn.

Keim Returns to Graduate
    Betty Lou Keim, her role with James
Cagney, Barbara Stanwyck and Walter
Matthau in "Middle of the Night" now
find Him! completed, returns to New
York to graduate from high school.
Actress is a student at Lodge
Tutoring School in New York City.


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

NX91

WASHINGTON, MAY (UP)--HOLLYWOOD PRODUCER CLARENCE GREENE DROPPED INTO TOWN WITH A FILM PURPORTING TO SHOW FLYING SAUCERS IN THE SKY.

GREENE WAS UNABLE TO PERSUADE THE DEFENSE DEPARTMENT TO SEND A REPRESENTATIVE TO VIEW THE PICTURE ENTITLED "UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS." THE DEPARTMENT HAS CONCLUDED AFTER A THOROUGH INVESTIGATIONS THAT FLYING SAUCERS DO NOT EXIST.

GREENE ALSO TRIED, TO NO AVAIL, TO CONTACT SEN. RICHARD B. RUSSELL (D-GA.) ABOUT A REPORT THAT HE SAID UNKNOWN OBJECTS IN THE SKY IN EUROPE SEVERAL YEARS AGO.

THE MOVIE, WHICH PURPORTS TO BE FACTUAL, IS BASED ON TWO SHOTS OF THE ALLIED SAUCER AND STATEMENTS BY PERSONS WHO CLAIM TO HAVE EITHER OBSERVED THEM IN THE AIR OR ON RADAR SCOPES.

GREENE SAID THE SHOTS OF THE SAUCES WERE OBTAINED FROM THE AIR FORCE WHICH REPORTEDLY DECLASSIFIED THEM. HE SAID THEY WERE MADE BY NICHOLAS MARIANA, A MONTANA BUS INSPECTOR, AND NAVAL CHIEF PHOTOGRAPHER DELBERT NEWHOUSE IN MONTANA AND UTAH TWO YEARS APART.

GREENE SAID OFFICIAL GOVERNMENT SOURCES HAD VIEWED THE FILMS AND CONCLUDED THEY DEPICTED UNIDENTIFIABLE FLYING OBJECTS.

MANY OF THE CHARACTERS IN THE FILM PORTRAY THEMSELVES AND GREENE CONTENDS THAT EVERY FACT IN IT IS DOCUMENTED.

HE SAID HE HAD ABOUT $1 MILLION INVESTED IN THE PICTURE AND ADMITTED HE WAS OUT TO SELL THE FILM, BUT HE ALSO WANTS TO PROVE THAT THERE IS SOMETHING TO THE FLYING SAUCER REPORTS. HE SAID HE HAD SEEN ONE HIMSELF.

.K0156A3/29

"Secretly" declassified???


- page 24 -

FILE CLASS: OFFICIAL FILE COPY
21 May 1956 OFFICE OF RECORD

MEMORANDUM FOR: The Scientific Advisor

SUBJECT: Report on Preview of Motion Picture "Unidentified Flying Objects"

1. Through the personal assistance of Col. Cross, Chief, Office of Information Services, AMC, an advance copy of the film "Unidentified Flying Objects" was reviewed by personnel members of ATIC on Friday, May 1956, in Bldg 167, Area B, Wright Patterson Air Force Base.

2. The following represent the general comments and opinions with to the film reviewed:

a. The film, purporting to be factual and documentary, appears over dramatic, each case citing.

b. The film strives, through its showing, to maintain the impression that an unknown menace or super-intelligent being, alien to our world, is constantly in the background.

c. The case sightings and the individuals portrayed (the acting very amateurish for a Hollywood production) was factual to a certain extent. However, the conclusions, specific or implied, are those of the producer and not those of the Air Force.

d. In each instance of the portrayal of a case, the film dramatically, and with great suspense, presents the incident and circumstances then sighting, then abruptly drops the matter in a "lady or the tiger" technique. This is, of course, the desired affect, calculated to the viewer from his own (infused) conclusion.

3. The following represent the specific comments or conclusions with reference to each case portrayed by the film, as supported by official material or data:

a. Great Falls (Marianna) Case: We do not agree with the film's conclusion, and not believe, not withstanding, not being able to very detailed analyses performed by the scientific laboratory of one of our aircraft, that aircraft components, indicated, in conclusion, that aircraft reflections might possibly look like the images on the film.

b. When some 8 to 10 feet in length, when observed from 10 to 12 miles looked exactly like individual white blobs shown. The absence of sound cannot be construed as the object is not an aircraft. As any personal experience will show, aircraft may often be observed in the air at some distance, yet no sound.

NOTE: Ruppelt, Chop and Fournet were portrayed by actors but were not in the credits. Technical Advisors to the Production were represented by an actor, but not named. General Samford was not in the reel was dubbed in. M/C Newhouse, USAF and Mr. Mariana played themselves.


- page 25 -

Here is the text from the document:

FILE CLASS:
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
—OFFICE OF RECORD

b. Tremonton Case:
(1) We do not agree with the film's conclusion "not aircraft, not balloons", not with the. A comprehensive analyses was made of a copy from the original film strip, and that shown by Green-House by Major William Weithaus, ATIC photo specialists. The original film shows the presence of sea gulls. This is not shown in the Hollywood version.

(2) Further, it is not necessary to state that a particular species of sea gull are not prominent in certain parts of Utah. It should be pointed out that the Utah species is almost pure-white in color, in contrast to its smoky or gray-marked sea-coast cousin.

(3) In the opinion of ATIC photo specialists, any under exposure of these sea gulls against a high-lighted sky would tend to "wash out" details or the body and wing outline of the gulls, giving them a white circular appearance at a distance. (Officer Newhouse openly admitted in the film that he under exposed his "shots".)

(4) This is confirmed by the original analysis in our files, made in early 1953 by the Photo Reconnaissance Laboratory, WADC. These reports were not shown to Majors Willner and Buckmaster for review until after their analyses. (Item 1, 2, and 3 above) were complete.

c. Mantell Case: Conclusions of the Air Force are that Capt. Mantell was apparently trying to intercept a fast riding "Sky Hook" balloon. Other facts: only 2 people saw that "Sky Hook" balloons were huge (100 feet in diameter), neither Mantell "Sky Hook" balloons nor Capt. Mantell's flight altitude, considering Capt. Mantell's book "Report on UFOs", page 60, 3rd paragraph.

d. Fargo Case: Our files indicate that this was undoubtedly an electromagnetic balloon with Capt. German encountered. Capt. Ruppelt also comments on this in his book, page 67, top.

e. Airline Pilots Case: As portrayed on the screen this is an attempt to document a Continental Case. In our comment: A description of the UFO alleged to have been closely observed by each of these veteran Eastern Airlines pilots will be found in page 81 of the Project Blue Book "Analysis of Unidentified Flying Objects". All three observers were sitting next to each other and observed the same thing.

ROUTING AND COORDINATION SHEET
C FORM 144 (REV 20 FEB 56)                 2                 AF-WP-O-29 MAR 56 35M


- page 26 -

FILE CLASS: OFFICIAL FILE COPY
OFFICE OF RECORD

than that both appeared to be wingless and somewhat cylindrical. This case is classed as an "unknown" by virtue of the high credibility given to observer's of this type.

f. Washington Radar Sighting:

(1) In the Department of Defense "Minutes of Press Conference Held by Major General John A. Samford", 29 July 1952, copy in file at both ADIC and PIO, it was reported to the press that these sightings (pages 5 through 17) may have been the result of a combination of factors: temperature inversions, moisture layers, and atmospheric conditions which can make radar range such a manner that unidentified ground targets become visible on the radar screen. In a random manner from one antenna rear to the next, thus allowing some misinterpretation that these actually target very moving.

(2) It should be emphasized that no photos or motion pictures were ever made of the radar screen, as shown in the motion picture.

(3) The attempt to represent the blips as possible interplanetary space ships, gleefully playing "tag" with our jet aircraft over Washington, undoubtedly will produce the desired dramatic mood and suspense. However, the incident over the radar scope was unscientific, not supported by fact, nor the conclusion of the Air Force.

g. Sperry Case: This office has no file on this particular case, regarding an observer, an airline pilot.

[Signed]
GEORGE T. GREGORY
Captain, USAF
Project Monitor - UFO

[Additional signatures from other personnel]

TIC FORM 144 (REV 20 FEB 56)
ROUTING AND COORDINATION SHEET


- page 27 -

MEMORANDUM FOR AFOIN-1611
ATTN:  Mr. Acler

SUBJECT:  Special Showing of UFO Film for ATIC, 1430 hours, Friday, 
18 May 1956

1. During the last one and one-half months the undersigned UFO Project Officer has made numerous attempts, and repeated contacts with various agencies, without success to either obtain a copy, or arrange review of a film entitled "Unidentified Flying Objects", which was known to have the middle of May as its release date to the general press (see attached press clipping).

2. This film may stir up a storm of public controversy similar to that which USAF was subjected to in 1952 with regard to UFOs, as result of the unwarranted sensationalism generated by so-called "UFO experts", newscasters, and publishers.

3. The problem was personally presented to Col. Cross, Chief, Office of Information Services, and the gravity of the situation explained. Through his personal efforts, and contacts with certain officials in the motion picture industry, Col Cross was somehow able to obtain one copy of the film. This film must be shown and returned to the unknown lender immediately.

4. This film, purports, by implication, to have official USAF endorsement. In that three former UFO project personnel are the technical advisors to the film.

5. In conferences held with Lt Col Johnson of General Samford's office, Dr. Hynek, Prime UFO consultant, Scientific Advisors office and other pertinent personnel, it was agreed by all that ATIC should review this film before any wide-scale release to the public, for purposes of comment; "that in preparation of some official comment to be kept in readiness to queries which will undoubtedly arise.

6. ATIC Photo Specialists, Major Buckmaster and Major Willner, were given copies of the original "Unidentified" and "Tremonton" films, request that they review these strips for the purpose of making comparative analysis, after the Hollywood version is shown.

7. Dr. Hynek, has been contacted, and will leave Columbus in sufficient time to review the film. Comments resulting from discussions between Dr. Hynek and photo specialists, should be most helpful in reflecting the USAF viewpoint.

FILE CLASS:
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
OFFICE OF RECORD

17 May 1956

1

[Bottom of page shows routing and coordination sheet details]


- page 28 -

FILE CLASS:
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
OFFICE OF RECORD

8. Film will be shown in Bldg 167, Area B, in a projection room reserved for ATIC. The AMC auditorium was unavailable. A 35MM projector was required for this film.

9. It is presumed that you will attend. Possibly General Watson, Col Eriksen or other members of ATIC which you feel should attend can be contacted by your office.

GEORGE T. GREGORY
Capt., USAF
Project Monitor

ATIC FORM 144 (REV 20 FEB 56)
ROUTING AND COORDINATION SHEET

2

(Bottom right corner has checkboxes for PERM, TEMP, 90 DAYS, and INITIAL)


- page 29 -

Kenneth Arnold Case:

*Arnold made drawings of objects showing definite shape, and stated that objects seemed about 20 times as long as wide, estimating them as 45-50 feet long.

He also estimated the distance as 20-25 miles and clocked them as going 47 miles in 102 seconds. (1700 m.p.h.)

These statements are mutually contradictory.

If the distance were correct, then in order for details to be seen, objects must have been of the order of 100 x 2000 feet in size.

If, we adopt a reasonable size - Arnold's own estimate, in fact, of 50 feet long, hence about 3 feet wide, the objects must have been closer than a mile, obviously contrary to his statement.

If we adopt a reasonable limiting size to the objects of 20 x 100 feet, objects must have been closer than six miles to have shown the detail indicated by Arnold. At this distance, angular speed observed corresponds to a maximum speed of 1400 m.p.h.

In all probability, therefore, objects were much closer than thought, and moving at definitely "sub-sonic" speeds.

*Note: Observational data taken from original Arnold files. There were no witnesses or other observers to this sighting.

/s/ J. . H.
J. Allen Hynek

Memo: [Handwritten text which is partially illegible, but appears to start with "Dr. Hynek + I worked at the clearing from 1230 to 2:00 PM on these "old" (?) cases..."]


- page 30 -

Newhouse-Utah Case: * Movies were studied by Photo Reconnaissance Laboratory (WADC) in 1952, shortly after sighting took place. Their considered opinion was that there was a strong possibility that these were sea gulls soaring thermal air currents, and appearing as bright spots of light similar to those shown in the movie. Our files show that this report was counter-signed by Captain Ruppelt.

Also, our original evaluation was based, in part, on movies of sea gulls taken at various distances which showed that the sea gulls appeared similar to the objects in the film. This film was shown by Captain Ruppelt at a private showing in Washington which was also attended by Dr. Hynek. Further, a critical analysis made a few days ago of this film strip by ATIC photo specialists, without their knowledge of the original evaluation, resulted in the same opinion i. e. that these were sea gulls. It should also be pointed out that in our copy of the original film, sea gulls appeared in a number of frames. This, however, is not shown in the Hollywood version of the film. Therefore, there is in this case also no compelling reason to change our original opinions.

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page:]
George T. Gregory, Capt USAF
29 May 1956 +

Rewritten by Mr. Archer and phoned to HQ ATIC
31 May 1956
979


- page 31 -

Memorandum for: Saunders, Admin
Subject: Additional Information - Report of "Movie Picture" Unidentified Flying Object

1. Reference is made to memorandum submitted to your office dated 22 May 1956, subject, "Report of Movie Picture" Unidentified Flying Object.

2. A second screening of the film, during study of the local data, was made by the undersigned. Program was the obtaining the exact same details of breakup of the UFO sighting, which then, on ground forces to be forwarded to this memorandum.

3. The previous memorandum dated 9 July 1956 was connected on the two airline pilots (names not given) was connected as the "Chiles-Whitted" case, because of the similarity of the sighting i.e. "long slender fuselage, no wings, etc." However, the second review of the film revealed this to be the "Sioux City Airline Pilots" sighting.

Sioux City Case:
4. UFO, in this case, was viewed by Mid-Contract Airline Pilots, B.Y. Vickery and co-pilot J.F. Buchanan.


- page 32 -

Recorded - appearance of our work on left this page

then 0-27, long, long-shaped frequency, long
slender thing at wing, no scales most. Our file
appears the following:

a. Morpheus appears to describe - 8:36 -

b. viewed from wide aspect at night.

4. Inquiry to S&C Headquarters disclosed that
that heavy casting night of mission a record of
S&C Training (fights in the Z.I.

b. both points agree that UFO was urgent
shaped left of long eye, that lights aimed running
lights, we believe (which were accurate & partly urgent),
for a short duration.

d. Possible list 98 accept of highlights apply 76
"come" and purely noting for a smile check ~
similar review


- page 33 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

HERALD, DAYTON, OHIO, WEDNESDAY, MAY 23, 1956

Flying Saucer Problem
Reviewed In New Film

The subject of flying saucers is reviewed in an alleged documentary movie, "Unidentified Flying Objects," that is just as controversial as the mysterious objects it attempts to cover.

The movie opens today at Leo's Theater, and it should prove particularly interesting because a former Daytonian, Al Chop, is the central character.

Chop, who worked as a reporter for The Dayton Daily News and for Acme Aluminum Alloys in public relations before getting a job at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in the public information office, is the writer, and the picture contends he devoted much of his time to writing about and handling news releases on flying objects.

Together, key figure is Capt. Edward J. Ruppelt, now a TV company executive, who was in charge of the flying saucer investigation during Chop's time, the early '50s.

The picture covers the subject in documentary fashion, although Towers do not have the blessing of the Air Force.

Through the eyes of Chop the movie viewers will see reportedly sighted objects which were officially moved into the category of distant saucers are shown for the first time.

Scenes are taken in the Fort Knox flight tower, where observers and following a group of pilots, one of them being charged and at a Washington airport where a number of objects are caught on the radar screen.

In an effort to substantiate the story, the picture makes no effort to soft-pedal the subject and admits a great majority of the reports of saucers have been explained, that only a few objects remain unidentified.

Chop provides some interesting moments, and provoke some thoughts as well as some comment when he tells how, before taking the job at the base, he talks with his former managing editor and is told, "Certainly should come back to work with the paper." Things have changed, and he says office girls and get three hours for lunch.

Supporting film is "Pattern," a movie version of the TV play written by Rod Stirling.

VICTORY Comfortably
NOW SHOWING
GARY 2 SUPER
COOPER HITS!
DISTANT
DRUMS

GARY
COOPER
RUTH
ROMAN
DALLAS
COCHRAN

RKO KEITH'S
STARTS TOMORROW

you've never really seen
George Gobel before!

Paramount presents
GEORGE
GOBEL
MITZI
GAYNOR
DAVID
NIVEN

When George Gobel
hits the big motion pic
ture screen, you're in
for the time of your
time! A tantalizing
tale!

It's The Hit
With The Top
Song Hit!
"THE BIRDS
AND THE
BEES"

the birds and the bets
COLOR by TECHNICOLOR
REGINALD GARDINER • FRED CLARK

LAST TIMES TODAY—
"JUBAL" IN CINEMASCOPE
TECHNICOLOR

Razor Is Named
By School Unit

Floyd Rasor, assistant superintendent of Montgomery county schools, is the new president of the Southwestern Ohio County School Business Officials Association.

Others elected at a meeting at Wilmington were: Rolla Webster

BARNEY'S
RESTAURANT and COCKTAIL
LOUNGE
KIMBELS DINING ROOM
Open Daily 11 A.M. to 9 P.M.
LORD LOUIS AT THE ORGAN
OPEN 5 DAILY 6 OX


- page 34 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Mr. A. M. Rochlen
Vice President - Public Relations
Douglas Aircraft Company, Inc.
Santa Monica, California

Dear Mr. Rochlen:

This office is in receipt of the extremely able analysis performed by the Douglas Aircraft Company on the film of an unidentified flying object photographed by Mr. Nicholas Mariana in August 1950, and interposes no objections to the release of this report, in whole or in part, to the Green-Roques Studios.

The position of the Air Force with regard to UFOs is that the opinions of individuals or private enterprise regarding UFOs are their own, and do not necessarily represent the view of the Air Force.

We agree with the conclusions stated in the second paragraph of page 8 of your report. However, the statement attributed to Mr. Mariana (3rd par., page 1) that a number of frames had been removed from the film while in the possession of the Air Force is without foundation. In fact, official Air Force files indicate that the film was in damaged condition when received, and that this was acknowledged by both Mr. Kerlan and the local Air Force representative. The Air Force requested Mr. Mariana's permission to repair the film, advising him at the same time that a frame or two might be lost in the process. Mr. Mariana wired permission the following day through the local Air Force representative.

We greatly appreciate you sending us your report, the conclusions of which will be reflected in the next release of the Air Force "Bluebook" project report on UFOs. The previous release of this report "Analysis of Reports of Unidentified Aerial Objects" represented the critical analyses of all reports and sightings from 1941 to 1955. It includes the efforts of many highly competent scientific, analytic, investigative and specialist reports used were derived from all sources - ranging from well-known scientists and experienced pilots to the average man-on-the-street. This report is available for examination by the general public.

Handwritten notes at top right of page appear to be partially illegible.


- page 35 -

Ltr to Mr. A. M. Rochlen, Santa Monica, California (Cont)
concerns of the Air Force who will continue to investigate them regard-
less of how low this percentage may become. However, we wish to reiterate
the conclusions of all these studies with regard to the "unknowns":

1. There is total lack of evidence that the phenomena observed
have inimical or hostile forces behind them.

2. There is a total lack of evidence that they are interplanetary
vehicles.

3. There is a total lack of evidence that they represent tech-
nological developments outside the range of present day scientific
knowledge.

4. There is a total lack of evidence that they constitute any
threat to the security of our country.

We must apologize for the delay in your letter to the Green-Rouse Studies. Unfortunately, we did
not receive your letter until the 26th of April.

Sincerely,

HAROLD E. WATSON
Brigadier General, USAF
Commander

2


- page 36 -

Here is the text from the document:

VICTORY
NOW SHOWING
GARY COOPER
RUTH
DALLAS
DISTANT DRUMS

the birds and the bees
COLOR by TECHNICOLOR
REGINALD GARDINER FRED CLARK
LAST TIMES TODAY
"JUBAL" CINEMASCOPE TECHNICOLOR

NOW! THE TRUTH ABOUT FLYING SAUCERS!

You'll see his "top secret" films
of them for the first time!

He "caught" them with his camera!

This plane crashed trying to catch them!

This radar screen "captured" them
over Washington, D.C.

He almost collided with one of them!

This jet fought a fantastic dogfight with one of them!

SEE IT ALL AS IT ACTUALLY HAPPENED!... and is still happening!

THE MOTION PICTURE SCOOP OF THE CENTURY!

UFO
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

STARTS TODAY
LOEW'S
DOORS OPEN 11:15 A.M.—MATINEE 50c—EVENING 75c

AND CO-FEATURE
VAN HEFLIN
"PATTERNS"
...OF POWER!


- page 37 -

Re: Washington Radar Sighting

Investigation of clear sighting by Capt ATC and Capt Def'nitely solidified that the phenomena was due to temperature inversions, a common occurrence over the Washington area"

Comment by Capt. Harding
28 May 1175

P.F.: Original material on File
will generally trust Co.
Always be own - however,
there may not be an agreement with
report to give & state and reliable
release of data

Re: Footage release by Newberne
Comments: always Newberne
private property - USAF borrowed
it only.


- page 38 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

Title of document: "NEVER USE FOR APPROVALS, DISAPPROVALS, CONCURRENCES, OR SIMILAR ACTIONS"

Top section (Name or Title):
- Appears to read "Homing Capt Shughart"
- Organization and Location: "HE 4"

Right side action options:
- Circulate
- Coordination
- File
- Information
- Necessary Action
- Note and Return
- See Me
- Signature

Bottom section:
- From Name or Title: Appears to read "Dr. Toench"
- Organization and Location: "453"
- Date: Appears to read "26 Mar"

Form details:
- DD Form 95
- 1 FEB 50
- Replaces DA AGO Form 895, 1 Apr 48, and AGEQ Form 12, 10 Nov 47, which may be used.


- page 39 -

DAYTON DAILY NEWS
24MAY 56

Dayton D. News
24 May 56

PAGE 28

Amusements
By GEE MITCHELL

'Patterns' And 'Diabolique' Merit
Attention Along With Cool Snap

YOU can't beat the weather for newspaper readership value or conversation material but at least two of the five new motion pictures that hit Dayton screens simultaneously Wednesday are worthy of note as the cool snap.

Out - balls hooded by its companion feature at Loew's, the screen version of Rod Serling's television repeater, Patterns, sort of sneaked in the back door.

Its merits admittance at the front entrance.

Diabolique, the French chiller by Henri - Georges Clouzot, bowed on at the Art and measured up to its advance notices in every respect.

Diabolique stands alone as the feature attraction at the Art. Patterns, in fact, has little to justify its existence unless you consider its "local angle" in that light. It purports to be a factual account of one man's association with flying saucers. The man in question is Al Chop, former Daily News staffer. There are frequent references to Dayton and to Wright Patterson Air Force base and even one shot of the Daily News building.

So far as flying saucers, however, there's little in the picture that hasn't made its appearance in print at one time or another.

Serling's big business power house, however, lacks only the usual feature length running time since it consumes less than an hour and a half. Padding it out to greater length could only reduce its punching power. As it stands it throws a hefty wallop.


- page 40 -

'FLYING SAUCERS'
DEPICTED IN FILM

Movie Being Released Next
Month Has Actual Photos
of 'Unidentified Objects'
By THOMAS M. PRYOR

Special to The New York Times
HOLLYWOOD, Calif., April 23
The public will soon be able
to see for the first time in mo-
tion picture scenes of so-
called "flying saucers" in ac-
tion. The footage is contained in
a documentary feature movie
of unexplained aerial phenomena
produced from actual records of
the country since 1947.

Actual color footage of bright
disk-like objects moving at high
speed over Utah, New Mexico
is contained in the documentary
by "Unidentified Objects," which
was previewed here today.

Made by Greene-Rouse produc-
tions, the picture is scheduled
to be released next month in
theatres by United Artists.

Also seen in the picture's re-
production of unidentified ob-
jects are reportedly picked up
washing ton Interception. A re-
port on July 26, 1952. Jet in-
terceptors for six hours without
establishing contact.

A foreword to the movie states:
"Every fact presented in 'Un-
identified Flying Objects' is fully
documented with the original
documents supporting them now
in the custody of the Title In-
surance and Trust Company of
Los Angeles. They are open to
your inspection at any time."

Clarence Greene, co-pro-
ducer, said that assistance in
compiling the picture was pre-
pared for more than two years,
was given by Commerce Air
officers and civilians assigned to
the investigation of unidentified
objects.

The actual brief motion pic-
ture clips of the objects were
photographed in Utah, July 22,
1952, by Warren Air Force De-
pot Newhouse, Navy Chief Pho-
tographer, and in Montana,
Aug. 15, 1950, by Nicholas.

The footage was at first clas-
sified by the Air Force and sub-
sequently declassified "quietly."
Mr. Greene stated he obtained
rights to the footage using
movie house and Marianna. They also
tell their experience on the
screen.


- page 41 -

