The image contains a Project 10073 record card, which appears to be a document from the Project Blue Book investigation into UFO sightings. There is no photograph present in this image.

Output of the text from the document:

1. DATE 25 OCT 60
2. LOCATION Boston Harbor, Massachusetts
3. DATE-TIME GROUP 2315Z
4. LOCATION: Boston Harbor, Massachusetts
5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
G. Ground-Radar
6. DURATION 05 
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION About 5 mins
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: About 4-7 bright, round objects sighted over Boston Harbor. The objects were reported to move erratically and maneuver independently until they were slightly obscured by clouds. Then the objects were observed to change direction and speed altitude and appeared to be a single bright light until the object was slightly obscured by clouds again. This cycle continued until the objects were no longer visible. The objects moved silently and were a dull white color at times. Their speed and maneuverability, however, was less bright and pronounced as a much greater specific altitude speed.
11. COMMENTS: Civilian report, verified by Air Force. Object was observed visually and by ground radar. Visual observation coincident with radar return. Object was approximately 59 miles southeast of Boston at an altitude of 6000 feet. Radar indicated an airspeed in excess of 700 mph, object disappeared from radar at a speed over 1000 mph.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an office memorandum from the United States government, dated October 12, 1960.

Office Memorandum - UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
TO: [Redacted]
FROM: [Redacted]
SUBJECT: Observation of the 12, 1960

Losses like a heavy balloon leaving the sky. Apparently saw three or four objects moving at a high speed for only a short time, nothing strange as to their movement, no unusual sound or lights observed. The sighting occurred on the night of October 12, 1960. The objects were observed for only a short period of time and reported angular speed should have been greater than it was reported. 

Please see the attached report for only a short time, nothing strange as to their movement, no unusual sound or lights observed. The sighting occurred on the night of October 12, 1960.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a textual document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

Boston Harbor, Massachusetts, February 12, 1960
About 9:15 PM 

Flight or close to 20 minutes

About as bright as Polaris

True bearing apparently from compass bearing 6 degrees, plus or minus about two minutes

March to South

It would come around a degree and a half 

Sincerely,

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed document with text. 

Text found in the document:

The object appeared to be from about five to six miles away. It was stationary and hovered for approximately 5-10 minutes. It appeared to be about 20-25 feet in diameter. It gave off a brilliant white light, pulsing, and flashing. It suddenly started moving at a very high rate of speed and disappeared from sight within 3-5 seconds. The observer described the object as round, glowing and with no wings, tail, or other appendages visible. It appeared to be metallic in nature.

- page 4 -

