PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
20 Sep 60

2. LOCATION
Louisville, Kentucky

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2150
GMT 23/0350Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
□ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
Military

6. PHOTOS
□ Yes
□ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
12 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
three

9. COURSE
NW

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Air observation at 9000 ft. A/c heading of 79° observed object at high altitude and speed cross in front on heading 335° to NW. Two smaller objects trailing and parallel. In sight for 12 min. Intensity varying from bright to dim. Larger object being brighter.

11. COMMENTS
Probable a/c refueling operation.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown


- page 1 -

MEMORANDUM                                                  21 September 1960

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

TO:    Base Operations Officer

1.    At approximately 2150 hours 20 Sept 1960 I witnessed what I believe was an unidentified flying object.

2.    While cruising in a C47 aircraft above an overcast at 9,000 ft and about 25 miles west of Louisville, KY., a bright object appeared in the direction of 130°. My heading at the time was 70°. This object contained on a straight course SE to NW. Traveling at extreme speeds and high altitude the object crossed above and in front of my aircraft, proceeded to the NW. This object had the characteristics of a star and was similar to a Sputnik which I had previously witnessed.

3.    After the first object appeared, two similar objects traveling in the same general direction appeared. These objects were flying parallel to each other. The two (2) objects trailed in the same path behind and to each side of the object first seen. These objects did not have quite the brightness as the first. My co-pilot (Capt. Cross) and I witnessed the objects in the sky from first citing to vanishing from approximately twelve (12) minutes. All objects could be seen simultaneously after they passed this aircraft bow and proceeded NW. The intensity of their appearance varied from bright to dim and off as they crossed the sky.

4.    Immediately upon citing subject objects and more or less discounting them as aircraft, I contacted Indianapolis Center and inquired whether any other aircraft was known to be in the area. Their reply was negative—no aircraft in our vicinity. Although the objects appeared to be some sort of satellite, there is a rumor possible that I could have witnessed the objected for aircraft being refueled. I have however, personally discounted that this because I do not believe it would have been possible for me to see an aircraft across the sky for a twelve minute period of time without the navigation lights and rotating beacon becoming visible. Further the speed and altitude of these objects greatly exceeded the capability of the B52 or KC135a performance.


- page 2 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

TO: Bolieu-

REMARKS:
Prob Aircraft - Refueling

When he was two nd
Aircraft in his vicinity -
FAN into course
Altitude and Horizontal
Distance - They were
No where near him

DD FORM 95 (Replaces DD Form 64, 1 Feb 50 and DD Form 66, 1 Feb 50 which will not be used until exhausted)


- page 3 -

