PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
8,9, or 10 Feb., 1960

2. LOCATION
Sebring, Florida

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1215 Approx.
GMT.

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 1/2 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
N to S

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
White light flowing as a headlight would in fog. Oval shape. Disappeared vertically.

11. COMMENTS
Report contains little unbiased information. Insufficient data is available for a valid conclusion as to the nature of this object.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
■ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 JUL 35)

- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
IMPOSSIBLE TO ESTIMATE

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
(e) Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? DISAPPEARED BEHIND CLOUDS

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

IT WAS JUST PLAIN LIGHT WITH AN OVAL RATHER THAN ROUND LIKE A SPRITE SHAPE.
YOU COULD NOT SEE THROUGH THE GLOW EXCEPT FOR THE ONE INSTANT AND I MEAN INSTANT THAT THE GLOW WENT NOT HALF WAY, AND THE LIGHT JUST LIKE AN ELECTRIC LIGHT BULB APPEARED AT THE TOP CENTER, THEN THE GLOW SLOWLY YELLOWED.

- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I WAS WATCHING A UNIVERSAL MOVIE AND SAW IT APPEAR LIKE A
FLIGHT OF THE SCREEN

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East          e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East          e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East          e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North     30°     degrees, not
b. From horizon        20.5°   degrees of height in sky

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North     50°     degrees.
b. From horizon        50°     degrees of height in sky

- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6

- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

But wasn't sure
wind the same

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
2     2     60
Day   Month  Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
IT WAS DEFINITELY A CONTROLLED OBJECT I DON'T KNOW WHAT

- page 5 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 60 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 12 MILE feet, at'd. end

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS LAKE PLACID FLORIDA
TELEPHONE NUMBER NONE
What is your present job? JUST MOVED HERE FROM PHILA. PA. IN NOV. 59. NOT WORKING
Age 43 Sex MALE

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school 2 YRS
c. College
d. Post graduate
e. & f. Technical school (Type) HAVE HAD MUCH SCHOOLING
f. Other special training THEN IN INDUSTRIAL
ELECTRONICS

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [Date fields left blank]

- page 6 -

The image appears to be a diagram of a celestial sphere or sky map, with the following visible text and markings:

Zenith: 90°

Latitude/Longitude grid lines marked at:
- 60°
- 30°
- 0°

Compass/directional markings:
- 180° S
- 135° SE
- 90° E
- 45° NE
- 0° N
- 315° NW
- 270° W
- 225° SW

There are some handwritten notes on the diagram, but they are partially illegible due to the image quality. The bottom of the diagram shows a stylized horizon line with trees or buildings.

- page 7 -

SAFOI-34/Maj Tacker/mbb/T229L

24 February 1960

Dear Mr. [redacted]

This is to acknowledge and thank you for your letter of 12 February regarding the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

Your letter contains insufficient information for a valid conclusion. Therefore, I request you complete the attached Air Force questionnaire. In regard to the sighting and forward the completed paper to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio for analysis and evaluation.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Enclosure

Mr. [redacted]
Lake Placid, Florida

COPY
OFFICE FILE REMAINED

1960 FEB 26 TO 01

Comeback 01-3d
Reader 01-1

- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Helen
not sufficient

Lake Placid, Florida
Feb 12, 1960

To whom it may concern: It is the concern of somebody, if it isn't already in secret.

I am a recent resident of Fla. having been here only since 1st mo. I was privileged to witness something that after other people must have seen before me, something which within police own disbelief pointed.

Last evening Feb 10 at approx 7:15 PM. I oppose being now you know what is coming even before I tell you, but here it is, for what you may care to do with the information. I mentioned it to only one person (following morning) at which time I went to buy a paper expecting to find it all over the front page, but of what I know & from my meditation where time.

I was sitting in a chair in my vicinity my wife & children, we were three approx 15 min. in the & slipping at times at the north east sky. We had in the approx direction of the seven. Right off to the right of the seven I saw a bright white thing.

- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

only, it moved. It thought was an airplane with
it, dimly lights, my but there was only one big light.
I thought it may be to far away that while it looked
like one light, but it kept getting bigger in a sort
of suddenly, one light. By this time it was so small
that it was hardly carefully and was it was a big
white glowing light not a ball out a round light
at end of flat top a bottom. From I believe are
any object just the light as I don't know whether
was a wing or cage or flying craft but that is not
important. It was moving almost toward me as I
could best tell only by its motions in sky that for
it was going through fast. While it was moving a
significant thing happened, for an instantly a light
of dark appeared in the middle of the big light and as
it did so big glow diminished to about half its former
brightness. The bright light went out quickly with no
it significant brilliance of it continued to come on. From at
the point I could see this myself for some time, happened
on the occasion of I glanced at it possibly 15 sec
then I turned back to the object but it was no longer
coming toward me. instead it was going up a curve,
the light was now orange or so it appeared. By then
appeared 15 sec. from the time it started to look at it
got small to a similar extent it faded to darkness
to disappear out of sight. It looked like a white
going up. From this I take it was a white 7 to 7 min.
than 7 min. ite.

- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

At first I thought it was a. nickel from eye command. but after thinking about it I realize I didn't see in Central flight coming inland & then jump. so I recalled sending one of the pilots report of what they might see at first of their description. so copy exactly how they saw thing. You then might see also as a. bell and only body could have seen it. but. I'll suggest no part anybody could have missed. I even one of 9 bodies have floating at the main action. which was night in. line with it.

You will to with delay bring to my flying saucer fan club. I don't even want to momentarily but I tell suggest of watching stations were set up. of maybe of 9 to 9 miles for tracking them. that a. lot of them might be seen. but also that while we are missing some with white. this is already a proven rule of prediction which we know nothing about. and if somebody isn't trying to find out how flight or what could be in the atmosphere could be. well as a propellant. they. settle. well. I am well. only the next placement at there. spell. which we cannot attain. to far do now endowed we so the laws puzzle on other planets or our body on this planet is after more advanced than. in this expedition man. Reason become they would have. it unclear laws out of my ego. of the kind. and then. it is partly. in more. wide or partly else on this planet has been. so the most of. from earth. of it.

- page 11 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use
the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-
peat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments,
statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached
if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]                                                                        (Do Not Write in This Space)
                                                                                        CODE:
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: [Redacted]

[The rest of the page contains handwritten text that appears to be a detailed narrative description of an event, but the text is somewhat difficult to read completely due to the image quality. The writing appears to cover most of the page, describing some kind of observation or encounter.]

- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

The sighted on apparently not 'totally' explaining you couldn't hurt me of you tried. I don't know what they were. Limited here or whether the own will mostly they don't but I'll think somebody will come into a program of finding out more about them. If you to others them. I think every might say some unity of this country should be watched by someone of some kind of one of these things could be unsettled. we might of try to take them this you not 20 years from now.

I am an electronic technician 25 years with Philadelphia Corp. Phila. Certainly capable of appreciating what my eyes are 35 have good eyes.

If anybody is interested if you to congress information at this write to above address or come down to help point (this incident took place in Sebring Fla.) 25 the front office set will do it to my satisfaction.

Excuse this writing as I am in a hurry. I dictated 2 days before deciding to write, so of the draft is useful. It was written with the effort.

Sincerely,

[Signature area is blacked out]

PS is don't know how to write these so as that is how you get it.

- page 13 -

Page 10

[The entire text appears to be handwritten and somewhat difficult to read in parts. I will transcribe what I can make out, with some words being uncertain or illegible:]

[First paragraph appears to discuss some event or observation, but specific details are difficult to discern due to handwriting and image quality]

[Subsequent paragraphs continue with similar challenges in complete legibility]

Some words and phrases are partially readable, but a complete verbatim transcription would require higher resolution or clearer image. The text appears to be a detailed narrative or report, written in cursive handwriting on a lined page, with some words and sentences being clear while others are partially obscured or difficult to decipher.

- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

practically not against regulation.

27 how much we constantly today these things come up daily
don't they violently themselves by saying "here we are now" which
which you may have to but I but here you would have to apply
they have at times and have heard. One has the slightest clue
effort we might be doing people it would not be incredible for
them to just drop in for some such suggestion that if
now miles where they may be going on for a mile
I want to make it short I want some photographs at telling people
no with no one in the way around the surface to have us on the
site, just possibly that the point they have to not apparent with
being people from the shortly to continuously they may have a style into
just I find out how far almost they are and if just to partly point
if you that not of my become so we are beginning to be in the up you
again. We are this was completely base with the we would be probably
in some way lifting this out. The return I would definitely a 2 days
observation stations just by a capture one body to definitely a site
she was a less this mean in my come then to just a thing of this
work, which for them may be possible. She may not have at that
they may do all kinds of what following them to the if you mentioned
these of being. If you can only possibly think of just these things that
have been possibly to see one of these and mention what anybody else
says, you don't doubt your situation.

Following this kind of meaning, there is very important and
possibly more things of your thought that this gives you
a very (unintelligible word) - believe in the form to
try out we might of this, as we do with other - part of what
itself work as only you are constantly and happens what we do in
to all of a sudden really, that you really all of you make. There is

- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Probably now said that was not many people in the area
at that time able to see and tell the truth on the planet, with many
of same like ours was of all what is this point of all the
matter and plus only some time, maybe few of the kind of 20 that
many intelligent and communicable people such as scientists or clergy
or defense personnel could examine the facts and quietly consider
what possible to report than things. By the way our for
the was less because only then can you realize the impossibility.
- I went not like write a letter such as the defense
saw this thing, am though I was of other persons that I say here
people did see something. By this was fact that I was looking for
over and friendly and means that they are here and nicely to
be observed. And, maybe you only have one really of your
observation. Since the I appeared - examine the sky, any night for about
15 min. I have seen only 3 shooting stars or so in the sky. But it not the
that they were these things passing through our upper atmosphere, the most
part of the night, but small accept or ground being on to shooting stars.
But nicely am left me what I saw last night was not in 15 to
the point you wanted information I simply. Comparing again
(and I do move, perhaps) in the same place by chance
everything was completely as I recall. I thought of many ways it would be
very important to know what it changed and where. It was like
a method in art. In this way I am sure that if, distribution was most
at would have you such a really human. It is coming what is my point in
the strategy and then was a little point in space or time a long
- I would like to know the way of my thinking in the two
in the position nicely in not exactly of place. I was on
almost nothing being it a method to do it in the sky or changed
with left.

- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

I sincerely hope that anything and everything I have told you will be of some help to the study further to give it can give it will be glad to.

I would also like to show many things that actually a photostatic for my own study because and said there is nothing more interesting perhaps around the habit, particularly more cars of this year pattern.

Excuse the writing of just what I thought was in a hurry as I have to make a living for my wife & a child.

Sincerely,

[Signature blacked out]

P.S. There was unfortunate thing was seen not being exact from the horizontal & the vertical & being in a lot of light or light intensity could have been very important. But I have sent some notes also want to assure that some time in this area for their trying to see if they were if not a few things were taking place to date. So in this conclusion I would say to do an extra careful investigation.

- page 17 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. If it is desired to contact you for further details, we may contact you.

1. When did you see the object?
[Date information is blacked out]

2. Time of day: APPROX 7:15
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
            b. Central
            c. Mountain
            d. Pacific
            e. Other _________

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: SEBRING
City or Town: SEBRING        State or Country: FLORIDA
Additional remarks: [partially illegible]

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
1½ Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain
b. (Fairly certain)
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight   d. Just a trace of daylight
             b. Dull daylight    e. No trace of daylight
             c. Bright twilight   f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)

- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):                 8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                                  a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                                 b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                                  c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
    d. Don't remember                         d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
    (Circle One):   a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?:
    (Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
    It was as    b. Several blocks away?
    A headlight  c. A block away?
    like a bright fluorescent light   d. Several yards away?
                                      e. Other

11. Did the object:                     (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?           Yes   No   Don't Know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes   No   Don't Know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?              Yes   No   Don't Know
    d. Give off smoke?                              Yes   No   Don't Know
    e. Change brightness?                           Yes   No   Don't Know
    f. Change shape?                                Yes   No   Don't Know
    g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?                  Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
    It moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
    It moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear:   (Circle One):   a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No
    b. Sun glasses      Yes   No
    c. Windshield       Yes   No
    d. Window glass     Yes   No

    e. Binoculars       Yes   No
    f. Telescope        Yes   No
    g. Theodolite       Yes   No
    h. Other

- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound ____HEARD NOISE
b. Color ____WHITE LIGHT

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): ⓧ Fuzzy or blurred
                   ⓧ Like a bright star
                   c. Sharply outlined
                   d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ____________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 20 -

