Here is the OCR text from the document:

up the sky and field outside his home.

(U) There was only one (1) object.

(S) N/A

(U) He could discern, though the fact that it appeared round that top solid.

(7) Observer said he saw no tail.

(8) Observer said he could see no sound as he watched the
object. N/A. He saw how it appeared to be somewhat round
the ground. [Redacted] He stopped about 15 feet from it and
soon as 12 feet listen for an movement, but he could hear
nothing.

(9) Yes, aware of something to. (5) below.

(1) (U) Observer was sitting at his window facing the field
Richards to the radio. A brief light lit up the sky
and the field outside the window. The light was white and
and he stated he was "very frightened" by it. The field
outside the house was sparsely covered with dead corn
stalks, around the area of flying the approach of
corn field. The field is approximately 150 feet deep
and 200 yards wide. Stalks of corn would not block his
vision, but a small object in front could be the point
of the window as you look out partially happened vision.
After his view would not have happened vision once to
him view of the object as it was described to me. The field
is plowed by trees.

(2) [Redacted] looking through the window observed the
object at an elevation of about 25 degrees from the horizon toward the North-northwest. He first saw it near
the top of a tree nearby.

(3) (Observer said object was below the horizon about
minus 25 degrees which (out of) the window (foreground)
when it disappeared. "Means said to disappeared more
in apparent to be two to three yards in ground, at
this point the light went out. (See (6))

(4) That part into a straight line from his upper or what
to a point almost directly to the East of his point of
view. Object made no maneuver.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

2. (1) [Partially illegible text]
after the [illegible] first has too [illegible] to go out
of bed fell. He went to bed, but could not rest, so he
got up and went out into the field about midnight.
(Continued in 5th copy). The next morning (13
October), he went to the house of [blacked out]
[blacked out] Fort Garden, S.C., on his way back after
[illegible] around the area. He found a small object
in the 13th and scanning the area.

He saw a small object
about size of a marble, located in the sand. He
picked it up and a piece of clay with it. He put this
clay scratched a few inches into the soil like a
child to a marker. These objects were not compared
by a laboratory, but the "marble" is very light in weight.
It has no plastic content. It appears to be less or plastic
and has what appears to be a small hole. It was
easily accepted up with the "soil" is included. The ring
was about one inch deep in the soil when found, and the
marble was located 4-5 feet away, but visible.

Although subsequent examination may show the object to
be from a source unknown to the investigating officers, it
appears that the marble may be from a roll-on deodorant,
and the plug may be a washer lost, buried in the soil. A
pile of junk and garbage is scattered over a wide area
extending about 50-75 feet up the side of the hill from
the point where the object was found.

It was the opinion of the investigating officer ques-
tioning that no one in his home was a roll-on
deodorant and never has to his knowledge. It is pos-
sible that a prior resident did discard a small roll-on
applicator some time ago. The ball is a tan deodorant
applicator has the same appearance, and the same type
of material finds it.

3. It is the opinion of the investigating officer that the re-
ported UFO sighting was definitely an occurrence of a nat-
ural phenomenon. In this case the object being either a meteor
or the return from orbit of a satellite or a similar launch-
ing vehicle which burned up in a county. The Anthony
testimony is submitted in support of this conclusion.

(1) Capt. [blacked out] after interview with
officers of the 9th Air Squadron, Mitch Air, S.C., stat-
ed that about 1930 on 12 Oct 60, he was out in the
field studying a meteor. He was with [blacked out]
and [blacked out] were studying outside. [blacked out]
also, S.C., states the meteor sighting.
Closed with information that Capt. [blacked out] in
the object burned with various colors, etc.


- page 2 -

THIS CASE INCLUDES
A PHYSICAL SPECIMEN
IN SEPARATE ENVELOPE
AND A NEGATIVE 4X5 IN.


- page 3 -

This image appears to be a map of a city or town, with streets, blocks, and various subdivisions drawn in black and white. There are two black rectangular sections on the map, one near the top left and another near the bottom left. The map is bordered by a rectangular frame and shows a grid-like layout of streets and urban areas. However, no specific text is clearly legible on this map image.


- page 4 -

This image appears to be a map or street layout of a town or city, drawn in a light sketch or blueprint style. The map shows a grid of streets, intersections, and blocks, with varying sizes and shapes of city blocks. There are some curved and diagonal streets mixed in with the more typical rectangular street grid. The map seems to cover an urban area with multiple neighborhoods or districts. No text is legible on this map image.


- page 5 -

MAP OF
CITY OF AIKEN
AND VICINITY
WIEDEMAN AND SINGLETON
ENGINEERS
ATLANTA                GEORGIA

C. H. HUCKENRUSS
DIRECTOR OF PUBLIC WORKS
AIKEN, S.C.

(Horizontal scale bar is present but text is too small to read clearly)


- page 6 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

CAUTION
[Partially illegible text in the left caution box]

GREAT SMOKY MOUNTAINS
UNITED STATES
ONC 409
SCALE 1:1,000,000

At the bottom of the map, there are scale measurements in nautical miles and kilometers.

The map shows various geographical regions, with numbered grid sections (such as 82, 08, 81, 07, 05, 02), and includes locations like Savannah and multiple other towns and cities in what appears to be South Carolina and surrounding areas.


- page 7 -

OPERATIONAL NAVIGATION CHART

PUBLISHED BY THE AERONAUTICAL CHART AND INFORMATION CENTER
AIR INTELLIGENCE AND CHARTING AGENCY, USAF
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE (ACIC TR 102)

[The rest of the text is a map with various city and road names, including Atlanta, Athens, Washington, and others. There are grid numbers like 83, 84, 33, 32, and 08. A handwritten note "MR HOME" is partially visible on the right side of the map.]


- page 8 -

This image is a map showing various regions and cities, primarily focused on South Carolina and surrounding areas. The map includes:

Visible text:
- Latitude and longitude markings (86°, 85°, 84°)
- Nautical miles and statute miles scale at bottom
- "USAF OPERATIONAL" text at bottom right
- Various city and county names such as:
  - Phoenix City
  - Columbus
  - Atlanta
  - Sanders
  - Carrollton

The map appears to be a detailed topographical and road map with numerous roads, highways, and geographical features marked. Numbers are scattered across the map, likely indicating distances or grid references. The map seems to be part of a USAF (United States Air Force) operational document.


- page 9 -

Here is the text I can extract from the document:

CULTURE
Actual city outline
Town and village
Drainage (water courses)
(multilateraled)
Road location
Other roads
Railroads
Single track R. R.
Power transmission line
Intermetional

SYMBOLIZATION
NOTE: AREAS IN GRAY ARE
AERONAUTICAL
INFORMATION
Major aeronautical
Note: areas shown at 1:250,000 scale
Certain of relief information from
available sources
Major aerodrome
Not yet plotted
Of facilities available
Seaplane base

Vertical obstruction
Vertical obstruction one tower
Vertical obstruction with
height (black square indicates location)

The document appears to be a topographical map of an area in Alabama, showing cities like Birmingham and Montgomery, with various geographical and aeronautical information symbols on the left side of the page.

At the bottom right, there is an "Index to Adjoining Sheets" with sheet numbers 409, 410, and others.

The bottom left shows "CNC 409" which seems to be a map sheet identifier.


- page 10 -

Here is the text I can extract from the document:

ONC 409

LEGEND
RELIEF PORTRAYAL
Topographic base data compiled
from AMS 1:1,000,000 and 1:250,000
TERRAIN CHARACTERISTIC UNITS
Zones of unrelated relief

CONTOUR INTERVAL
1000 Feet with intermediate of
500 Feet
(1 Nautical mile approx at central
of 30° Nat)

SPOT ELEVATIONS
Examination and plotting position
maximum vertical error: 100
Feet. Horizontal accuracy: 1/50
Position Plotted, maximum probable error: 0.5mm
Approximate or doubtful location
are indicated by contour, or by
point factor (dot or "x")
Critical elevation: 8970
Horizontal datum: Sea level

MAXIMUM ELEVATION DATA
Maximum elevation figures corrected from National Mapping
Agency data. Elevations are
highest terrain elevations within
the quadrangle. Vertical error
may be significant, but do not
include variations on vertical
obstacles. A long type 1 error
can be expected. Note that in
mountainous areas, maximum
elevations may be lower than
actual peaks in relatively flat
areas.

CULTURE
Aerial city outline
Aerial road outline
Aerial railroad
Aerial transmission line
Aerial landmark

SYMBOLIZATION
See marginal notes on reverse

The document appears to be a topographical map with various technical details about terrain mapping and elevation data.


- page 11 -

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET

Location: Sweetwater, South Carolina
Date: 12 Oct 1960   Hour (G): 3900
WX Close: Obs. extended ceiling: Thunderstorm in Area
Description: Bright light low on the sky

Direction of Motion: E/SE - wide
Satellites: (AFOIN-453, Phone 6919) Observed

Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc.): Possible

Radar Analysis (AFOIN-453): No

Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc.):

Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc.:

Other:

Evaluation of Source Reliability: Positive Good

Analysis and Conclusions: The observation on the date concerned was that of the center passage of the "Pershing" time. Several witnesses such as covert in the middle ground observed that time. The plane which was observed by the investigator was a point size and quite possibly from a "zulu-100" observation.


- page 12 -

This image appears to be a map showing parts of the southeastern United States, including regions of Tennessee, Georgia, and surrounding states. The map contains numerous roads, city names, and grid lines. Some clearly visible city names include:

- Knoxville
- Chattanooga
- Atlanta

The map is divided into numbered grid sections (such as 36, 35, 34, etc.) and shows various roads and geographical features. The map is in black and white and appears to be an older topographical or road map.


- page 13 -

This image appears to be a map showing parts of the southeastern United States, including areas of Tennessee, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia. The map includes various cities and towns such as:

- Jefferson City
- Asheville
- Greenville
- Atlanta
- Columbia

The map contains numerous roads, county lines, and geographical features. Some notable numerical markings include 35, 68, 83, and 82°.

At the bottom right of the map, there is a handwritten notation that reads "Mt. WRIGHT'S HOME".

The map is a black and white topographical map with a detailed network of roads, rivers, and geographical boundaries.


- page 14 -

This image appears to be a road map of part of North and South Carolina, showing various cities and towns including:

Charlotte
Columbia
Spartanburg
Gastonia
Kannapolis

The map contains numerous road and highway lines connecting different locations, with various numbered regions or sections visible (such as 10, 08, 81, 35, 34). The map is in black and white and appears to be from an older document, with a somewhat faded and grainy appearance typical of mid-20th century maps.


- page 15 -

The witness mentioned the distance and the speed of the object ... it is not considered for these existing meters to have such strong evidence as it was observed. Mr. Wright was readily closer against in his belief that the object landed in the field when probably it descended over his horizon.


- page 16 -

HQTI FACT # 341-14-428
Located in ARTIFACT Room


- page 17 -

HEADQUARTERS
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio
AFCIN-4E3 (23 Oct 64)

SUBJECT: Report of Alleged Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) Sighting

TO: (Air Technical Intelligence Center (ATIC)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio
Information 322 Air Division (AMD) ATTN: 1st Lts Intelligence
Holloman AFB, New Mexico)

1. [Most of paragraph 1 is redacted/blacked out]

[The rest of the document appears to be partially redacted, with several paragraphs and sections having black lines covering text]

The bottom of the document shows three numbered points, also partially redacted:

(1) [Partially obscured text]
(2) [Partially obscured text]
(3) [Partially obscured text]

The document appears to be a standard military report form related to a UFO sighting, dated 23 October 1964, originating from Sweetwater, South Carolina (based on the filename).


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

up the sky and field outside his home.

(U) There was only one (1) object.

(S) N/A

(C) He could discern, though the fact that it appeared round that top solid.

(7) Observer said he saw no tail.

(8) Observer said he could see no sound as he watched the
object. N/A. He saw how it appeared to be somewhat round
the ground. He stopped the car and stepped out. He could
soon as 12 feet listen for an incoming, but he could hear
nothing.

(9) Yes, answer as previously to. (C) below.

(1) (C) Observer was sitting at his window facing the field
Richards to the radio. I briefly light up the sky
and the field outside. He window. The field was well
and he stated he was "very" confidential by it. The field
outside the house was sparsely covered with dead corn
stalks, ground flat and flying the perimeter of a
corn field. The field is approximately 150 feet deep
and 200 yards wide. Stalks of corn would not block his
vision, but a small graph has been used to give point
of the window as you look out partially hindered vision.
Ideal the view would not have hampered vision enough to
have view of the object as it was described to me. The field
is placed by trees.

(2) [Redacted] looking through the window observed the
object at an elevation of about 25 degrees from the horizon toward the North-northeast. He first saw it near
the top of a tree nearby.

(3) (Observer said object was below the horizon about
minus 25 degrees which (out of) the window (foreground)
when it disappeared. "Whereas" said in "disappeared"
is apparent to be a typographical error, at this point, at
this point the light went out. (See (6))

(4) That part into a straight line from his window
to a point almost directly to the East. (See (6))

Object made no maneuver.


- page 19 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(5) Object continued until a very bright light until
it came close to the ground. It then became stationary
a point about 100 yards above the ground. At this time
the object emitted a bright flash of "energy" as described, and then suddenly the light went out. It was
as if the object vanished a last trace or energy before
disappearing.

(6) Observer estimated the object was visible eight to
twelve seconds. He said object was not traveling very
swiftly. He estimated a speed of about 15 to 10 miles
per hour.

c. (1) Ground signal. No optical data noted.

d. (2) [Partially redacted text with blacked out sections]

(3) Dark until the object lit up the sky and the field.

e. (1) Observer was seated at window at northwest corner of his
house. Location is 33 degrees 30 minutes north, 81 degrees
58 minutes west. George will 10/12/59, Tuesday, 25 September, S.C. was contacted outside the claims plants
at 4 a.m. He does not may this outside.

f. (1) Dwelling
Name: [Redacted]
Mail: [Redacted]
Sweetwater, S.C.
Occupation: Farmer and handyman.

(7) Investigating officer estimate of reliability.
Observer is reportedly an illiterate farmer, unable to write
local persons intelligibly, but was coherent and seemed
still able from the investigator's opinion. He appeared as being very sincere and anxious to give
correct information. The chief is giving no credence
to the story. With all respect to the individual, he did
not seem convincing. The investigator did not place
too much weight to the story, but did note the individual
was quite willing, tense and somewhat at stake in the
object. The story has been recorded as received.


- page 20 -

The image appears to be a document with multiple sections of text redacted or blacked out. While some text is visible, much of the document is obscured by black rectangles. The visible text is partially legible but difficult to read completely due to the low contrast and image quality. Some numbered lines are visible at the bottom of the document, but the specific content cannot be confidently transcribed.


- page 21 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

2. (1) [partially illegible text]... of first has too witnessed to go out
into the yard and examine the area. He was ill and fell. He went to bed, but could not rest, so he
ask up and went out into the field about midnight.

(2) [partially obscured text] (October), he went to the house of [obscured]
[obscured] Fort Carson, Mo., on [illegible text]

Although subsequent examination may show the objects to
be from a natural source, no final identifying characteristics
appears that the object may be from a roll-on deodorant,
and the play may be a waiver leg, part of a toy soil.
The point of impact where the object was found was a wide area
extending about 50-75 feet up the side of the hill from
the point where the object was found.

It is the opinion of the investigating officer that the reported PO sighting was definitely in observance of a natural process. In this case the object being either a meteor
or the return from orbit of a satellite or a similar launched vehicle, which burned up in entry.

(1) Capt. [obscured text] interviewed witnesses of the 16th Air Squadron, [location obscured]

The document contains multiple sections with some text obscured or blacked out, and some text is partially illegible. The page appears to be discussing an investigation of an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting, with analysis suggesting the object might be a natural phenomenon like a meteor or satellite debris.


- page 22 -

