PROJECT 10 3 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
13 February, 1960

2. LOCATION
Rockledge, Florida

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1000 GMT 18/15 tec 2

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
X Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
X No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Given

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
six

9. COURSE
South

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Slow moving objects at great altitude heading southerly direction. Appeared to be in a "V" formation. Grill light white color.

11. COMMENTS
Probably birds.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
X Other: Birds
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)

- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

(Continued on page eight)

In The Sky, 
What Was It - 
Who Saw It?

"Up in the sky! It's a ..."
A half-dozen or so brilliantly-white objects — at apparently very high altitude — moving slow — so soon Wednesday morning —
that's the report.

The caller, a resident of Rockledge, who asked that her name not be used, said what she saw while driving south on the river road in Rockledge about 10 a. m. were definitely not planes. What they were was what she wanted to know.

What she wanted to know The Tribune could not tell her, so this announcement is by way of a query.

Did anyone else see the long, slender, south-moving objects yesterday morning? It so, give the paper a call. Our flying saucer file hasn't had an entry in quite a while.

"Whatzits"
Seen In Sky
Still Mystery

Two additional reports have been received concerning those "things" seen moving through the sky last Wednesday morning by a Rockledge resident.

The other reports, also from women, corroborated in general the first sighting... that is, the objects appeared brilliantly white, were moving generally south, and numbered about six.

One saw the objects from a point a bit south of the Merritt Island Post Office the other from the south River Drive, near where the Rockledge woman said she had seen the "white" "things" moving southward.

The Tribune has done a bit of checking, but still can offer no definite answer as to what the "unidentified flying objects" were. It was learned that a number of large balloons had been released several days previous to the sightings from Wallops Island, Va.

And some say such balloons become elongated when being carried at high altitude by a strong wind... but whatever heard of balloons flying in formation.

Our Cape Canaveral man says he's heard no reports of any such "things" flying south Wednesday ... or any other time.

So...?

- page 2 -

Major Roy E. Hawes,
Dear Sir:-

Because of the enclosed news item from the Orlando, Florida, Evening Star, I am enclosing, also, two from the Cocoa, Florida, Tribune.

I am the Rockledge resident who first reported the brightly white objects. I stopped my car to be sure-they were in motion and they shortly emerged from behind a road and side tree, so I assumed they were moving slowly. There was a slight hue formation and they could have been tubular as the longer sides appeared to be straight, so closely were the objects stacked against the cloudless blue sky.

Objective birds could not have been seen at that altitude. There was no noise and no jet trail.

Sincerely,
[Signature area is blacked out]
Rockledge, Florida
Feb. 18, 1960

- page 3 -

