PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
10 August 1960

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1600-1730 local
GMT 10/2100Z

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not reported

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Letter to FBI with newspaper article about UFO sighted by witness (see cable).

2. LOCATION
Cleveland, Ohio

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒ Ground-Visual
☐ Air-Visual
☐ Air-Intercept Radar

6. SOURCE
Civilian

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
ONE

11. COMMENTS
Insufficient data for evaluation. No investigation made due to delay in receipt of report.

9. COURSE
varied

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other
☒ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown


- page 1 -

Dec 16, 1960

Mr. J. Edgar Hoover
F.B.I. Director
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

I am writing in regard to an unidentifiable object that I saw near (text partially illegible) between 8:30 - 9:30 P.M.

Included you will find some of my impressions will explain some of this detail. I am asking your help, name or other details that will come through your office records.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

PAGE TWO—A    CLEVELAND CALL and POST    SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1960

CHURCHWOMAN STICKS TO STORY:

Saw 'Flying Saucer' Hover Over Home

BY BOB WILLIAMS

Here's a tale of flying saucers, unidentified flying objects, with a huge, odd-shaped object dropped from the sky to hover without a sound, over a point near Quincy Ave. and E. 83 St.

Before the summer was over, a woman who had seen an above, now suddenly whisked into the sky "with the speed of a missile" to disappear into the clouds.

Did it happen?

MARY ELIZABETH WILLIS, a sober-minded, rational woman, according to her pastor and closest associates, has been telling the tale since last summer. And although she has had plenty of attention, "They'd never believe me," she said in a Call & Post interview.

Miss Willis, 37, of 2678 E. 83 St., was told by her story to pastor, neighbors, and reported it officially to local Air Force headquarters, radio stations, television stations, and newspapers, and they laugh at me.

Yet it happened, and I have a witness.

ANDREW MEHLVIE, a RCA TV-radio road technician who Miss Willis says visited her home on "a routine call" last August 10, backs up her story. "I didn't know him. He came to repair my companion radio-television record-player, and that was our first contact."

"I have forgotten it long ago," admits Miss Willis. "But this radio technician walked upon the scene to my home, looked up, saw something happening out here", and I rushed out to see the porch.

"I ran off the steps, and I was back again in a matter of moments. I wouldn't believe what I was seeing."

There in a hazy, crazy angle in the sky, no sound, no windows, no portholes or openings that might have been windows.

GOT A LONG BLACK, cone-like aperture that shot out in front of the craft. Or what? Over you call it. The black thing was just beyond my back yard.

"Before we could catch our breath, it suddenly was gone into the sky, swirling and silent-like, just as quickly as it came."

As it reached the heavy clouds overhead the thing seemed to ease down, and then hover for another long minute, then gradually disappear itself into light blue that blended with the sky light.

"But CARE who doesn't believe me, it happened, and that man stood right there with me staring up at it," declares Miss Willis.

Miss Willis can't explain because it had what could have been four huge motor-like structures in the front across what would be the wing span of a conventional jet engine.

"But there was no sound as it moved, and no noise as it swung like a bullet into the sky."

Did it happen?

"I wouldn't care about it except that people who should know about such an aircraft," whether its foreign, friendly or not, and what its mission was.

"I know it was in very good shape, in a military way," but "I know, Lord help us," asserted Miss Willis.

SAUCER?—Mary Elizabeth Willis (pictured) she spotted last August 10 for her pastor, Rev. Luther F. Hill, of Second Mt. Sinai Baptist Church. With Miss Willis is a veteran choir member and her, Gloria, 16, Junior at John Adams High School looks on. (Photo by Williams)

MISS WILLIS says the radio technician has been interviewed about the unidentified object, but he was unwilling to let his name be used. "I could see nobody was willing to believe it."

Call & Post efforts to reach him this week were futile, trying to get someone to listen to me.

CUCE


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

...to investigate it.
"I believe me, this no play
thing. He shouted to me, and I
came outside, and looked, and
there it was."
MISS WILMA has been a seam-
stress at Gofried Co. for several
years and has worked steadily
in Cleveland since 1943.
She owns her own home, does
not drink or smoke, and attends
church regularly. She has at-
tended Second Mt. Sinai Baptist
Church and has been active
there for 14 years, sings in the
church choir.
The Rev. Luther Hill, pastor,
finds her the sober-minded, ra-
tional type woman she appears
to be, even when telling her 'tale
of the thing—the unidentified fly-
ing object that fell from the sky
and hovered in midair over the
backyard of her home at 2676 E.
93 St.


- page 4 -

SAF01-34/Lu       Tacker/mbb/72291

16 December 1960

Dear Mrs. [redacted]

Your letter of 10 December 1960 addressed to the FBI concerning unidentified flying objects has been referred to this office.

For your information I am enclosing the latest Department of Defense fact sheet on this subject. It clearly states the Air Force's and the Department of Defense's position in regard to this subject.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Inclosure

Mrs. [redacted]
Cleveland, Ohio

Comeback 01-34
Reader 01-1


- page 5 -

