PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
Oct 60

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local    11pm
GMT

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes   ■ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
---

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Photos submitted were attempts to photograph
the moon.

2. LOCATION
Northern Ohio

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
□ Ground-Visual   □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual      □ Air-Intercept Radar

6. SOURCE
Civilian

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
---

9. COURSE
---

11. COMMENTS
Witness submitted photographs for analysis,
and it was determined only that the images
were of point sources of light. The exact
nature of the light sources was not
determined as the information recorded
concerning the photographs was too
limited to allow such a determination.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
■ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

Name/Title: My friend
Organization: 4E2X

Handwritten note:
"Bob- This my affect is a sighting report hand. Believe you should handle it. Note last paragraph."

Bottom section:
Name/Title: Ted Hirata
Organization: AFCIN-4X3
Date: Banaly
Telephone: 16/963

The document is a memo routing slip with some handwritten notes. The form appears to be a standard military/government inter-office communication form.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Letterhead and address details are blacked out]

Dear Sir:

An Air Force investigator will visit you concerning your recent sighting. Please have his registries and prints available. The investigator will be returned later.

Sincerely,

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Documents

[There is a stamped/printed routing slip on the right side of the document, but the text is not clearly legible]


- page 3 -

AKRON 10, OHIO

AMT 43

February 23, 1951

Air Force Publications
Publications Division
Department of the Air Force
Pentagon Building
Washington 25, D.C. (My goodness, what an address!)

Gentlemen:

A little over a month ago I ordered a few publications from the Division of Public Documents—concerning UFO's, etc.—at the same time inquiring about any information on UFO's. Since they had nothing on the UFO's they referred me to your office.

I am greatly concerned because of having seen a strange object some time ago—feeling certain that this was no known earthcraft (since I had lived very near an airport most of my life!)

Also, I have some photos (taken quite recently by a friend) which have puzzled us very much. They were taken of the moon alone, and when developed, strange objects and lights appeared on the negatives, and so on the finished photos.

The camera has been scrutinized by experts. The conditions under which these photos were taken are indicative—and we have positive proof that the negatives were not retouched!

These objects are not meteors—they are "things" in flight going around and to the moon!

This is no hoax, and we sincerely wish to know whom to contact or what to do. Is this important information to our government? Please let us know as we are greatly concerned.

Sincerely,

[Signature redacted]


- page 4 -

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFCIN-4b2x

SUBJECT: Request for Photoanalysis                                    20 March 1961

TO: AFCIN-4b4a

1. It is requested that an analysis be made of the attached photo-
graphic prints and negatives to determine the nature of the images.

2. The following information about the camera is the extent known at
this time:

    a. Kodak, with bellows, and is around 20 years old.
    b. Shutter speed - 6 - 8 seconds.
    c. "T" stop - F11

3. It is requested that the negatives and prints be forwarded to be
upon completion of the analysis in order that they may be returned to
the witness.

[Signature]
PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-4b9

1 Atch
Envelope containing photo
prints and negatives

1st Ind (AFCIN-4b2a)                                                 24 April 1961

TO: AFCIN-4b2x

1. Source is reported to have implied that these photos
are the results of his attempt to photograph the moon.
The interviewer states that the camera had a focal length
of approximately 4 to 5 inches. The 3/4 inch diameter
lens opening on the negative could not be that of the
moon unless it was taken with a lens of approximately
6.5 foot focal long. There could be many possible
explanations for this image. For example it might be
explained as a view of a back-lighted circular opening.


- page 5 -

2. The random traces appearing on all of the negatives probably were caused by a small concentrated light-source (or possibly a highly reflective object) moving about in relation to the lens and in the field of view.

[Signature]
Chief, ATIC-ADJ
n/c


- page 6 -

AFCIN-3A/Maj Friend/vr/69216

UFO Photographs

Hubbard Wells, Ohio

Dear Mr.

The photographs of an unidentified object which you loaned to the Air Force have been analyzed. The random traces within space on all of the negatives were probably caused by a small concentrated light-source moving about in relation to the lens and in the field of view.

The 3/4" diameter image which appears on the negatives could not possibly be that of the moon unless it was taken with a lens of approximately 6.6 focal length. This image could be that of a back-lighted circular opening. It is possible that the company which processed the film mixed the rolls and returned the wrong set to you or that you mistakenly sent a roll of film which you had taken of some other object rather than the pictures which you had taken of the moon.

The prints and negatives which you loaned to the Air Force are being returned with this letter. The Air Force thanks you for your interest and cooperation in this case.

Sincerely,

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Intelligence
and Comptroller

COORDINATION: AFCIN-43 ________________ DATE 12 MAY 61
                 Maj Robert J. Friary

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
4E

12 MAY 1961

1 Atch
Prints & Negatives a/a


- page 7 -

