PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
23 Jun 60

2. LOCATION
Crossett, Arkansas

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2015
GMT 24/0852

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 sec

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
descending

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object that appeared to be a full moon behind a layer of haze, and after about five sec it disappeared behind some trees.

11. COMMENTS
The witness gave very little information. However, description is similar to that of a meteor. Related to other meteor sightings in Louisiana.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical Meteor
☒ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other:
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)

- page 1 -

Crossett, Arkansas
June 25, 1960

Air Tactical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

In this morning's "Arkansas Gazette" I saw the reporting of the sighting of a brilliant object in the sky over the Gulf of Mexico Thursday night by an Air Force plane. The article said it may have been a meteor, but that a routine "unidentified flying object" report had been sent to your office.

Hoping to add a little to your information, I would like to report that on that night, June 23, between eight-fifteen and eight-thirty I saw a strange object in the southern sky, moving at great speed from west to east. I was at a baseball game, using night glasses, and being bored with the game, and hearing the sound of jet engines, I looked skyward with the glasses to try to see the plane. I do not mean that I connect the engine sounds with the UFO, but only that that is why I was looking into the sky with the binoculars. I could not see the plane, but instead saw what seemed to be a full moon behind a layer of haze. I followed it for about five seconds with the binoculars, and it then was out of sight behind trees, and I did not see it again.

I cannot say that the object was brilliant, but perhaps the brightly-lighted baseball field kept the object from appearing so bright as it might have been. I was in a dark area. I compared the brilliance of the stars soon after the sighting, and they, too, were much less bright to my eye, indicating that the object could have been brilliant in a darker location.

I hope this information has been a help to you; knowing from my work in the Ground Observer Corps that every little bit of information pieced together adds up to a picture, I submit it to you as a true and unvarnished statement.

Yours very truly,
(Mrs.)

- page 2 -

