Dear Sirs:

After upon read this report you may think it strange that I have not said anything on reported sighting of a cigar shaped object, but when I saw it I had never heard of UFO's or flying saucers and I thought the "cigar" was a new type of plane and did not say anything to my first wife and because I did not think it was that important so I didn't call it to my friends attention.

Sincerely,

P.S. I have a friend who has lived in the area of New York while he was living when he made sighting. He would like you to send him a few lines I am sending to you. This man is over 60 yrs


- page 1 -

The image appears to be a blank or nearly blank page. There is very little discernible text, with only a faint "-C" visible in the top left corner of the page. The rest of the page is a uniform gray color with some minor specks and imperfections typical of an old scanned document.


- page 2 -

Here is the text I can discern from the image:

1st Station
5 hours

OCEAN

Figures shot
from base
1st

A C H
[Remaining text is illegible or too faint to read clearly]


- page 3 -

Major Conkey, AFC 1064A2 stated that recovery of the object alleged to have fallen in Pensacola Bay had been canceled due to excessive funds required.


- page 4 -

FLYING CENTER
PENSACOLA, FLORIDA                                                 SRD-32-7(a)

PREPARATION

1. This investigation is predicated on a telephonic request of 25 Jul
1960 by Colonel William VAN METER, Rare Space Technical Intelligence
Center, Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, requesting the aid
of Resident Agents Office, Pensacola, Fla., in attempting to identify and
recover an object reportedly seen by two civilians, Messrs. Clarence Fla-
herty and ________, and described as a serenading, red hot, bubbling object that fell
into the waters of the Pensacola (Fla.) Bay at approximately 0345 about
the 15th of Jul 1960. All facts were reported to District Intelligence
Officer, SIXTH. Naval District, who directed Special Agents Curtis Inquir-
gation was conducted by Special Agents ________, Jr. and ________.

DETAILS

2. Special Agents of NAC-Pensacola, Fla., identified ________ at Pensacola,
Fla. on 25 Jul 1960. Few additional facts were added. Individual originally re-
ported by Colonel VAN METER, who is believed fairly reliable, was de-
clared that a Naval officer, ________ from his station elsewhere, who
was visiting the area, was the original individual to whom the report was
first made. Individual stated that on the night in question, he was on
board near ________ to his quarters. He related that at approximately
0345, about 15 Jul 1960, he was in ________ near the of the Pensacola
Bay. To the North Bridge, U.S. Highway 98, and east of the Pensacola Pier,
when he sighted a red hot object, which appeared to be three feet in
diameter, falling straight from the heavens into the waters of the Bay.
He said the object, upon entering the water, smoldered three distinct
shades to the hull of his craft. He could not determine the exact type
object was red hot, but could contribute nothing further to help in identi-
fying it. He added he had taken a bearing of the approximate spot the
object entered the water and felt he could come within about 300 feet of
that spot in any future attempt to locate the object. (Appendix (1)) Ap-
parently docking, and further intimated some of the crews were probably
intoxicated. He remarked he later understood that a man by the name of
________ a charter boat captain, had seen the object from across the Bay, a
distance estimated as possibly seven miles.

2

- page 5 -

FLYING OBJECT
PENSACOLA, FLORIDA                                                  SND-30-7(s)

4. [Partially redacted text] was reinterviewed on the subsequent occasion, but could add nothing further to the information he originally furnished.

4. On 26 Jul 1960, CIGT M. S. DALONG, Commanding Officer, NAS-Pensacola, FLA, was briefed on the foregoing information and alerted his Boat Division Officer, on the knowledge to have an attempt to locate the object in charge of Navy active divers. On 27 Jul 1960, 1654 RUNNER, CO of the latter's estimated place of entry into the bay, summoned during search in area of entry, a boat was conducted with limited personnel and proved unsuccessful.

5. On 9 Aug 1960, the charter boat certain mentioned herein as having been the object was fully identified as [redacted]. The witness, [redacted], was interviewed that same day and told of the toll bridge between U. S. Highway 98 and NAS Pensacola. He could not fix the exact date on which he sighted the unidentified object, but was certain it was sometime in July, a period as had last been in just Pensacola harbor. By attached sketch, he showed approximate area of sighting which is on Highway 98, and was approximately a half mile beyond the west approach of the bridge.

[Rest of the text continues but contains multiple redactions]

The page is numbered "3" at the bottom right.

- page 6 -

FLYING OBJECT
PENSACOLA, FLORIDA                                                 GRD-504-76(a)

[Partially redacted text, but readable portions include:]

... realized that he saw a short distance into the road and pulled into a Standard Oil Station (see encl. (1)). Upon this sight attendant asked him if he had seen two previously described objects. In reply he mentioned sighting and were in agreement on the appearance of the object.

... share his data is scored, he encountered an individual, who was one of his charter party, and this person questioned him as to what he had also seen as unidentified object in the sky. Captain ... does not recall the name of this individual.

6. On 9 Aug 1960, the filling station attendant at the Standard Oil Station on U. S. Highway 98 (see encl. (1)) was identified as [redacted]

[Mailing address is partially redacted]

... operator of this station was able and willing and volunteered information from 1900 to 0700 and in the long statement, recalled to recall that on about 15 Jul 1960 during the middle of July, about 0230, while he was waiting the islands were very calm, on road on the west calling straight from his sky walk getting a bright orange glow, beginning to rise just above the horizon...

[Further text is partially obscured or redacted]

7. On 10 Aug 1960, [partially redacted] at Gulf Breeze, Fla. (see encl. (1)) was identified as the same man who observed a quarter of a mile west of Pensacola Bay Bridge, who recalled fighting on object on the morning of 15 Jul 1960. Reportedly, part of his brother from Mississippi was visiting his area that day. He was greeted by the sight of an object that was hazy red.

[Page number at bottom: 4]

- page 7 -

FLYING OBJECT
PENSACOLA, FLA.                                                  (CD-3-7(8))

and about the size of a basketball, gliding white light downward from the sky. He related that the object disappeared behind the trees and adjacent houses and shortly thereafter, he heard an explosion much nearer to him.

- dramatic lighting, of course. He said he was out place that exploded and then discounted the thought, said to the members of the office. Mr. Newcomb described the object as a glare, but he could not recall any other distinguishing features of the object. He added that when he reached the fishing pier on Pensacola Beach, two or three other fishermen, names unknown, asked him if he had seen the prior object, and upon comparing notes, all were in agreement with what he described as clearly seen.

Pensacola, Fla. was advised of additional confirmation regarding the object, and as a result of a conference with the Commanding Officer, Nueces Base, and Lt. Boatright, District Intelligence Officer, arrangements were promptly made to bring in Ordinance Disposal that No. 2 Fire Platoon Base, Pensacola, to search the area and major part of the shoreline last station Unit, Radar City, Fla. for further evidence to search of the Pensacola Bay area in an attempt to locate and identify the object.

ADMINISTRATIVE NOTE: SIGNED is requested to advise the Saucer Space Center, Dayton, Ohio of the results of this investigation to date.

Page 5

- page 8 -

Text found in the document:

THAT AREA ACCORDING TO
STANDARD SERVICE STATION

RESIDENCE

NAVAL AIR
STATION

PENSACOLA BAY

GULF OF MEXICO

GRAPHIC SCALE
5 4 3 2 1 0
MILES

Note: Some text appears to be redacted/blacked out in the first section of the document.

The image is a hand-drawn map of the Pensacola Bay area in Florida, showing the Gulf of Mexico, Naval Air Station, and other local landmarks with a graphic scale at the bottom.

- page 9 -

FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.3 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight-pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry, mist, or light rain
b. Moderate or heavy rain
c. Snow
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared:(Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharp or distinct
d. Don't remember

e. Other:

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change shape?
f. Change size?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know

- page 10 -

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in conclusion, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
? July 1960
(Day)   (Month)   (Year)

2. Time of day: 11 00
           (Hours)  (Minutes)
(Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern
                           b. Central
                           c. Mountain
                           d. Pacific
                           e. Other

(Circle One) a. Daylight Saving
              b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
MILLER        ILLINOIS COOK
(City or Town)           (State or County)

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
   (Circle)   a. Certain   b. Not very sure
   Fairly certain          c. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Approximate guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ✓ No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   (Circle One) DAY    NIGHT
               a. Bright   a. Bright
               b. Cloudy   b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
              b. Behind you        e. Don't remember
              c. Overhead

FTD FORM     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.
OCT 64 164


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Lt Hones 32 ADV DOBBINS AFB
Dir of Intel 448461 ext 316
(Comdr Mtg Ltr ext 304)

0415-CST 13 JUL 60
F1 8MM S.10 OBJ. at 3000; OLA
to SFC sighted in Pensacola Bay, Fla
Size 2½ - 3" dia, length unknown
Sighted but was not positively smoke
observer could contact
thru Navy Liaison office until ngt 7/13/60
Pensacola, Fla.


- page 12 -

UFO form continued

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?_______

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object went?
(Circle One)     Yes     No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it went?    ALMOST STRAIT UP

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)_______
e. At sea
f. Other:_______

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other:_______

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           d. East           g. South           j. West
b. Northeast       e. Southeast      h. Southwest       k. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving?_______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses         Yes   No
b. Sun glasses        Yes   No
c. Windshield         Yes   No
d. Window glass       Yes   No

f. Binoculars         Yes   No
g. Telescope          Yes   No
h. Theodolite         Yes   No
i. Other:_______

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object with, when placed up in the sky, would give some appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten text appears to read: "Jell Cigar, maybe 2 units length"]


- page 13 -

Official U.S. Air Force

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
    no

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound:   no sound at all
    b. Color:   silver or metallic

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
    1/7

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially calculate or vapor trail. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch shows an oval/elliptical shape with compass directions (N, S, E, W) and an arrow indicating movement direction]


- page 14 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 1 APR 1967
    (Day)  (Month)  (Year)

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[The rest of the page appears to be mostly blank with some faint markings or smudges]


- page 15 -

Text found in the image:

UFO form continued

Page 6

Some text appears to be present but is largely illegible due to poor image quality and faintness of the writing.


- page 16 -

Official U.S. Air Force

Page 3

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it. Place a "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document contains diagrams and instructions for reporting UFO sightings, with spaces for drawing the object's path, height, and arrangement.


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO form continued                                                Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please fill in the following information about yourself:
NAME:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


- page 18 -

Dear Sirs:

After upon read this report you may think it strange that I have not said anything on reported sighting of a cigar shaped object, but when I saw it I had never heard of UFO's or flying saucers and I thought the "cigar" was a new type of plane and did not say anything to my first wife and because I did not think it was that important so I didn't call it to my friends attention.

Sincerely,

P.S. I have a friend who has lived in the area of New York while he was living when he was busy making sightings. He would like you to send him a few like I am sending to you. This man is (overy)


- page 19 -

The text on the page reads:

Dep Blaine, Illinois

The rest of the page is blank with lined paper. There is a black redaction bar at the top of the document.


- page 20 -

No Case (Information Only)                                July 1960
                                                                    Sheep Rock Mountain
                                                                    Coeburn, Virginia

[The rest of the text is partially illegible, but appears to read approximately:]

[Lights at Sheep Rock Mountain, near Coeburn, Virginia] ...The unidentified
[text continues but is partially obscured] who were back in the news
[with a] last [year] were [partially illegible text] ...in many of the late
[text continues but is difficult to fully make out] ...objects, but
[additional text is difficult to fully discern]

The bottom paragraph appears to continue discussing some event or sighting at Sheep Rock Mountain, but significant portions of the text are too faint or blurry to confidently transcribe in full.


- page 21 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                1 July 1960
                                                                                    Montpelier, Idaho

.....A nicely detailed sighting made last July 1st is reaching us only now, almost a year later. The object was seen by several people near Montpelier, Idaho. It was bright, silver colored, and appeared to be made of highly polished metal having the shape of two dinner plates face to face. One of the sighters estimated that it had a diameter of 135 feet, and was 14 feet through the center. Five transparent bubbles projected from the bottom. The object was viewed from a distance of only about 400 feet, and was seen to descend to a height of 50 feet above the ground. It then suddenly ascended and took off at tremendous speed. There was no evidence of jets, rocket exhaust, propellers, fumes, or smoke, and no sound was heard....


- page 22 -

(1830z 1700 2100 17 July 66)
over 5: Pacific


- page 23 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Aerial Phenomena Research Organization
4407 E. Linden
TUCSON, ARIZONA

17 October 1960

Lawrence J. Tacker, Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Department of the Air Force
Washington, D. C.

Dear Sir:

I am writing again in regard to the UFO residuals which have been discussed in previous correspondence (see my letter dated 9 March 1960) which you answered 14 March 1960)

We have delayed sending this material to A. T. I. C. for several reasons. We feel for one thing that Air Force analysts should have an opportunity to study the complete history of the material before attempting tests of their own.

A complete report of this type has been prepared for some time but we have encountered problems in getting it published. These problems appear at present to have been resolved and copies will be forwarded to your office and to A.T.I.C. as soon as possible.

For reasons not entirely clear, you have chosen to withhold comment on our suggestion that the proposed tests be performed by an independent testing agency under the cognizance of USAF and APRO representatives.

I urge the sincere consideration of this procedure for this reason: The accusations of Donald Keyhoe together with certain grave inconsistencies between fact and Air Force public information releases has resulted in a loss of public confidence which frankly speaking is shared by APRO. The procedure we recommend would eliminate any basis for suspicion concerning test results by demonstrating the good faith of all parties concerned.

I would also like to inquire whether or not the Air Force has reached any official conclusions concerning the following listed cases and, if so, what these conclusions are:

(1) The case at Red Bluff, California, August 13, 1960, involving Sgts. Scott and Carson and Jailer Clarence Fry (simultaneous viewing from two locations provided range and altitude data).

(2) The incident near Boulder, Colorado (in Left Hand Canyon) on 11 August 1960 involving Ray Hawks, He stated "saucer" "repaired itself" in mid-air, caused engine of his tractor to stop and described emotional reactions symptomatic of Gamma radiation.

(3) The case at Leefe, Wyoming involving five employees of the San Francisco Chemical Company who described a UFO hovering as if to land on a slag dump on July 1, 1960.

Sincerely Yours,
Coral E. Lorenzen
Director


- page 24 -

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFCIN-4582x

SUBJECT: Information Request, UFO (W[illegible])

TO: SAFOI-3d (L/Col Tacker)

1. Reference attached copy of a letter to Department of the Air Force from Mrs[illegible] dated 17 October 1960.

The Red Bluff, California sighting was probably due to the refraction of common objects. Weather data reveals that there were temperature inversions throughout the general area during the period of the sighting. While the actual object responsible for each sighting cannot be determined, it is highly probable that the UFO seen by the highway patrol officers was the planet Mars.

The ATIC Files do not contain any reports of sightings occurring at Boulder, Colorado, 11 August 1960, or at Leefe, Wyoming, 1 July 1960.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
NICHOLAS POST
Acting Deputy
Science and Components

1 Atch
Cy Air 17 Oct 60 fr
Director, ATIC


- page 25 -

SAF01-34/Lt Col Tucker/mbb/72291

4 November 1960

Dear Mrs.

This is to acknowledge your letter of 17 October 1960 concerning the possible UFO residuals that your organization claims to possess. We will, of course, be most interested in examining this material and any report or reports in connection with this finding.

The Air Force has not withheld comment on your suggestion that proposed outside tests be performed by an independent testing agency and I suggest that you do just this with some responsible laboratory. We will be interested in the results and, of course, would like to check this material ourselves at the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center.

The Red Bluff, California sighting was probably due to the refraction of common objects. Weather data reveals that there were completely universal unique atmospheric conditions during the period of the sightings. While the actual object responsible for each sighting cannot be determined, it is highly probable that the UFO seen by the highway patrol of this area was the planet Venus.

The ATIC files do not contain any reports of sightings occurring at Boulder, Colorado, 11 August 1960, or at Leefe, Wyoming on 1 July, 1960.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TUCKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Tucson, Arizona

Comeback 01-34
Reader 01-1


- page 26 -

No Case (Information Only)                                2 July 1960
                                                        Maiquetia, Venezuela

Source: UFO Investigator   Jul-Aug 1960

July 2: Maiquetia, Venezuela— The crew of a Venezuelan airline Super Constellation with crew arrived in the morning from Spain, announced that their plane had been followed for nearly minutes by a strange lighted UFO. The UFO was first noted at 1:20 a.m. while the plane was at 16,000 feet. A few hours later from the airport. After paralleling the plane for twenty minutes, the UFO suddenly sped away at a terrific speed, the pilot told newsmen.


- page 27 -

No Case (Information Only)

2 July 1960
Milwaukee, Wisconsin


- page 28 -

The image appears to be a blank or nearly blank page. There is very little discernible text, with only a faint "-C" visible in the top left corner of the page. The rest of the page is a uniform gray color with some minor specks and imperfections typical of an old scanned document.


- page 29 -

No Case (Information Only)                2 July 1960
                                                    Illinois

early morning hours of July 2nd [redacted] and three other occupants of this
automobile had an extremely frightening experience while driving through Illi-
nois. Suddenly the whole sky lit up with a blue light, and according to the
witness, it became dark as bright as day. There was a streak like a ball of
flame came out of the south and passed right over their car. It had a tail
like a streak of old lightning behind it. The atmosphere grew so hot that the
people in the car could hardly breathe. Then gradually the light faded, and
the UFO disappeared toward the north.


- page 30 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

HEADQUARTERS TIMES OF AUGUST

[The rest of the first line is illegible]

[Several paragraphs of text are present, but most are partially illegible. I can make out fragments such as:]

David Darrell, 58, at 1745 N [rest illegible]

The family was Tennessee located [partial text]

"The sky lit up with a beautiful blue [partial text]

[The document appears to be a typewritten report with significant portions that are difficult to read due to image quality and scanning artifacts]


- page 31 -

Here is the text from the document:

(INFORMATION ONLY)

5 Jul 1960
Bs. Julio, Puerto Rico

STRANGE SAUCER

On July 7, 1960, at 3:18 A.M., I
observed from the terrace of my
residence, which faces east, a white
form moving in the sky. This form
was circular and which and many
times bigger than the biggest star
in sight. It was not bright nor did
it have clearly defined borders like
a circle drawn on paper. It can be
compared with a thin powder puff.
Focusing on it with a small telescope
I saw something like shafts of light
emerging from a center or core.

I called my wife who was sleeping and she also saw this form
moving in the sky.

It was not an airplane, nor a
star or planet, nor the reflection of
a searchlight. The night was clear
and the stars were visible. I live
in a place where the residences have
big lots and it is quiet and peaceful.

The form was at an approximate
angle of 40 degrees from the horizontal plane and was moving slowly at approximately 40 degrees from
the vertical—so the southeast. It
faded gradually and disappeared
completely at 3:24 A.M.

I am an attorney at law, also a
pharmacist, and when I was discharged from the army I had the
rank of captain. These remarks are
made only to demonstrate that I
have some training in observation
and objective analysis. — A. L. Garcia Martinez, San Juan, Puerto Rico.


- page 32 -

4 July 1960
To: Capt. Only

TDEV/UFO                                                16 January 1967

Possible UFO Sightings, 4 July 1961

USAF (SAVOICE)

Reference the attached letter from Mrs. [redacted] in which she requests information on unidentified flying objects.

Attachment the 1st proposed reply.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JAMES C. MAWAT, Colonel, USAF                           2 Atchs
Director of Technology and Subsystems                   1. Ltr, Mrs. [redacted] 25 Nov 66
                                                        2. Proposed Reply


- page 33 -

NBR 6952                   15 AUG 60
ROUTINE

FM COM 6 CHARLESTON S CAR           122125Z
TO NAVMINDELLAB PANSITY FLA
INFO NAVINT OFFICE PNCLA
NAS PNCLA
ATIC WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB
CNO

OBJECT FALL INTO PENSACOLA BAY 15 JUL. OBJECT SIZE ESTIMATED 3 FT.
SIGHTING CONFIRMED BY OTHER SOURCES. OBJECT IN 26 TO 30 FT WATER
APPROX 1 MILE SOUTH OF PENSACOLA, BOTTOM 2 TO 3 FT SOFT MUD, VIS
6 IN TO 1 FT. SEARCH BY NAS PENSACOLA NEG TO DATE. ATIC WPAFB OHIO HAS
PRIME INTEREST IN RECOVERY FOR INTELL PURPOSES. CONTACT ONI REP AND
NAS PENSACOLA OPS OFF FOR ADDITIONAL INFO. REQUEST YOU RENDER ALL
POSSIBLE ASSISTANCE IN SEARCH
BT
13/10307


- page 34 -

Proposed Reply to letter from Mrs[REDACTED], 28 November 1966

Dear Mr[REDACTED],

Please excuse the delay in answering your letter of 28 November in which you requested information on unidentified flying objects.

A check of the case files at Wright-Patterson AFB reveals that no UFO sighting was reported to the Air Force on 4 July 1961 from the state of Massachusetts.

[Handwritten note at bottom appears to read: 7 Danby Rd, Framingham, Mass.]


- page 35 -

4/July/60 Revere Beach, Mass.                                                To: Gen. Sgl. Only

TDETR /Maj H Quintanilla, Jr/70916/mhs/14 Sep 66
UFO Sighting, 4 July 1960, Revere Beach, Massachusetts

SEP 19 1968

Hq USAF (SAFOISC)

Reference the attached letter from Mrs. _______ requesting information on an observation which she made on 4 July 1960. The following is a suggested reply.

a. Dear Mrs. ________:

Reference your recent letter regarding an observation which you made on 4 July 1960 at Revere Beach, Massachusetts. A check of the files reveals that no sightings were reported to the Air Force on or about 4 July 1960 from your area.

Because of the lapse of time in reporting your observation, a comprehensive investigation at this time is impossible. Your sighting will be filed for information purposes.

FOR THE COMMANDER

WARREN S. WHEELER, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
Ltr, Mrs. ________
23 Aug 66

COORDINATION:
TDETR/MAJ H QUINTANILLA, JR                 DATE 14 Sep 66
TDET                                         DATE 15 Sep 66


- page 36 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

August 27, 1960

Headquarters, ATIC
WPAFB, Ohio

ATIC, 609 Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen:

SUBJ: UFO Sighting Around July 4, 1960, Revere Beach, Mass.

After six years, you are probably wondering why I finally decided
to report my sighting. Curiosity, time, and courage to write are
my answers. I am now a married mother of one child, and I was in
the library the other day and decided to obtain a book on UFO's.
I think the title was something like, "The Air Force and UFO's"
by Lt. Col. Talbert (not sure of author's correct name). In that
book, I noticed that most letters from civilians are answered, even
a few that border the ridiculous.

Could you please tell me whether anyone reported this sighting and
whether it has been explained or not. Approximately 1,000 people
might have been watching the same Fourth of July fireworks and seen
the same thing. Here is my story.

The Fourth of July Fireworks were held within a few days XXXXX
of the 4th, 1960. My then boyfriend XXXXX of Salem, Mass. (have
not seen for five years) and myself were parked along the beach
waiting for the fireworks to begin at about 10:00 p.m. About 9:45 p.m.

(OVER)


- page 37 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

2.

I noticed an orange disk in the sky a little west of center of car. (Diagram to follow) I mentioned it to Bob and he said he had been watching it for 10 minutes and didn't tell me. The fireworks were about an hour late, not starting until around 11:00 p.m. We then continued to watch this object which was not moving. XXXXXX put his head out the window to make sure it wasn't a reflection. We ruled out the moon for reasons I can't remember now. We watched it for about another twenty minutes before it moved swiftly down closer to the ocean where we noticed a reflection in the water of the orange disk above. It was hard to tell how low to the water it was or how big because it was out some distance.

Then about 10:45 p.m. that we first saw it move. About ten minutes later we spotted another disk move to the right of the one we had been watching. In the second disk could not XXXX be seen. An sky entirely became about half was filled by the first disk. We watched about another 20 minutes before we saw them move off in the distance, and when they were leaving we noticed that there were then XXXX. The fireworks display came about twenty minutes later and they were way off to the right of the car and currently had nothing to do with what we saw. Then I said they seemed away, that was an understatement - they went like lightning. Pensacola Beach, Miss. is an amusement park, but they were way to the right of the car and also had no real-acting bearing on what we saw.

Please could you answer me and tell me whether there is any explanation for this sighting, because it took a lot of courage to tell it.

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 38 -

Here is the text I can discern from the image:

1st Station
5 Hours

OCEAN

Figures shot
from base
1st

A C H
[Remaining text is partially illegible or too faint to read clearly]


- page 39 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   10 July 1960
                                                                       Troy, New York

On July 16th a UFO was reported to have crashed in a mountain area near Troy, New York. To object was reported by several people shortly before it crashed. They described it as dark in shape and red and white in color. The AF investigated about to the record it. Some distance from the witnesses, some terrain was rough and rocky. The object as it crashed was seen. A search by local authorities failed to locate the exact site of the crash.


- page 40 -

16 - 31 JULY 1960 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                   OBSERVER    EVALUATION

16      Chico, California           [redacted]  Insufficient Data
16      Syosset, New York           [redacted]  Insufficient Data
16      Devils Lake, North Dakota   [redacted]  Insufficient Data
16-20   West Babylon, New York      CA SE MISSING   Balloon
18      Shebahan, Iran              [redacted]  Astro (METEOR)
18      Mineral Wells, Texas        [redacted]  Insufficient Data
19      Verona, Italy               Multi       Astro (METEOR)
19      Misawa AB, Japan            Military    Astro (METEOR)
19      Tacoma, Washington          Multi       Astro (METEOR)
19,20,21 St Louis, Missouri         Multi       UNIDENTIFIED
19,20,21 Charleston, West Virginia  [redacted]  Astro (METEOR)
21      Dayton, Ohio                [redacted]  Astro (METEOR)
21      Hyattsville, Maryland Patuxent Riv  Multi   Astro (METEOR)
21      Ft Worth, Texas             [redacted]  Astro (METEOR)
23      Alexandria, Louisiana       Multi       Astro (METEOR)
25      Dayton, Ohio/Columbus, Ohio [redacted]  Astro (METEOR)
25      Kodiak, Alaska              Civilian   Astro (METEOR)
24-4 Aug Moose Lake, Minnesota      [redacted]  Astro (CAPELLA)
26      Monticello, Illinois        [redacted]  Astro (MOON)
27      Boyce, Louisiana            [redacted]  Astro (MARS)
27      Chanute AFB, Illinois       [redacted]  Astro (METEOR)
27      Flores Island               Military Air   Astro (METEOR)
27      Ankara, Turkey              [redacted]  Astro (METEOR)
28      Lorain, Ohio                [redacted]  Astro (VSGA)
29      Dayton, Ohio                [redacted]  Aircraft
29      Atlantic Ocean              [redacted]  Other (MISSILES)
29      Springfield, Ohio           [redacted]  Astro (OCCULATION GAMMA & VIRGO)
31      Cincinnati, Ohio            [redacted]  Balloon
31      Los Angeles, California     Multiple   Astro (METEOR)
31      Arnold, California          [redacted]  Astro (METEOR)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                   SOURCE      EVALUATION

22      Kennebunkport, Maine        Newsclipping (Ltr)
25      Atlanta, Georgia            [redacted]


- page 41 -

Here is the text from the document:

ZCGB* PROJECTSCATL ZCJYC9*1
TO MJED*ATA
DR DIREKTAA TIL
Z.NR
D. 15 1540Z
F. NAVALDEFNLAB PANFLA
TO MJED*ATIC WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB
INFO BEKKO (COMPL)
NAVFORJOLGHIP*
JULY CRSE2

BT
UNCLAS* REPTS PENSACOLA CAPT *CATA ATIC AND J A BOWMAN INCL Y BELEGT
* * BOLS ACCOMPLIC* SEARCH OF PROJECT ATIC (AFCRL-440)

BT
15 JUL 57


- page 42 -

723 2
23 AUG 60

DEFERRED

FM NAVMINDEFLAB PANFLA
TO COM 6
INFO COM INLANT
NAVINTOFG PNCLA
NAS PNCLA
ATIC WPAFB
CNO
BUSHIPS
EODU 2

COMG 122125. NOTAL AND MY 152210. REFERS.


- page 43 -

DURING TWO DAYS SEARCH OPS FOUR PROMINENT TARGETS AND NUMEROUS
SMALL TARGETS WERE DEVELOPED BY EXPERIMENTAL SHADOW DEVICE.
2 LIKELY PROMINENT TARGETS INVESTIGATED BY DIVERS WITH POS SONAR
WERE LOG AND BOTTOMDEBRES. DUE BREAKDOWN SHADOW DEVICE ONLY CENTER
OF TARGET AREA COVERED (APPROXIMATELY 20 PERCENT OF ONE SQUARE
MILE TARGET AREA) POOR VISIBILITY SOFT MUD BOTTOM, AND HIGH NUMBER
SMALL SONAR TARGETS RENDER POSSIBILITY OF SUCCESS EXTREMELY REMOTE
COSTS INCURRED TO DATE APPROXIMATELY $2700 WRIGHT PATTERSON
FUNDS. IF FURTHER ACTION DESIRED THIS ACTIVITY, REQUIRE APPROXIMATELY
6 DAYS TO READY SHADOW DEVICE. ESTIMATE 2 WEEKS REQUIRED TO

PAGE TWO
COMPLETE INVESTIGATION TARGET AREA WITH SHADOW DEVICE AT COST
APPROXIMATELY $20,332 AND 3 TO 4 WEEKS WITH A MINIMUM 3 DIVERS
ABD 2 POS SONARS TO INVESTIGATE TARGETS DEVELOPED. AVAILABILITY
NMDL DIVERS CRITICAL DUE LOCAL REQUIREMENTS.
BT
22/18572


- page 44 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO. 7623
DEC'D

FT NAS PCOLA FLA
TO ATIC WPAFB OHIO

INFO OGM G
BUSHIPS
COMNLANT
CNG
NAVINDEPFLA PAMFLA
COM G ON DANCE DEMOLITION UNIT 2

US-4 DISCONTINUED SEARCH 16 AUG 62 TO INSURED MAINTENANCE OF
NEW AND NOT YET FULLY DOLLARS ADDITIONAL FUNDING REQUIRED TO COMPLETE
SUCH SEARCH. ACCORDING ATIC CONTR WITH NAVINDEPFLA PAMFLA
EVALUATING PROSPECTS OF GROOVE. ACCORDING OGO DELETION BETWEEN
ATIC AND CNG FOR FUNDING AND APPOINTMENT QUALIFIED PROJECT OFFICER
TO SUPERVISE LOCAL OPERATIONS IN FUTURE SEARCH CASE NO. NAVINT
PAMFLA CONCURS WITH THE LATER RECOMMENDATION.

BT
L3/J6412 AUG 16:2352


- page 45 -

Major Conkey, AFC 1064A2 stated that recovery of the object alleged to have fallen in Pensacola Bay had been canceled due to excessive funds required.


- page 46 -

