There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book record card.

PROJECT 10573 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: February, 1960
2. PLACE: Mount Kisco, New York
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: - (Unknown)
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. DURATION: 20 seconds
6. OBJECT DESCRIPTION: Observed as a bright star against the horizon. The object appeared to be at an altitude of 10 degrees from the horizon. It was reported to be in the vicinity of a planned air route through this area. The object moved at steady speed and then disappeared from sight.
7. REMARKS: The impression of a controlled aircraft or possibly astronomical in nature is mentioned.
8. CONCLUSIONS: Possibly an Aircraft, possibly astronomical

- page 1 -

The image contains two sketches. The larger sketch on the top shows a curved object in the sky, with an explanation below asking the reader to imagine that the object was above the horizon when they first saw it. The smaller sketches on the bottom show the object from different perspectives, with instructions on how to complete the larger sketch.

Text transcription:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Please draw "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Please draw "B" on the same curved line to show the same object as you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, likely documenting a UFO sighting.

The text found in the document is as follows:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Raining or heavy rain 
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When did it, to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Immediately after sighting - within an hour

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes (No)

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Myself, Dorothy Woodbury, Mt. Kisko, N.Y.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? 
(Circle One) Yes (No)

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
The object appear to be a metallic craft, cigar-shaped, which made a humming sound and seemed to be hovering for a period of time before speeding away at tremendous speed. It appeared to be under intelligent control and likely from an extraterrestrial source.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:
ADDRESS:
TELEPHONE NUMBER:
Age: Sex: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
Electronics Engineering Secretary

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
2-7 Month Year

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force technical information sheet with summary data.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write our a short description of the event that you observed. You may restate any past information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. This is present the details of the observation to the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [REDACTED]
SIGNATURE: [REDACTED] 
DATE: -

At approximately 7:37 p.m., Wednesday, October 5, 1960, I was on my way back into the house after coming in from the northeast. As I walk along the driveway, I noticed a bright light in the sky to the northwest. This light hovered there briefly, and then moved rapidly up and to the northeast, out of sight. Soon afterwards, this light reappeared, traveling rapidly from the northeast to the southwest. It seemed to be at about the same elevation as the first sighting, and I observed it for about 10 to 15 seconds as it swiftly passed out of sight to the southwest. The light was a bright whitish-light color, and seemed to be solid and not blinking or pulsating. I am not able to judge its size or distance. I have not seen anything like this before, but am satisfied that it was not any conventional aircraft or satellite. If this is of any importance to your investigation, I shall be glad to discuss it further with you or to furnish any additional information I can.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text of the document is as follows:

A-TCH-14-8K
OCT 10 1960

SAC-33-31 (1/1/61 partial)

1. Reference copy of abstract letter to this from this dated 30 October 1959.

Conditional information UGIO. It is suggested that you forward a copy to ATIC for further study.
ATTN: LTC DUNN, Deputy for Science and Technology.

2. The original investigation of the sighting of "Mr. BLACKWELL", the witness Capparelli and others, and their report of the observation of an object, as described in reference 1. herein, resulted in a classified USAF OATC report entitled "UFO-83", dated 10 June 1960. For consideration of

3. The witness can be contacted at the following address:

FOR THE COMMANDER
/ Signature /
FIRST LT, USAF
Deputy for Science and Management

CONFIGURATION
FETCH-HER Partial Date 20 OCT 1960
FETCH-HER Terminal Date 2 NOV 1960

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text.

Project Blue Book 
October 9, 1960

Project: Flying Saucer 
United States Air Force 
Washington, D.C. 

Dear Sirs:

About 7:55 p.m. approximately, Wednesday, October 5, 1960, I was in my yard when I was attracted by a very bright light up in the sky. It appeared to be several hundred feet in the air and was moving towards me, rather slowly, coming to a stop about 3\4 of a mile from where I was standing. It was about as bright as a star, moving across the sky, and then stopped hovering. I had the distinct feeling that it had spotted me and was waiting and watching me, for it remained stationary for about 5 minutes, then it moved off to the West very rapidly. 

It was a bright, clear night and the object was easily visible. It was perfectly round, appearing to be about the size of a golf ball held at arm's length. The color was a very bright white or blue-white, no other colors being visible. It made no sound whatever. I have seen many unusual lights in the sky before, but this was by far the most impressive and closest I have ever seen. It greatly impressed me at the time, and I have wondered about it ever since. Do you feel this is worthy of investigation? I believe it was probably a satellite or missile of some kind, but I have never seen one behave in that manner.

I have no particulat theories regarding the "how" or "why" of this phenomenon, and I submit it to you simply as a matter of record of what I observed. I hope this is of some value to you in your investigations. If you have any questions, I will be happy to try to answer them.

Sincerely yours,

[Redacted]

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or document from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

Transcribed text:

31 October 1960

This will acknowledge your letter of 9 October 1960 concerning an unidentified flying object you sighted on 27 October.

Your letter contained insufficient information for a valid conclusion. The few questions we are asked to answer and forward to you, concerning the object, are: apparent size, apparent distance, duration of sighting, direction of flight, angular velocity or speed (approximately 200 miles per hour or less), weather conditions at time of sighting.

From the general description of the object you sighted, it appears to be a satellite, but (the direction or speed) are not specific enough for our analysis and/or conclusions.

Sincerely, 

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. Edgar R. Jones
Mount Kisco, New York

- page 8 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a form used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena (UFOs) that people have observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. This information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in any publications without your permission.
We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: View: Minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Daylight Saving, f. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Counting my watch, looking at the clock, etc.
6. Condition of the sky: DAY: a. Bright, b. Hazy, c. Cloudy, NIGHT: a. Bright, b. Hazy, c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? a. In front of you, b. To the right, c. To your left, d. To your left, e. Behind you, f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 6223 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13-OCT-51.

- page 9 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a survey-style questionnaire with various questions about observations of objects in the night sky.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
a. STARS (Circle One): Brighter than usual, Dimmer than usual, No difference
b. MOON (Circle One): Bright moonlight, Dull moonlight, No moonlight - pitch dark, Don't remember

9. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): As a light, Shiny, Dark, Don't remember

10. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? Brighter than the brightest stars

11. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, No, Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or change direction? Yes, No, Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes, No, Don't Know
d. Give off smoke or particles? Yes, No, Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes, No, Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes, No, Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes, No, Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes, No, Don't Know

12. DID THE OBJECT MOVE BEHIND SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD? (Circle One): Yes, No, Don't Know. IF YOU ANSWERED YES, THEN TELL WHAT.

13. DID THE OBJECT MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD? (Circle One): Yes, No, Don't Know. IF YOU ANSWERED YES, THEN TELL WHAT.

14. DID THE OBJECT APPEAR: (Circle One): Solid, Transparent, Vapor, Don't Know

15. DID YOU OBSERVE THE OBJECT THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING? (Circle One for each)
a. Eyeglasses: Yes, No
b. Sun glasses: Yes, No
c. Telescope: Yes, No
d. Binoculars: Yes, No
e. Windshield: Yes, No
f. Window glass: Yes, No
g. Rearview mirror: Yes, No
h. Other: Yes, No

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

The text from the document is as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Faint
b. Color: Bright white

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wing, propulsion, etc. and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Check one): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                b. Like a bright star
                c. Sharply outlined
                d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph or any other visual element besides the text on the page. As requested, I will act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and produce the text found in the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects under. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
A LITTLE LARGER THAN SOMETHING THE SIZE OF THE END OF A PENCIL

22. We wish to know the speed at which the object was moving. Hold a match stick or some object of known length in line with the object. At the same time note how long the object would have been covered by the length of the match. If you had differed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match?
WOULD ONLY FILL 1/2 OF LENGTH

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
YES : JUST SEEMED TO FADE AWAY, HARD TO EXPLAIN DID NOT GO TO THE HORIZON OR ANY PARTICULAR DIRECTION

24. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
APPEARS AS A CIRCULAR, BRIGHT LIGHT

- page 12 -

This page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire or form with various questions about a reported UFO sighting.

OCR text output:

28. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

29. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was walking along the street in our town when I happened to glance up and noticed this strange object in the sky. It was hovering silently, moving up and down, and seemed to change shape as I watched it.

23. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 
23.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North	e. East	g. South	i. West
b. Northeast	f. Southeast	h. Southwest	j. Northwest

23.2 How fast were you moving? 	miles per hour.

23.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)	Yes	No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North	c. East	e. South	g. West
b. Northwest	d. Southeast	f. Southwest	h. Overhead 

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North	c. East	e. South	g. West
b. Northwest	d. Southeast	f. Southwest	h. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 	degrees.
b. From horizon 	degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 	degrees.
b. From horizon 	degrees.

- page 13 -

