PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
7 Jun 60

2. LOCATION
Champaign, Illinois

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 07/2055Z
GMT 07/2055Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
[X] Yes
□ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
n/a

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
not given

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical Meteor
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other:
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Film study forwarded to ATIC which showed an unidentified object on several frames. Source was filming a silhouette of a statue and the object was not seen until the film was being previewed.

11. COMMENTS
Upon analysis by ATIC it was determined that the object was a light source of considerable intensity which moved thru the camera's field of view in 1 1/4 sec. The extremely high velocity and brightness indicates that it was probably a meteor of the "fireball" class.

See: Film 7-3745-4448

(Copy in Physical Specimen File)

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)

- page 1 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

AFCIN-452 /Maj Friend/amc/69216/typed 30 June 60

UFO Film (M)

SAF-1-3d (L/Col Tecker)

1. Mr [redacted], photographer [redacted] Champaign, Illinois forwarded a film strip to the U. S. Air Force which showed a UFO on several frames.

2. Routine filming a routine silhouette of a statue in the city owned Side Park in Champaign, Illinois. The filming took place at 2055Z on 7 June 1960.

3. The film was analysed by ATIC and the following concluded:

a. The object on the film is a genuine photographic image.

b. The object was a light source of considerable intensity, due to its being entirely visible within eight degrees of the sun.

c. The object was traveling at a very high velocity as evidenced by the fact that it moved through the camera's field of view in 1½ seconds.

4. Image motion during exposure precludes any analysis of object configuration; however, its extremely high velocity and brightness indicate that the object was probably a meteor "Fireball" class.

5. [redacted] has not given any publicity to this sighting, but [redacted] did request notification of the result of the Air Force analysis.

6. Mr [redacted] home and business addresses are as follows:
Home: [redacted] Illinois
Business: [redacted] Illinois

7. The film strip is being retained at ATIC as a part of the case file for this sighting, and will not be returned unless makes this specific request.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature] Nicholas Post
NICHOLAS POST
Acting Deputy
Science and Components

COORDINATION:
[Signature and date partially visible]
AFCIN-452

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a black and white film strip or contact sheet showing three identical frames. Each frame depicts a silhouetted figure with raised arms, positioned on what seems to be a rocky or uneven surface. The figures are backlit, creating a glowing outline around their forms. The image has a grainy, high-contrast quality typical of vintage photographic prints. Film strip perforations are visible on the left side of the image.

- page 3 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white film strip or contact sheet showing three identical frames of a silhouetted figure with raised arms standing on what seems to be a rocky or elevated surface, with a bright light or glow behind the figure.

- page 4 -

The image appears to be a film strip or contact sheet with three identical frames showing a silhouetted figure with raised arms, positioned on what seems to be an elevated surface or hill. The image is in black and white with high contrast, creating a dramatic lighting effect with a bright background behind the figure. The frames are bordered by film sprocket holes on the left side of the image.

There is no legible text on this page.

- page 5 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white film strip or contact sheet showing three identical frames of a silhouetted figure with raised arms, standing on what seems to be a rocky or elevated surface. The image has a high-contrast, grainy quality typical of vintage photographic prints.

- page 6 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a series of three identical frames from a film strip or photographic sequence, showing a silhouetted figure with raised arms standing on what seems to be a raised surface or structure. The image is in black and white with a high-contrast, grainy appearance typical of mid-20th century photographic techniques.

- page 7 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a film strip or contact sheet with three sequential frames showing a silhouetted figure with raised arms, positioned on what seems to be a hill or raised surface. The image is in black and white with high contrast, creating a dramatic lighting effect around the figure.

- page 8 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white film strip or series of frames showing a silhouetted figure with raised arms standing on what seems to be a rocky or angular surface. The figure is repeated three times vertically, with each frame having a bright halo or light source behind the silhouette, creating a dramatic high-contrast effect.

- page 9 -

The image appears to be a series of three identical frames showing a silhouetted figure with raised arms standing on a rocky or angular surface. The figure is backlit, creating a stark contrast between the dark silhouette and the bright background. The frames are arranged vertically and seem to be part of a film strip or sequence, with perforated edges visible on the left side of the image.

- page 10 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photographic contact sheet or film strip showing three identical silhouetted images of what seems to be two figures with raised arms, positioned against a bright background with a grainy, high-contrast appearance. The images are arranged vertically with film sprocket holes visible on the left side of the page.

- page 11 -

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFCIN-482

SUBJECT: UFO File (redacted)

TO: SAFOI-34 (1/Col Tecker)

1. Mr (redacted), photographer for (redacted) of Champaign, Illinois forwarded a film strip to the U. S. Air Force which showed a UFO on several frames.

2. Mr (redacted) was filing a routine silhouette of a statue in the city owned West Side Park in Champaign, Illinois. The filming took place at 2055Z on 7 June 1960.

3. The film was analyzed by ATIC and the following concluded:
   a. The object on the film is a genuine photographic image.
   b. The object was a light source of considerable intensity, due to being entirely visible within eight degrees of the sun.
   c. The object was traveling at a very high velocity as evidenced by the fact that it moved through the camera's field of view in 14 seconds.

4. Image motion during exposure precludes any analysis of object configurations; however, its extremely high velocity and brightness indicates that the object was probably a meteor of the "fireball" class.

5. (redacted) has not given any publicity to this sighting, but Mr (redacted) did request notification of the result of the Air Force analysis.

6. Mr (redacted) home and business addresses are as follows:
   Home: (redacted), Illinois
   Business: (redacted), Illinois

7. The film strip is being retained at ATIC as a part of the case file for this sighting, and will not be returned unless Mr (redacted) makes this specific request.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

NICHOLAS POST
Acting Deputy
Science and Components

- page 12 -

The image appears to be a black and white photographic sequence showing three identical silhouetted figures. Each figure is positioned on a different level and appears to be standing with one arm raised, creating a dramatic, high-contrast visual effect against a grainy, textured background. The figures seem to be in a similar pose, with a bright light source behind them creating a halo or glow effect around their outlines.

There is no legible text on this page.

- page 13 -

F.114
June 7, 1960
Champaign, Ill.
Observer
File # 100355Y
In custody of Audio-Visual Division
1925

- page 14 -

This case includes ten (10) 10" x 6" photographs.

3 FILM in separate folder

- page 15 -

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OFF:    AFCIN-452

SUBJECT:     Request for Photoanalysis

TO:          AFCIN-4D4a

1. Request the attached film and photographs be analyzed, and the results forwarded to this office.

2. Attached is a copy of the cover letter containing camera, exposure, and film data to aid in your analysis.

[Signature]
RICHARD R. SHOOP
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-452

1 Attch:
Cy ltr 10 June 60 fr ATC
w/2 atch

ltr AFCIN-452, 14 June 1960, Request for Photoanalysis

1st Ind (AFCIN-4D4a)                                27 June 1960

TO: AFCIN-452 (Col R. R. Shoop)

1. The attached film has been analyzed and the following conclusions reached:

a. If the data accompanying the photography is true and correct, some very intense light source moved through the camera's field of view in 14 seconds. The intensity of the light source is indicated by the fact that it is entirely visible when within eight degrees of the sun.

b. The information given regarding camera tilt is verified by the sun angle at the stated time of photography.

c. Image motion during exposure precludes any analysis of object configuration.

d. The photography and exposure data give no clue as to size, speed or distance of the object, however, the camera data indicates that if the object was moving in a horizontal plane its velocity was approximately one mile per hour for every foot of altitude above the camera station, ie, 500mph if at 500 ft. altitude, 1000mph at 1000 ft. altitude, etc.

e. If the photography is fake, it was probably accomplished by a double exposure in which a light source was raved across the camera's field of view at a uniform velocity.

14 June 1960

- page 16 -

HEADQUARTERS
CHANUTE TECHNICAL TRAINING CENTER (ATC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
CHANUTE AIR FORCE BASE, ILLINOIS

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: OSD

10 JUN 1960

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting

TO: ATIC
Wright-Patterson AFB
Ohio

1. This is a combination preliminary report and report of investigation submitted in accordance with AFR 200-2.

2. The UFO sighting occurred at Champaign, Illinois fourteen (14) miles south of Chanute Air Force Base at 20552, 7 June 1960.

3. Enclosed is a film that was taken by M_____ of Champaign, Illinois. The filming of the object was accidental. The object was not seen or discovered until the film was previewed at the ______. M_____ home address ______. Champaign and his phone number is ______. The address ______.

4. Photographer was filming routine silhouette shot of a statue in the center of the city owned West Side Park. The camera was mounted on a tripod at an approximate forty-five (45) degree upward angle. The camera was a 16mm Volex Reflex Camera with a 10mm wide angle lens. Eastman 7276 black and white film was used with a shutter speed of one sixtieth of a second, filming twenty-four (24) frames per second. Exposure was F 22, using a K-2 yellow filter with the lens focused on infinitive.

5. Mr. ______ mentioned the Information Officer at Chanute AFB to report the sighting and offered the film to the Air Force. M_____ and M_____ are most cooperative with Captain ______ requested that he be notified of the results of the analysis of the film strip. No publicity was given by ______ Chanute AFB on this sighting.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

R. C. MOSHER
Colonel, USAF
Operations Officer

2 Atch
1. Film Strip
2. Set of 10 Still Photo

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

- page 17 -

Wilber Price, Jr./AFCIN-4L4/27 June 1960

f. Microscopic examination of the original film indicates that the image is not caused by fog, an emulsion, or by mechanical means but appears to be a genuine photographic image.

WILBER PRICE, JR.
Chief, AFCIN-4D4

1 Atch
No change

2

- page 18 -

NNNNZC2CSQ@P32C2CSQ@Q582ZCNUA726
RR RJEDSQ
DE RJEDNU 20
R 151462Z
FM CHANUTE TECH TNG CEN
TO ATIC
BT
UNCLAS OSD-17F
YOUR MESSAGE AFCIN-4E2-6-1794-E, 14 JUNE 1960. UFO SIGHTING
INVESTIGATION COMPLETED 11 JUNE 1962. REPORT BEING PREPARED AT THIS
TIME. WILL SUBMIT TO YCU 16 JUNE 1960.
BT
15/178LZ JUN RJEDNU

- page 19 -

01-34/Mt Col Tucker/am/T2291

8 July 1960

Dear Mr.

This is to acknowledge your recent submission of a film strip to the Air Force which evidently shows a UFO on several frames. The filming took place on 7 June 1960 at Champaign, Illinois.

The object on the film is a genuine photographic image. It had a light source of considerable intensity, due to its being entirely visible within eight degrees of the sun. The high velocity of the object is evidenced by the fact that it moved through the camera's field of view in 1½ seconds. Image motion precludes any analysis of object configuration. However, the high velocity and brightness indicates that the object was probably a meteor of the "fireball" class.

With your permission, the Air Force would like to retain the film strip in this case for the official file. If this is not possible please let me know and I will return the film to you immediately.

Thank you very much for your interest in this matter.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TUCKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

01-34 comeback
01-1 reader

- page 20 -

