The image does not contain a photograph. It is a Project Blue Book record card that appears to document a sighting of a UFO event.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 21 Aug 60
2. LOCATION: Jeffersonville, Indiana
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0115
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes.
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 7-8 mins
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Burning object descending, seemed to have a jagged trail for about 10 sec its which ended with a definite explosion in color. For the next part, however, the object was not solid but varied colors which were constantly changing, all dimmed, and the shape would change.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Was Definite; Possibly Balloon; Possibly Aircraft.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters United States Air Force, about an unidentified flying object sighted near Jeffersonville, Indiana on April 14, 1960. The report provides a detailed description of the sighting, including the object's movement, size, and changes in color and intensity. It also discusses the likelihood that the object was a "natural phenomenon" rather than an artificial craft. The text of the report is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE 
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
9th DISTRICT OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

9 May 1960

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: OD 29-21-

SUBJECT: (U) Unidentified Flying Object, Jeffersonville, Indiana, 14 April 1960. Sighted by: [redacted]

TO: ATIC CAFCU-4E23

1. The following information is reported by this individual:

a. At about 2330 hours on 14 April 1960, while traveling north on Road 31E at Jeffersonville, Indiana, he observed an object in the sky to his right. This object appeared to be a part of the Strategic Air Command Detachment Office of the 8th District Air Force Base, is furnished for your information and any action deemed appropriate.

Dealer: BEAGLE Transmance Company, 1522 North Meridian, Indianapolis, Indiana.

b. At 0144 hours 14 April 1960 he was traveling north on Road 31E at Jeffersonville, Indiana and as he approached the Tunnel Road overpass, he observed the same object on Road 62 he had observed earlier. The object was traveling from his left to right at about 20° to the left of his center of vision and downwards to an elevation of approximately 30° to 35°. It appeared to be moving in a rather flat trajectory and did not seem to have any rotating motion.

c. The object was in a burning condition for the first half of the time it was first sighted. It was then travelling for approximately one-fourth of the total time with flame or burning condition, and after completing another 4 to 5 minutes of the flight, it displayed from the time he first saw the object until it disappeared at about 15 degrees above the horizon.

d. The object seemed to have a length of two to eight times its width, however the leading part reflected changing colors which appeared to be from red to green. This trailing part, although indistinct, may have had a coloring of brownish-red. The object's intensity in light would at times become very bright and then would display any change.

e. Because of its great intensity in light and size, it seemed that the object would have lit up the entire countryside, but the individual stated that it did not seem to interfere with the vision he had from the areas surrounding the object. As the object appeared to come closer to the horizon it light would diminish.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

Performing OCR (optical character recognition) on the text in the image:

reflected so that he could see the outline of trees in the distance. The object seemed to be a low-level craft, somewhat egg-shaped, which appeared to be hovering. It seemed to be gaining altitude and sailing swiftly away and seemed to disappear after a few seconds.

1. The speed of the object seemed to be a little slower than a meteorite. further causing the witness to believe it was several miles away. The object had a peculiar motion, circling around under a bright light and partly cloudy.

2. Captain Russell went on to say that two women and a man whom he had picked up hitchhiking stated that they had seen the object when they were in Kentucky. He could furnish no identity of these people other than the pick up time we witnessed who was referred to as giving quite a story. 

3. Captain Russell added that he was not a sky watcher and did not imagine he had seen anything more than routine aircraft. He resides on a farm close to Edgewood, Illinois and as a boy observed meteorites and has since then on several occasions. He said that what he saw did not appear to him to be a flight characteristics which would normally be seen by people living in cities because the bright lights would distract their observation.

Cv1-I. M. L. Mobila
Col. USAF
Commander

- page 3 -

