STATEMENT

Inspection of an unknown object at the Naval Air Station, Norfolk, Virginia on 17 August 1960 by 1/Lt Francis G Proctor and S/Sgt Malone of the Base 300 Section. Item inspected appeared to be an object used to carry electronic equipment for test purposes or other purposes as designed. No positive identifying features were found on the object except the initials (B J M) on one tag attached to the connection plug.

Other marking appears but no way of associating them with the object. Item contained two (2) or more explosive squibs in series which was used to cut parachute lines (two (2) live squibs are still present).

The tube like extension contained aluminum strips which assumed was used as an antenna for the other attached equipment. The center section of the tube is metal which assumed contains the main equipment of the object.

The center section was produced from possible shock by very light material taped and bolted to the tubes. Other than explosive squibs the object seemed to be safe to handle. Squibs are now separated from the main object. Item still should be handled very carefully until contents of the center section is known.

FRANCIS G PROCTOR
1/Lt., USAF
EOD Officer


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112 - PART I                UNCLASSIFIED
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

Country                                 Report No.                 (LEAVE BLANK)
United States (Virginia)                AIWOL-60-001

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Subject: Unidentified Object found approximately 35 miles west of Langley AFB, Virginia

Area or Location: Vicinity of Elberon, Virginia                From: (4950th Air Refueling Wing, Langley AFB, VA)

Date of Report: 22 August 1960           Date of Information: 13 August 1960           Evaluation: A-1

Prepared By (Officer): Major Albert F. Houghton, AO-694876     Source: Various

References: (Enter number, directive, previous report, etc., as applicable)

SUMMARY: (Enter concise summary of report. Give significance in final one-sentence paragraph. List inclosures in lower left.)

On 15 August 1960, at approximately 1800 hours the preparing officer of this report, Major Albert F. Houghton, AO-694876, 4950th Air Refueling Wing, Langley Air Force Base, Virginia, was called by a Mr. William O. Warren, O.S.I., who requested that he contact a Lt Johnson from Naval Intelligence in regard to an unidentified object recovered by Navy personnel. A meeting was arranged at the residence of Major Houghton at 1845 hours.

The following information was furnished by Lt Johnson upon his arrival. The State Police had called the Duty Officer of Oceana Naval Air Station Saturday night (13 Aug) and reported an unidentified object on the ground approximately 35 miles west of Langley AFB. At 2300 hours Commander Withrow, USN, made necessary arrangements to send out a party to check on this object. This party departed Norfolk Naval Base Sunday morning (14 Aug) at 0815 and returned Sunday evening (time unknown). The party consisted of Lt. G. Gruber (Investigator with Norfolk Naval Police), Robert E. Deans, AO3/C and Seaman Stefanick. They proceeded by car and jeep to Wakefield VA. where they were met by State Trooper Seymore, who guided the group to Elberon. They then proceeded 10 miles west, and traveled another 2 miles to the site on a fire road. (Lt Johnston stated these directions and distances were quite accurate, the location is near Highway 10 adjacent to Cypress Swamp but cannot be reached from Highway 10). This object was observed lying on the ground with a parachute caught on a limb about 40 feet high. A section of the "tube" approximately 10 feet long had broken off and was left at the site. The parachute and the object, which weighed approximately 70 lbs, were returned to Norfolk Air Station. Lt Johnston further stated that detonators were attached to the object and that pictures has been taken and would be furnished to the Air Force. At approximately 1000 hours, 16th of August, Lt Johnston arrived at the 4505th Wing Intelligence Office. He stated he had talked to several ground personnel who stated the object was a NASA project, but they were unable to identify the object as a NASA project. He then requested this object be transferred to the Intelligence Office. Tentative arrangements were made through Sgt Heir (EOD) to remove the object, however, he stated that Lt Proctor, EOD Officer, would have to approve. Lt Proctor called after noon and stated he would visit the Naval Armory the following day for a preliminary examination. On 17th August Lt Proctor visited the Naval Armory to inspect this object with a photographer. On the 22d Lt Proctor contacted Major Houghton and made a signed statement of his investigation (see attached).

Inclosures:
1. Lt Proctor's Statement
2. 3 Photographs of Object
3. Sketch of Object made at Scene of Discovery

Distribution: (bottom of page indicates request to intelligence unit at US Naval Armory, Norfolk, Virginia)

Note at bottom warns this document contains information affecting national defense of the United States.

Classification at bottom: UNCLASSIFIED


- page 2 -

( Device
12 Aug 60 )

9' 10" to end of plastic bag

30"

Thru Bolts ¢ 20

16½"

24"
Styrofoam

6"

39"
Fiberglass Tube

Plastic Bag

Shroud Line

Electrical Cable


- page 3 -

ATIC-M-22x

Report of Investigation

Minneapolis 14, Minnesota
Attn:

Per your telephone request, attached is a copy of the report of investigation and recovery of equipment which was submitted to ATIC. Copies of photographs of said equipment are also attached.

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

4 Atchs:
1. ATIC AWMOR-60-CCL,
   dtd 22 Aug 60
2. Photograph
3. Photograph
4. Photograph


- page 4 -

HEADQUARTERS
450TH AIR REFUELING WING (TAC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Langley Air Force Base, Virginia

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AWOJI

5 OCT 1960

SUBJECT: Unidentified Object

TO: Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center (ATIC-4-2x)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Reference letter, Hq 4505 Air Refueling Wing (AWOI), subject as
above, dated 25 Aug 60 in your 1st Ind to subject letter 31 Aug
60.

2. Unidentified object shipped on or about 5 October 1960 by "MCDILL"
with priority 5.

[Signature of George Ross]
GEORGE ROSS
Administrative Officer


- page 5 -

I apologize, but I cannot discern any legible text in this black and white image. The image appears to be a grainy, low-contrast photograph showing what seems to be some equipment or objects, but the details are very difficult to make out clearly. The image quality is poor, with significant noise and lack of definition.


- page 6 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing what seems to be a person wearing a light-colored garment, with some kind of tubular or elongated object nearby. The image is grainy and has high contrast, making details difficult to discern.


- page 7 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a white rectangular object (possibly a box or container) sitting on a walkway or path, with a grassy area and some trees or structures in the background.


- page 8 -

This case includes two (2) 8"x10" photographs and two (2) 8"x10" negatives.

Physical specimen missing.


- page 9 -

September 2, 1960

Headquarters USAF
SAFOI - 3
Washington 25, D. C.

Dear Sir:

Upon making inquiry to the P. I. O. at Patrick Air Force Base it was suggested that I write your office.

On the night of August 18th, 8:15 PM, EST...I was observing the passage of the Echo Satellite over Northeast Florida. Echo was travelling from Southwest to Northeast in a cloudless sky with an extremely clear Milky Way for a background.

As Echo had reached a position about 70 degrees above the horizon, I suddenly had my attention drawn to a faint moving shadow moving in exact correlation. This shadow was somewhat similar in appearance, blotted out stars in the milky way - then a blurry type. It was faint, very faint, but definitely there and distinct.

At first, I thought that perhaps this could be a shadow from Echo - but to the contrary my opinion is that I would be to the west - thus causing any shadow from Echo to fall east of it instead of in the opposite direction. This raised several questions in my mind:

1....Were there any other reports of this incident made on the same night????

2....Did the Echo cast a shadow that night????

3....Since we have nothing that flies this fast - what was it????

My interest in this matter is more than idle wondering. I am launched from the Cape Canaveral Network and familiar with all the technical aspects.

Your cooperation in making any information you may have available will be deeply appreciated.

Sincerely,

[Signature redacted]


- page 10 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

(Header contains blank fields for Name or Title, Organization and Location, Date, etc.)

Remarks:
Please provide us with information upon which

(Bottom of form contains DD FORM 95, with most fields blank)

Handwritten note in bottom right corner: "lit.b-4 1"


- page 11 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

AFCIN-4682x                                                     21 SEP 1960

SUBJECT: UFO Report (1st Ind)

TO: SAFOI-3d (L/Col Tucker)

1. Reference attached letter to USAF from Mn dated 2 September 1960, and DD Form #95 from SAFOI-3d to ATIC requesting information to use as a basis for answering re-----'s letter, dated 6 September 1960.

2. The following answers correspond to the specific questions contained in the referenced letters:

a. no reports have reached ATIC for 18 August 1960, which parallel the circumstances as spelled out by w-----

b. yes, Echo did cast a shadow on the night of 18 August 1960; however due to its size and distance the shadow of Echo is never evident on the surface of the earth. A complete explanation follows later in this correspondence.

c. Due to the limited data in this case it is impossible to reach a positive conclusion as to the cause of this sighting. There are several possibilities, but the most probable is that this was a physical experience; the UFO being in lay terms, the results of seeing sp-ts. This is not unusual when someone has been staring in some object, has their read in an unusual position for a long period, and is experiencing some degree of excitement.

3. The object in our skys, with whose shadow we are familiar is the moon. The shadow of the moon is a long cone approximately 232,100 miles in length. The shape and length is due to the difference in size of the sun and moon and the distance between them. While this shadow of the moon is always present, it is not always directly evident to us here on earth because the moon is nothing on which it is portrayed (we are able to see evidence of it during phases other than full moon because portions of the dark side are visible). The shadow of the moon is most evident to us here on earth when at the time of the new moon, the moon is near enough to the plane of the ecliptic so that at least part of its shadow will fall upon the surface of the earth. When this occurs we experience a solar eclipse. It has already been pointed out that the average distance between the earth and moon is 232,100 miles.


- page 12 -

reach the earth; however, due to the eccentricities of the orbits, the distances between the moon and earth may vary between 217,750 and 215,500 miles and during some of the periods of the new moon we are close enough for the shadow to be cast upon the earth. The ratio between the diameter of the moon as compared to its average distance is 1/100 and this figures to a subtended angle of 31' 5" or approximately 1/2°. The ratio of the diameter of Echo to its distance is 1/52,800, an angular representation of 3.91 seconds. A shadow cast by Echo would have a length of approximately 2.02 miles which, in view of its 1000 mile distance from the earth, is far short of reaching the earth's surface.

4. Echo subtending an angle of 3.91 seconds is below the level of resolution. Observers (without optical aids) are actually seeing the light reflected from the surface of the satellite. This is comparable to seeing sunlight reflected from a mirror which, in itself, is too small to be seen at the same distance. (This is why the Air Force puts mirrors for signalling in survival kits.)

5. Mr. [illegible] was correct concerning his thoughts about the relationship of [illegible] to any echo cast by Echo on the night of 18 August 1960, when an observer can see any of the surface from which light is reflected, as in the case of the moon, then there exists an angle between the observer, the object and the light source such that any prime shadow cast by the object could not fall upon the observer.

6. There was, on other occasions, been objects reported to the Air Force which were seen in conjunction with Echo, but as yet no data has been submitted which was extensive enough to allow a positive conclusion. The most probable cause of these sightings is malassociation of high flying jet aircraft due to misassociation with the satellite as to distance and velocity.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

2 Atch:
1. Cy DD Fm 95, 6 Sep
2. Cy ltr 2 Sep 60, fr

2


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SAFOI-34/L603 4                    er/mho/72091

23 September 1960

Dear [redacted]

This is to acknowledge your letter of 2 September 1960 concerning the Echo satellite and the unidentified flying object you saw on 13 August 1960.

No reports have reached the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center for 18 August 1960 parallel the circumstances as spelled out by you.

Yes, Echo did cast a shadow on the night of 13 August 1960; however, due to its size and distance the shadow of Echo is never evident on the surface of the earth. A complete explanation follows later in this correspondence.

Due to the limited data submitted with your sighting, it is impossible to reach a positive conclusion. Therefore, I am inclosing an Air Force questionnaire for you so fill out. When the document is completed, please forward it to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio for their analysis and evaluation.

The object in our sky with whose shadow we are familiar is the moon. Its shadow of the moon is a long cone approximately 232,100 miles in length. The shape and length is due to the difference in size of the sun and moon and the distance between them. This shadow of the moon is always present, it is not always directly evident to us here on earth because there is nothing on which it is portrayed (we are able to see evidence of it during phases other than full moon because portions of the dark side are visible). The shadow of the moon is most evident to us here on earth when at the time of the new moon, the moon is near enough to the plane of the ecliptic so that at least part of its shadow will fall upon the surface of the earth. When this occurs we experience a solar eclipse. It has already been pointed out that the average length of the moon's shadow is 232,100 miles. There are times between the earth and moon is approximately 238,000 miles. There are actually times when the shadow of the moon on the earth can reach close to 245,500 miles. However, due to the eccentricities of the orbits, the distances between the moon and earth may vary between 217,750 and 245,500 miles and during some of the periods of the new moon we are close enough for the shadow to be cast upon the earth. The ratio between the diameter of the moon as compared to its average distance is 1/110 and this figures to a subtended angle of 31'5" or approximately 3°. The ratio of the diameter of Echo to its distance is 1/52,500, an angular representation of 3.91 seconds. A shadow cast by Echo would have a length of approximately 2.02 miles which, in view of its 1000 mile distance from the earth's surface, is far short of reaching the earth's surface.


- page 14 -

Letter to My

Echo subtending an angle of 3.91 seconds is below the level of resolution. Observers (without optical aids) are actually seeing the light reflected from the surface of the satellite. This is comparable to seeing sunlight reflected from a mirror which, in itself, is too small to be seen at the same distance. (This is why the Air Force puts mirrors for signalling in survival kits.)

You were absolutely correct concerning your thoughts about the relationship of your person to shadow cast by Echo on the night of 18 August 1960. When an observer can see any of the surface from which light is reflected, as in the case of the moon, then there exists an angle between the observer, the object and the light source and any prime shadow cast by the object could not fall upon the observer.

There have, on other occasions, been objects reported to the Air Force which were seen in conjunction with Echo, but as yet no data has been submitted which was extensive enough to allow a positive conclusion. The most probable cause of these sightings is a misidentification of high flying jet aircraft due to misassociation with the satellite as to distance and velocity.

Sincerely,

Enclosure

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr.
Melbourne, Florida

Comeback 01-34
Easier 01-1


- page 15 -

STATEMENT

Inspection of an unknown object at the Naval Air Station, Norfolk, Virginia on 17 August 1960 by 1/Lt Francis G Proctor and S/Sgt Malone of the Base 300 Section. Item inspected appeared to be an object used to carry electronic equipment for test purposes or other purposes as designed. No positive identifying features were found on the object except the initials (B J M) on one tag attached to the connection plug.

Other marking appears but no way of associating them with the object. Item contained two (2) or more explosive squibs in series which was used to cut parachute lines (two (2) live squibs are still present).

The tube like extension contained aluminum strips which assumed was used as an antenna for the other attached equipment. The center section of the tube is metal which assumed contains the main equipment of the object.

The center section was produced from possible shock by very light material taped and bolted to the tubes. Other than explosive squibs the object seemed to be safe to handle. Squibs are now separated from the main object. Item still should be handled very carefully until contents of the center section is known.

FRANCIS G PROCTOR
1/Lt., USAF
ECD Officer


- page 16 -

ARMCI

Unidentified Object

Air Technical Intelligence Center (ATIC)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. The attached form 12 with inclosures is forwarded for your information and action.

2. Request immediate instructions for future handling of this object. 
The closest site is U. S. Navy Armory, Norfolk, Virginia, has custody but it is anticipated they will soon reopen investigation for this object which has turned over to the Air Force.

3. This information has not been disseminated to AFOIN or other agencies as stated in AFR 200-2. Forwarded as the criteria of an unidentified flying object has not been met.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and
Components

1st Ind (ATIC-L52x)
Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

TO: HQ 4505th Air Repailing Wing (UAC), Attn: ARMOI
Langley Air Force Base, Virginia

It is requested that unidentified object referred to in basic communication be forwarded to this Center, attention AFCIN-L52x.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

3 Atch
COORDINATION:
AFCIN-L52x____________ Date 30 Aug 60
AFCIN-L52 Melton, AL Date 30 Aug 60


- page 17 -

