There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a Project 10073 record card from Project Blue Book, which provides details about a UFO sighting that occurred on June 4, 1960 in Springfield, Ohio.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 4 Jun 60
2. LOCATION: Springfield, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2005
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 6-9 min
7. SOURCE: Civilian
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
9. COURSE: Stationary 
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Silvery object as sighted, brighter than a sun. Appeared as a light. Appeared stationary.
11. COMMENTS: Probably a vestige reflecting unusual light altitude due to the setting of the sun at the altitude of the object.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Possibly Balloon, Possibly Aircraft

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 0 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2-3 miles

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
What is your present job? Firman, OAFR, WAWA-2710, RIDE 206
Age 32 Sex MALE
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 6 June 60

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document with text that seems to be a UFO analysis report.

OCR output:

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET
Location Shererville, Ohio
Date 4 JUNE 60 Hour 0215
WX Scattered Clouds
Description Silvery - like a light
Direction of Motion Toward Apparent
Satellite: (AFOIC -433, Phone 69219) N/A
Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc) Passing
Radar Analysis (AFOIC-431) N/A
Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc.)
Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc. Possible Balloon
Other 
Evaluation of Source Reliability Possible good
Analysis and Conclusions: THIS OBJECT WAS PROBABLY A BALLOON OR UNUSUAL ATMOSPHERIC
EFFECT. THE FACT THAT THE OBSERVERS DID NOT ACTUALLY SEE
THE OBJECT TO SUBSTANTIATE IS INDICATES THAT THE OBSERVATION
COULD BE DUE TO CHANCE. THE OBJECTS DISTANCE AND APPEARANCE
SUGGESTS A BALLOON.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text on a document. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

Date to be sunsets at 475
Altitude and loss of 175
light circle

Horizon to horizon 
(12592 north 84^30 west) Invisible
(3250 south 87^30 west) Invisible 
(1442*113) Zander report
Motion to progress
(3054 south 88 east) Nourishment
Steer west 97 degrees, circulate, reenumeration
Gable

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and investigations.

The text found in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 27 Jun 60
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2253 
4. GMT: 28/0432
5. DURATION: 10-12 SEC
6. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Bright and shiny object, appeared, finally disappearing behind a cloud.
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10-12 SEC
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Possibly two
9. COURSE: N
11. COMMENTS: Possibly due to atmospheric conditions.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Was Balloon, Possibly Balloon, Possibly Aircraft (Flight), Possibly Astronomical, Was Unidentified.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it is a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which appears to be a questionnaire or report form for documenting unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please be as accurate and detailed as you can in filling out this form, as it will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in any publications without your permission.
We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
June 20, 1960 

2. Time of day: 
10:53 hours 
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Plain City, Iowa

5. How long was object in sight?
12-15 seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
c. Certain

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: b. Cloudy
NIGHT: c. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): c. To your right

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various questions and answer choices.

OCR output:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few 
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One):
a. As a light
b. Shiny
c. Dark
d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? 
Yes

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes (No) Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and dash away at any time? Yes (No) Don't Know
c. Come down and go up or vice versa or explode? Yes (No) Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes (No) Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes (No) Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes (No) Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes (No) Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? (Yes) No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. 
IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses  Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Headlights Yes Naked eye
h. Other

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a report or document, possibly related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate UFO sightings.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound None
b. Color Very bright and shiny

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
length to width x 6:1

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Suggested posibility of 2
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which was a U.S. government program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text output from this document is as follows:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" on the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
About 1/2 to 1/3 of match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

22. We wish to know the object's height, held a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Object would just project.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Disappeared at reappeared. Finally disappeared behind cloud.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Cigar with warpper.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

Here is the text from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors (type)
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I had a visitor of a gal a went outside to see

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 When direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. West b. Northwest c. North d. Northeast e. East f. Southeast g. South h. Southwest i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), complete the following:
31.1 When it appeared: Noticed directly overhead.
31.2 When it disappeared: Disappeared.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains sketches and illustrations.

The text in the document is as follows:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to the smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, United States Air Force regarding an extract from a Duty Officers' Report.

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO AFCIN-4X2/59117

SUBJECT: Extract from Duty Officers' Report

TO: AFCIN-4E2 (Major Friend)

The following, extracted from Captain Prucher's Report dated 6 June 1960, is quoted for your information:

1945: Received a call from O.D. 01 who informed me that Mr. ___ had called in to report a UFO sighting. This call was not transferred to me, but O.D. 01 informed me of the call by Mr. ___ from Ohio. This was the report that I received.

2015: Called Major R. J. Friend and informed him of the reporting. Major Friend told me that he would take care of the report. This was a long distance call to Springfield, Ohio.

MICHAEL J. STROFF, JR.
AFCIN-4X2

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Can't remember

When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Lt. Donald W. Dyoge, ATIC SDD

Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses: Wife

Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? (Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones? Possibly like family lght with some occurrences

In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? Thought it to be possibly stage of a rocket

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions and fields for the respondent to fill out.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes (No)
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Very Fast

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes (No)
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? About 5 hours

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
Age 44 Sex M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent. None

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 25 day June 1 year

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data) with a handwritten comment section.

Textual content from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filled and scaled as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may use great information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, sketches, or diagrams that will assist in the proper evaluation of the incident in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: (Please Print)
SIGNATURE:
DATE:

SDO COMMENT:
Time of sighting around 9:50 pm. Estimated elevation 30 to 45 degrees. However, direction of travel cannot be ascertained definitely. Object moved with starts and stops, and a strange movement which appeared rapid and yet smooth. R-52 seems to have come in from some country region, south of town. Would have photos but camera failed to function. ATTIC USAF SMDO 1957

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire that was used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that people had observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications, without your permission.

1. When did you see the object? 6 June 2003
2. Time of day: 2003 Hours (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Springfield, Ohio, USA
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 15 Minutes Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5: a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document containing text and a form with questions about an observed UFO.

S. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, TWILIGHT, OR DAWN, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WAS THE OBJECT BRIGHTER THAN THE BACKGROUND OF THE SKY?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF IT WAS BRIGHTER THAN THE SKY BACKGROUND, WAS THE BRIGHTNESS LIKE THAT OF AN AUTOMOBILE HEADLIGHT?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)? b. Several blocks away? c. A block away? d. Several yards away? e. Other

11. DID THE OBJECT:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Circle One for each question)
Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
f. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes No Don't Know

12. DID THE OBJECT MOVE BEHIND SOMETHING AT ANYTIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.

13. DID THE OBJECT MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING AT ANYTIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.

14. DID THE OBJECT APPEAR: (Circle One) a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. DID YOU OBSERVE THE OBJECT THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING?
a. Eyeglasses - Yes No
b. Sun glasses - Yes No
c. Windshield - Yes No
d. Window glass - Yes No
e. Binoculars - Yes No
f. Telescope - Yes No
g. Theodolite - Yes No
h. Other

- page 17 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with various questions and prompts for the observer to fill out.

Here is the text from the document:

14. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None
b. Color - Silver

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                 b. Sharply outlined
                 c. Don't remember
                 d. Other -

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 18 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The page contains various questions and prompts related to describing and analyzing a sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
Starouny

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. 
2-3 feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand: 
(Circle One): a. Head of a pin b. Pen c. Nickel d. Quarter e. Silver dollar f. Baseball g. Grapefruit h. Basketball i. Other _____ j. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
Fading

24. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could separately show the object that you saw. Of what type material would you think it was? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

OCR Text Output:
20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
Starouny
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. 
2-3 feet.
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand: 
(Circle One): a. Head of a pin b. Pen c. Nickel d. Quarter e. Silver dollar f. Baseball g. Grapefruit h. Basketball i. Other _____ j. Half dollar
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Uncertain
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
Fading
24. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could separately show the object that you saw. Of what type material would you think it was? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs or illustrations, only text. I will proceed to act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and output all the text found in the document.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. In a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other _______________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?  
c. In open country-side?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _______________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it? ____________________________

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast  
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? __________________

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes
No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees. 
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains sketches and diagrams that are part of a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcription of text in the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds, e. Don't remember
34.2 WIND (Circle One): a. No wind, b. Slight breeze, c. Strong wind, d. Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One): a. Cold, b. Cool, c. Warm, d. Hot, e. Don't remember
35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
36.2 Please list their names and addresses.
37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 22 -

