PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
14 January, 1960

2. LOCATION
Bloomfield, Connecticut

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local     9:00
GMT       21.002

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐Ground-Visual    ☐Ground-Radar
☐Air-Visual       ☐Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. PHOTOS
☐Yes
☒No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
60 Seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
NW to West

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Follow-orange object which appeared as a light in the sky, size the of a pin. Had a low humbling sound.

11. COMMENTS
It appears that the witness saw a jet type a/c with the steady tail light. These lights can be seen from approximately 60 deg to both sides of dead astern. The public could have been the sound of this same a/c.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐Was Balloon
☐Probably Balloon
☐Possibly Balloon
☐Was Aircraft
☐Probably Aircraft
☐Possibly Aircraft
☐Was Astronomical
☐Probably Astronomical
☐Possibly Astronomical
☐Other
☐Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐Unknown

- page 1 -

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Text appears to be handwritten but is mostly illegible]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South         g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at this object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South         g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest     h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South         g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest     h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

- page 2 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on this curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6

- page 3 -

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
    a. Clear sky
    b. Hazy
    c. Scattered clouds
    d. Thick or heavy clouds
    e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
    a. No wind
    b. Slight breeze
    c. Strong wind
    d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
    a. Dry
    b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Snow
    e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
    a. Cold
    b. Cool
    c. Warm
    d. Hot
    e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
5     Jan     1960

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes    No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes    No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted/Blacked out]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes    No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Partially illegible handwritten text]

Page 7 is noted at the top right of the document.

- page 4 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the spread of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ________________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ________________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]

What is your present job? Aeronautical Antlery, Hamilton Standard Division, United Aircraft Corp.

Age: [redacted]
Sex: [redacted]

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College [appears to say "some"]
d. Post graduate

e. o. Technical school
    (Type)
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 4   En   1960

[At bottom of page, handwritten note appears to read:]
All the information in this questionnaire is given to the best of my knowledge. I took own sighting this UFO and gave the facts - I wrote on Jan. 5, 1960 at the Air Force Base.

- page 5 -

Here is the text I can see in the image:

90° Zenith

7:00 PM
7:00 PM

225° SW
270°
315° NW

135° SE
90° E
45° NE

180° S
0° N

The image appears to be a diagram showing a spherical representation of the sky with a horizon line and a stylized landscape at the bottom, with various directional and angular markings.

- page 6 -

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET

Location: Bloomfield, Connecticut
Date: 4 JAN 60     Hour (L) 2900     9920 LOCAL
WX: CLEAR SKY - DRY AND COOL
Description: SIZE OF HEAD OF A GUN NO CROSS
LENGTH - YELLOW-ORANGE IN COLOR - VERY SLOW
BURNING NOISE AS IT DISAPPEARED - FLAXY
EDGES - SOFT CIRCULAR - BRIGHT AS CAR LIGHTS, MT. MILE.
13 SIGHT 60 SECONDS
Direction of Motion: NORTH-WEST TO WEST
Satellite: (AFCIN-AFG, Phone 69219) CHECKED 24 FEB 60

Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc): OBJECT IN SIGHT
YELLOW METEOR - MOVING TOO FAST FOR PLANET 26 MILE.

Radar Analysis (AFCIN-461): N/A

Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc):

Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc.: POSSIBLY AIRCRAFT

Other:

Evaluation of Source Reliability: UNKNOWN

Analysis and Conclusions: IT APPEARS THAT THIS WITNESS SAW AN AIRCRAFT (JET TYPE) WITH THE STEADY TAIL LIGHT - THESE AIRCRAFT LIGHTS CAN BE SEEN FROM APPROXIMATELY 100° BOTH SIDES OF DEMO PATTERN. THE BURNING COULD HAVE BEEN THE SOUND OF AIRCRAFT SOME MILES AWAY.

Signed.

- page 7 -

SAFOI-24/Maj Packer/mib/72291

15 January 1960

Dear Mr.

This is to acknowledge your letter of 5 January 1960 regarding the sighting of an unidentified flying object in the vicinity of Bloomfield, Connecticut on 4 January.

Your letter contains insufficient information for a valid conclusion. Therefore, request you complete the attached Air Force questionnaire in regard to this sighting and forward the completed paper to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio for analysis and evaluation.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Inclosure

Mr.
Bloomfield, Connecticut

Comeback 01-31
Reader 01-1

- page 8 -

Unidentified Flying Objects Group
U. S. Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

At almost exactly 7:00 PM Eastern Standard Time on January 4, 1960, I saw an apparently unexplainable light in the northwest. I had stepped out of the back door of my home and happened to look skyward, noting that the night was cool and clear. Almost immediately I saw a light in the northwest, at an elevation of approximately 25 to 30 degrees. It was moving slowly but perceptibly toward the west at a speed such that it took about 30 to 40 seconds to move into a position almost due west of where I was standing, and it remained at about the same angular elevation during its motion.

The light was yellow-orange in color, and it was this characteristic, rather than its motion, that first attracted my attention. The light was slightly brighter than a first magnitude star and although its small size was close to the limit of resolution of my vision, the light appeared to have an area considerably larger than the apparent size of a star, perhaps being approximately circular in shape. I squinted to increase the sharpness of the image, and the light still appeared to be circular in shape.

After watching the light for about 15 seconds, I summoned my sister to see it, and I walked to the side of the house --- away from the glare of a porch light --- to continue watching it. My sister arrived, watched for about 15 seconds, then went indoors because of the cold. Very soon afterward the light, by now about due west of me, began to slow up. Then it just about stopped, and over a period of 5 seconds its intensity dropped to a level such that the light was barely visible. Ten seconds later it disappeared from view entirely. I kept looking for it for several more minutes, but did not see it reappear. Within a few seconds of the time it disappeared, I heard a rather loud rumbling sound like thunder, coming from the general direction where I had last seen the light.

However, the low frequency of the rumble prevented me from accurately judging the direction from which it came. At no other time was there an audible sound connected with this moving light. I recall listening carefully for any sounds while I was watching the light. My ears were not covered by a hat and while noise level in this rural neighborhood was extremely low. There was very little wind to blow the sound in another direction.

I do not discount the possibility that the rumble I heard was a large truck on a main street a thousand feet from my home. However I doubt that it was thunder as there were no clouds in the sky, weather conditions were stable, and no thunder was heard for many hours before and after the time I saw the light. The sun had set about 4:30 PM and no glow was visible on the western horizon at 7:00 PM, when the light was seen. The temperature was about 15 to 25 degrees Fahrenheit, at no time did I see any other lights accompanying this single light, such as aircraft running lights.

Yours truly,

- page 9 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
(Please Print)

SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: Feb. 4, 1960

(Do Not Write in This Space)
CODE:

The following is a copy of my letter of January 5, 1960, which was answered by Major Lawrence J. Tacker:

At almost exactly 7:00 P.M. Eastern Standard Time on January 1, 1960, I was on apparently remarkable light in the northwest. I had stepped out of my home and happened to look skyward, noting that the night was cool and clear, almost immediately I saw a light in the northwest, at an elevation of approximately 25 to 30 degrees. It was moving slowly but recently toward the west at a speed such that it took about 30 to 40 seconds to move into a position almost due west of where I was standing, and it remained at about the same angular elevation during its motion.

The light was yellow-orange in color, and it was this characteristic, rather than its motion, that first attracted my attention. The light was slightly brighter than a first magnitude star and although its small size was close to the limit of resolution of my vision, the light appeared to have an area considerably larger than the apparent areas of a star, perhaps being approximately circular in shape. I squinted to increase the sharpness of the image, and the light still appeared to be circular in shape.

After watching the light for about 15 seconds, I summoned my sister to see it, and I walked to the side of the house -- away from the glare of a porch light -- to continue watching. My sister arrived, watched for about 1 minute, then went indoors because of the cold. Very soon afterward the light, by now about due west of me, began to glow up. Then it just about stopped, and over a period of 5 seconds it gradually dropped to a level such that it was barely visible. Ten seconds later it disappeared from view entirely. I kept looking for it for several more minutes, but did not see it reappear. Within a few seconds of the time it disappeared, I heard a rather loud rumbling sound, very much

- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 10

like thunder, coming from the general direction where I had last seen the light. However, the low frequency of the rumble prevented me from accurately judging the direction from which it came. At no other time was there an audible sound connected with this moving light. I recall listening carefully for any sounds while I was watching the light. My ears were not covered by a hat and ambient noise level in this rural neighborhood was extremely low. There was very little wind to blow the sound in another direction.

I do not discount the possibility that the rumble I heard was a large truck on a main street a thousand feet from my home. However, I doubt that it was thunder as there were no clouds in the sky, weather conditions were stable, and no thunder was heard for many hours before and after the time I saw this light. The run had set about 4:30 PM and no low was visible on the western horizon at 7:00 PM, when the light was seen. The temperature was about 45 to 25 degrees Fahrenheit. At no time did I see any other lights accompanying this single light, such as aircraft running lights.

There is some further information which I would like to add. One thing that I consider very unusual about this UFO sighting is that I happened to be in a position to see this UFO as a result of an interesting coincidence.

About an hour before the UFO was seen, I decided to go into downtown Hartford, several miles away, to take some books out of the library. I picked up my library card from the place where it has been kept for years, and placed it in my shirt pocket. The place where I always put documents or notes that I am using and want to take somewhere. However, after selecting the books I wanted at the library, I went to check them out and suddenly realized that I had forgotten to bring the library card.

The strange thing was, I had brought the library card. I asked the checkout girl at the library several times to let me take the books out without my card, but she insisted that this was against the rules. For some reason it never occurred to me to look in the pocket and find the card. I spent several minutes, calling, sorting letters to mail, etc. It was just as if for a period of 30 minutes (the length of time between my attempt to check out the books and the time I arrived home afterward) two concepts had been erased from my mind: first, that I had purposefully picked up the library card before leaving the house, and second, that it was in the only pocket where I would logically have put it.

So, I drove home from the library, all the while mad at myself for having forgotten the card. At home, walked toward the place where I usually keep the card in the house, and just before getting there suitably remembered that the library card was in my pocket. I checked out of course 14 books. I then suddenly, went out the door on the way back down to the library to get the books, and 5 seconds after stepping out the back door saw this UFO.

This lapse of memory concerning my library card was the sole thing that enabled me to see this UFO. For 15 had remembered that I had remembered something, I would have checked out my books in a shorter time than I spent arguing with the girl, and would have come home a minute or two earlier, and would not have stepped out the door again.

I'd appreciate it if you'd let me know what the final evaluation is of this UFO sighting.

- page 11 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
4   Jan.    1960
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day:    7    00
                Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
            b. Central
            c. Mountain
            d. Pacific
            e. Other __________

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
            b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address is blacked out]
City or Town: Bloomfield    State or Country: Connecticut

Additional remarks: [partially illegible text]

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:    10    Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain    b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight    d. Just a trace of daylight
            b. Dull daylight    e. No trace of daylight
            c. Bright twilight    f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
            b. In back of you    e. Overhead
            c. To your right    f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (15 OCT 54)

- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):                                8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                                                a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                                               b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                                                c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember                                      d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One):    a. Yes    b. No    c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One):    a. A mile or more away? (a distant car?)
                 b. Several blocks away?
                 c. A block away?
                 d. Several yards away?
                 e. Other

11. Did the object:                                    (Circle One for each question)    Yes    No    Don't Know
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
    c. Break up into parts or explode?
    d. Give off smoke?
    e. Change brightness?
    f. Change shape?
    g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: ____________________

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved in front of: ____________________

14. Did the object appear:    (Circle One):    a. Solid?    b. Transparent?    c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?    Yes    No
    a. Eyeglasses                                          e. Binoculars
    b. Sun glasses                                         f. Telescope
    c. Windshield                                          g. Theodolite
    d. Window glass                                        h. Other

- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound: A low rumble in the distance & disappears
    b. Color: Light - Glow

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. On arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Handwritten text appears to be partially illegible, but seems to describe an object with some details about its appearance and distance]

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                 b. Like a bright star
                 c. Sharply outlined
                 d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

[Handwritten text says: "There was only one."]

- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, the "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

West

First sighting

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
[Blank line]
feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other: [blank]

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Its motion stopped then it remained stationary while it remained visible. Then it was also stationary for a period.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object you saw.

It would be a circular disc, sort of aluminum or white in color. It would be about 15 to 20 feet in diameter if placed in the sky.

- page 15 -

