The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book archive, containing various fields such as the date, location, type of observation, number of objects, and a brief summary of the sighting. The text in the image is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
19 June 1960
2. LOCATION  
Coudersport, Pennsylvania
3. DATE/TIME GROUP
06/19/2215Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
XXX Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS
 Yes
 No
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 minutes
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Report scat in two yrs. after sight ing. There were two whitish objects observed crossing the sky. They changed directions and then disappear ed over the horizon. Sightings in early evening toward the East. Objects disappear ed to the West.
12. CONCLUSIONS
 Was Balloon
 Probably Balloon
 Possibly Balloon
 Was Aircraft
 Probably Aircraft
 Possibly Aircraft
 Was Astronomical
 Probably Astronomical
 Possibly Astronomical
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown
11. COMMENTS
Nothing conflicting with analysis. B.S./S. Report submitted on form 104. Information sketchy.

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book document that contains written descriptions and a hand-drawn sketch.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Whirr
b. Color - Light yellowish metal (Dull?)

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object(s) you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and specially point out rails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch shows an object with an arrow indicating it was moving from East to South.]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
2
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

[A hand-drawn sketch shows two objects with an arrow indicating they were travelling from right to left.]

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, potentially from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and spaces for handwritten responses.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or one's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Text Output:
20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or one's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

UNCLASSIFIED

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Looking at the sky out of the car window, The object first when I got out & was that I could hardly see its shape.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from the horizon (elevation):
31.1 When it first appeared: ___ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: ___ degrees.

- page 4 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line and an object above the horizon, with instructions to imagine the object's position relative to the horizon when you first saw it. The second sketch shows a larger view with a person standing on a road, and a smaller inset sketch showing the view from the person's perspective.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the image. 

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year
Oklahoma April

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list the names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones? 
From the age of 13 I have seen strange objects move at high speeds across the sky. Some were large, circular and glowing, while others were smaller, diamond-shaped and very fast. These sightings occurred over a period of 19 years.

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Can not determine what it was

- page 6 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions and blanks for the witness to fill out.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No. IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 0 - 650 -?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No. IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 100,000 ft.

41. Please give the full information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
Age: 10 Sex: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent: Gr. at High School.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 8 17 1963

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, containing a handwritten description of an observed UFO event.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filled and checked in accurately, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may restate the information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: (Please Print)
SIGNATURE: 
DATE: 1/7/63

Several of these ships have been seen regularly from East Coudersport, they always travel from East to West. Some are large & some are small. They go from a step to 40,000 (?) mph. They have a blue green (blue) light on the top - this is the only visible part. They could be all possible information on these object ships.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a handwritten letter describing a UFO sighting.

The text of the letter is as follows:

Dear Sirs,

Recently I have had occasion to look into a matter which I believe may have some significance. This I have not a photo or print to bring in as some of these have appeared, seemingly to have been very true, but I have a little to tell and you might find it worthwhile investigating.

Sometime ago, while on a trip up North Central Pennsylvania in search of a lead, I got a little tired and stopped to rest. While here I saw a strange object high in the clear sky, seemingly circular and at times reflected light at various angles. It was unlike any aircraft I have ever seen and I am familiar with most type. Some of these have been reported but I'd hard to tell if they are real or imagined. I realize I cannot describe this accurately, but is quite unlike anything I have witnessed before. I would caution you not to make an open report before you have checked thoroughly as no doubt you have had many of these reports and you know how wise we must be. If this has any significance, I would be glad to cooperate and would appreciate a word from you on the matter.

Sincerely yours,

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document with text that appears to be part of a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document reads:

"If you're a woman, could you give me information, or still, you would know a terrific flying saucer story in my region. I have not found in this case in your official files what I know with certainty has taken place. My government told me this news must not be spread. It appears to oppose it is suppressed. I wish you please advise me what I could do about it, to know more about this. 
Thank you
for"

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph or image, but rather shows an envelope addressed to "Dept. of Defense, Washington, D.C.".

OUTPUT:

Dept. of Defense,
Washington, D.C.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a "Secretary of Defense Routing Slip" form, which seems to be part of a historical document related to Project Blue Book.

Transcribing the text from the document:

SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ROUTING SLIP
TO    ACTION    INFO
SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
DEPUTY SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (ADMIN)
SECRETARY OF THE ARMY
SECRETARY OF THE NAVY
SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE, 597
CHAIRMAN, JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF
DIRECTOR, DEFENSE RESEARCH AND ENG
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (CD)
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (COMP)
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (F & L)
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (ISA)
APPROPRIATE ACTION:
REPLY DIRECT (Prepare reply to Secretary of Defense)
INFORMATION AND RETENTION
DATA ON WHICH TO BASE A REPLY
COMMENT AND/OR RECOMMENDATION
REMARKS
THIS IS AN ACTION COPY
ACTION DUE NOT LATER THAN: JAN 28 1963

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a memorandum from the Department of the Air Force Office of the Secretary dated February 4, 1963. The text of the memorandum is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY 

MEMORANDUM
February 4, 1963

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Thank you for your letter of January 20th and for your concern of the welfare of this Country. 

It is intended that you letter did not contain sufficient information for an evaluation of your sighting. Will you please complete the attached form and being the pre-addressed envelope, mail it to this Office.

Upon evaluation of the information you submit, you will be advised by this office.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM J. LOOADDO
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Div
Office of Information

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a memorandum from the Department of the Air Force Office of the Secretary, dated February 4, 1963. The memo is addressed to a "Colonel Friend" and requests that this office advise upon the evaluation of the 154 to be submitted by Mr. [redacted].

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE 
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY
MEMORANDUM
February 4, 1963

Dear Colonel Friend:
Please advise this office upon the evaluation of the 154 to be submitted by
Mr. [redacted].

Sincerely,
[redacted]

- page 14 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a technical information sheet with various questions that were likely filled out by a witness.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as there, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 19 June 60
2. Time of day: 6:15 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? (Town, City, State or Country) Coudersport, Pennsylvania
5. How long was object in sight? 0 Hours 12 Minutes 0 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Hazy c. Raining, calm, wind, rain
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions about the observed object.

S. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. As a light
b. Shiny
c. Dark
d. Don't remember

10. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS?

11. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Glow or pulsate?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

12. DID THE OBJECT MOVE BEHIND SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD? (Circle One)
Yes / No / Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

13. DID THE OBJECT MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD? (Circle One)
Yes / No / Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

14. DID THE OBJECT APPEAR: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't Know

15. DID YOU OBSERVE THE OBJECT THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING? (Circle all applicable)
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass
e. Binoculars
f. Telescope
g. Theodolite
h. Other _________________________

- page 16 -

