PROJECT 1007 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
16-20 Jul 60

2. LOCATION
West Babylon, New York

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2030EDT
GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☑ Ground/Visual
☐ Binoculars & telescope
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☑ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
SE-N

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Bright moving object. When viewed through binoculars and a 50 power telescope there appeared to be something rotating pendulum-like around the object. Further there appeared to be aprox 15 pieces of debris following in the wake of the object. This debris would disappear at the same time as the object. Object would disappear when directly overhead.

11. COMMENTS
It is concluded that the objects of these sightings were probably weather balloons.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☑ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

(ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52))

- page 1 -

HEADQUARTERS
AIR RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Eglin Air Force Base, Florida

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: PGRN/Capt Smith/3219                                   15 August 1960
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting

TO:    CONAC
        Mitchel AFB, N. Y.

The attached letter from a [redacted] Babylon, New York, concerning UFO sighting is forwarded for appropriate action required by paragraphs 4b and 6, AR 200-2. No action has been taken at this Center in regard to the report of unidentified flying objects.

FOR THE COMMANDER

MICHAEL SHAY
Lt Col, USAF
Chief, Technical Information &
Analysis Office

1 Atch
Ltr fr [redacted]
Babylon, N.Y.,
dtd 22 Jul 1960

- page 2 -

Heating Contractors
OIL BURNERS INSTALLED AND SERVICED
BOILER UNITS                FUEL OIL
Lindenhurst, Long Island, N. Y.

July 22, 1980

Elgin Air Force Base
Rocket Firing Division.

Dear Sirs:

I do not know whether you are the proper authorities to inform or not, but here goes.

On the evening of July 16th, I noticed a small bright object in the sky. Observing it with a pair of 7 x 50 binoculars, I surmised it was another one of those 100' diameter balloons. When it was directly overhead, it disappeared. From view. I figured the angle would not permit the suns rays to be transmitted to earth also that would be the last we would see of it.

The next night out of curiosity, my brothers and nephews looked up in the sky, same time and place. There it was again. Looking at it with the binoculars and a 60 power telescope, we could see about eight to fifteen pieces of rocket debris floating along with it. We observed this balloon for four nights, last being seen on July 20th, at 8:32 P. M.

I would say it was about 8-10 miles in space, because it was at least three times smaller than the one I saw previously, which the papers said was about 450 miles out.

Usually, a balloon shot only lasts for a day. Being that this one lasted for four days, we thought, you would like to know. Any other information you would like to know, we will be glad to give you. Would also appreciate an answer to confirm the receipt of this letter. Thank you.

Yours truly,

[Signature and address redacted]

- page 3 -

Air Proving Ground Center, Eglin AFB, Fla., 15 August 1960,
Subj: UFO Sighting

1st Ind (DO)                                                  19 August 1960
Hq 2500 AB Wg, Mitchell AFB, NY

TO: ATIC, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Attached letter forwarded for action you may deem appropriate.

2. Mr. [redacted] has been advised that his letter has been
forwarded to your organization.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
ROBERT W. MYERS
Lt Colonel, USAF
Director of Operations                                         1 Atch
                                                               nc

2d Ind (AFCIN-Le2x)
Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

To: Hq 2500th AB Wing (DO), Mitchel AFB, N. Y.

Request the attached UFO report from Mr. [redacted] investigated in accordance with AFR 200-2, dated 14 September 1959. Also request the other witnesses mentioned in the report in be contacted and all information forwarded to ATIC.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components                              1 Atch
                                                               n/c

2

- page 4 -

Air Routing Ground Center, Bldg NW, Fla., 15 August 1960, Subj: UFO Sighting

3rd Ind (JO)
Hq 2500 AB WG, Mitchell AFB, NY

TO: ATIC, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. On 7 September at 1930 hours, Mr. [redacted] of Babylon was visited to investigate the report of the unidentified flying objects. In attendance were [redacted] brother and two nephews, all of whom had seen the unidentified object.

2. The following is a synopsis of the information obtained:

a. On the evening of 16 July 1960 at approximately 2030 hours E.D.S.T. (0030, 17 July), [redacted] was experiencing difficulties with T.V. reception and he went out to check the antenna. While looking at the antenna he observed a bright moving object approaching from the southeast at a 45 degree elevation. He continued to observe this object blinking perhaps it was the Echo I and it gradually began to veer to the west until it seemed to be directly overhead. When it was directly overhead, he could see it was a solid object.

b. The following evening [redacted] his brother and two nephews began looking for the object at the same time and in the same direction and it reappeared within a time or two of the initial sighting time of the previous evening. These sightings lasted for five days (16-20 July), the object always appearing from the same direction at approximately the same time and disappearing at almost the same time when directly overhead.

c. [redacted] stated that when 7 X 50 binoculars and a 60 power telescope were used there appeared to be something rotating, perhaps like a canister from which this object could have been released. Further, upon examination through the 60 power telescope there appeared to be approximately 15 pieces of debris following in the wake of the object. This debris would also disappear at the same time as the object.

d. During each of the sightings the weather was clear with unlimited visibility and at this time of the year sunset was at approximately 2100 hours E.D.S.T.


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

e. With regards to the physical characteristics of the object, it was 6 feet long, 15 feet to size, round in shape, had no discernible color or features. No trail, oil or exhaust were visible nor did it emit any sound that could be heard.

f. The location from which these sightings were made is West Babylon, Long Island, New York approximately 200 yards west of the boundary between West Babylon and West Islip, L.I. (73°20' W. Longitude, 40°42' N. Latitude).

g. [Redacted] years of age, resides at [redacted] in West Babylon, L.I., New York and is employed as an oil heater serviceman by the E.H. Wolter Co. of Lindenhurst, L.I., New York.

h. [Redacted] is 45 years of age, resides at West Babylon and is employed as a grounds keeper by the Union Free School District of Babylon.

i. [Redacted] age 15 and [redacted] age 13, sons of [redacted] are students at the Union Free School District.

j. The weather was clear during the period 16-20 July. Prevailing winds for this period were, with one exception, from a westerly direction.

k. During this period the cloud cover ranged from 1000' to 10000' scattered. Visibility ranged from 6 to 20 miles and at no time did the cloud cover exceed 5/10. There were no thunderstorms in the vicinity during the reported period.

l. At the times of the sightings of the unidentified object, there were no unusual meteorological or astronomical conditions reported which would account for the object.

m. At 0004 hours daily, the U.S. Weather Bureau Station at N.Y. International Airport, which is approximately 40 (45) miles west southwest of the scene, noted a weather balloon. In view of the sighting time of the object, the description of the pendulum like affair dangling below it, and the time of release of the weather balloon, I am of the opinion that the unidentified object was the weather balloon.

Followed by a signature and notation:
Lt Colonel, USAF
Director of Operations

1 Atch
a/c

2.


- page 6 -

Case missing

Belehahr, chan

7/17/60
22 Jan75


- page 7 -

