Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
1 Jun 60

2. LOCATION
Ponce, Puerto Rico*

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1000-1100
GMT 011/520-600?

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
X Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
X No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
45 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
stationary

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
An object slightly W of the sun, so close that
it could only be seen by shielding eyes from
the sun. The object was higher than two cloud
layers and show brightly with the sun's reflection. One source reported that it was
spinning. After 45 min object was lost to sight

11. COMMENTS
The planet Venus was 7° removed from the
sun in a westward direction at the time
of the sighting and was of magnitude -3.4.
Appearance of spinning was probably due
to prolonged staring at an unsteady object so very near to the bright sun.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)

- page 1 -

June 6, 1960.

National Aeronautics & Space Administration
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

Could you tell me what the object was that I observed in the sky on Wednesday, June 1st?

We were sunbathing alongside the swimming pool of the Hotel Ponce Intercontinental, Ponce, Puerto Rico and we observed a roundlike object in the very high altitudes.

I am sure that we might never have noticed it, except that we were sunning ourselves and taking notice of cloud formations in the sky. At about 10:00 A.M. we noticed this object slightly East West of the Sun, so close that it could only be seen by shielding the Sun from your eyes. The object was higher than two cloud layers, and shown brightly with the Sun's reflection. It could be seen (by my wife) to be spinning.

In the forty-five minutes we followed its course, it never moved away from the Sun. At about 11:00 A.M. we lost sight of it and never re-sighted it again.

To be sure we were accurate, we pointed the object out to these at the hotel. He was as surprised as we were.

Could you confirm what object we sighted? Thank you.

Very truly yours,

- page 2 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

ATCN-442/Maj Friend/amc/69216/typed 20 June 60                     21 JUN 1960

UFO Sighting, Puerto Rico

SAFOI-3d (w/Col Tasker)

1. Mr. [redacted] his wife and friends were observing the planet Venus.
The planet was 70 removed from the sun a westward direction, and
was of magnitude -3.4 on 1 June 1960.

2. It is a new and novel experience for people to see planets in the
day time, and few know that it can be done without a telescope.

3. It is probable that [redacted] experiences that the object was
spinning was due to prolonged staring at an undetailed object so very
near to the bright sun.

4. It is quite understandable that the planet was lost to the witnesses
after a long period of staring at such a bright area. The planet was
still there and if the witnesses had allowed their eyes sufficient rest
they would have again been able to pick out the object.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
NICHOLAS POST
Acting Deputy
Science and Components

1 Atch:
Cy ltr 10 June 60 fr Office
of Public Info w/1 atch

COORDINATION:
[Handwritten notes]
H.S. Martin 6/20/60

- page 3 -

AP

June 10, 1960

Dear Mr.

I wish to acknowledge your letter of June 6th.

The NASA did not conduct an experiment in the vicinity of Puerto Rico on June 1st. Therefore, I am forwarding your letter to the Department of Defense for further reply.

Yours very truly,

[Signature redacted]

(Copy to: Dept. of Defense)

- page 4 -

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OPI: AFCIN-1452

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, Puerto Rico, Mr. H. I. Morrow

TO: SAFOI-3d (L/Col Tackyr)

1. Mr [redacted] wife and friends were observing the planet Venus. The planet was 70° removed from the sun in a westward direction, and was of magnitude -3.4 on 1 June 1960.

2. It is a new and novel experience for people to see planets in the day time, and few know that it can be done without a telescope.

3. It is probable that Mr [redacted] experience that the object was spinning was due to prolonged staring at an undetailed object so very near to the bright sun.

4. It is quite understandable that the planet was lost to the witnesses after a long period of staring at such a bright area. The planet was still there and if the witnesses had allowed their eyes sufficient rest they would have again been able to pick out the object.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

NICHOLAS POST
Acting Deputy
Science and Components

1 Atch
Cy ltr 10 June 60 fr Office of Public Info w/1 atch

- page 5 -

SAFOI-34/Col Tacker/77466/24 Jun 60

24 June 1960

Dear [redacted]:

This is to acknowledge your letter of 6 June 1960 concerning an unidentified object you sighted on June 1st while vacationing in Puerto Rico.

A carefully analysis reveals the fact that your group observed the planet Venus. The planet was 7 degrees removed from the sun in a western direction and was of magnitude minus 3.4 on that date.

It is a rather novel experience to see planets in the daytime and many people do not realize that this is possible without a telescope. The indication that the object was spinning was probably due to prolonged staring at the planet while it was so close to the bright sun. It is also quite understandable that the planet was lost to sight after a long period of viewing this bright area.

I trust this information explains your sighting satisfactorily.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

SAFOI-34 - Comeback
SAFOI-1 - Reading

- page 6 -

