The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

8 October 60 (about)
Westford, Massachusetts
Civilian
UNRLIABLE REPORT
Report sent in by witnesses. No case file.
COURSE: Witnesses called NICAP investigators. Case 23 Oct 60. Report found as unreliable. Second hand data,
details sketchy and unsubstantiated. Witness called into altitude and azimuth at time of sighting but was looking at the ground.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather text from an old Project Blue Book report document. Here is the text from the document:

ADDRESS: 
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT 
LOCATION: WESTFORD, MASSACHUSETTS
DATE: 8 OCTOBER 1960 
DETAILS:
Information was received from a reliable source that an unidentified flying object was observed over the town of Westford, Massachusetts, at approximately 0200 hours EDT on 8 October 1960. The object was described as being from 40 to 50 feet in diameter and having a bright orange color. It was observed to hover over a wooded area for a period of approximately 15 minutes, then it accelerated rapidly and disappeared from sight. Two other witnesses, in separate locations, also reported observing the same object at the same time. 
REMARKS:
This unidentified flying object sighting is being forwarded to your office for further investigation and evaluation. The above information is based upon a report received from a reliable source.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographic content. It appears to be a handwritten document with text describing some kind of observation or report.

Housante
9.00 
8.15
3.cc
2.22

They saw an object traveling about 3000 feet high pass over at about 3500 feet. The object was very bright and white in color and changing from round to elongated in shape. It was visible for about 15 seconds. 
There were 2 witnesses to this sighting.
Due to the distance the object was traveling, the witnesses were unable to determine the exact size. However, they stated that it was very large.
The object was traveling in a Southwest direction at a high rate of speed.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

23 October, 1960
Subject: UFO Sighting
To: Commander
United States Air Force
Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
From: WITHHELD
WITHHELD, Massachusetts

1. On the evening of 8 October 1960, at approximately 8:50 p.m. EDT, I observed an object in the sky over Westford, Massachusetts, which I believe to be a UFO.

2. The object was first sighted in the southwest sky, approximately 15 degrees above the horizon. It was traveling in a northeasterly direction at a high rate of speed. The object appeared to be circular in shape, approximately 15 to 20 feet in diameter, and was emitting a bright white light.

3. As the object passed directly overhead, I observed that it was not an aircraft, helicopter, or any other known type of man-made vehicle. It was completely silent and did not appear to have any visible means of propulsion.

4. The object continued on its northeasterly course and disappeared from sight in the distance.

5. I am a college-educated professional and have had some experience in observing aircraft. I am confident that the object I saw was not a conventional aircraft or any other known type of man-made vehicle.

6. I request that this report be made a part of the official Project Blue Book files. If you have any questions or require additional information, please do not hesitate to contact me.

Sincerely,
WITHHELD

December 11, 1960

- page 4 -

The image appears to contain a typed document with the title "Mother, Son Report UFO Sightings" and text below it describing a report of flying saucers seen over Westford, Massachusetts. There is no photograph present in this image.

MRS. JOSEPH T. CHORNEY of Westford. and her son. STEVEN

Mother, Son Report UFO Sightings

Flying Saucers Seen Over Westford

Have you ever seen a flying large ship - a very dark object? A UFO occurred on April 13, 1960. at about 9:30 P.M. According to the statement of Mrs. Chorney and her 12-year old son, they saw one at that time . It hovered over their home for a while, then left, although they did not have a chance to get a close-up view of it. 

Mrs. Chorney says she saw it again on April 14, 1960. She watched it for quite a while then it left again. They do not know what it was, but believe it was a UFO. 

On April 13, they also saw a glowing UFO over their home at about 11:30 P.M. It hovered for a short time near their home, then zoomed up out of sight very rapidly. This was observed by Mrs. Chorney and her son.

On April 14, about 9:30 P.M., Mrs. Chorney and her son again saw an object, which they believe was a UFO. They watched it for about 10 minutes. It hovered over their home and then took off and disappeared. During this sighting, Mrs. Chorney said the object emitted a bluish-white light that illuminated the whole area.

This is Mrs. Chorney's report, as given to the project. Many air force and scientists have investigated this case but could find no explanation for what Mrs. Chorney and her son saw.

SAUCERS

(Continued from first page)

but it did not convinee the skeptics that it was a genuine UFO. Some have said that it could have been some well-known object that was misidentified. The object was estimated to have been about the size of a large automobile.

It hovered for a short time near the Chorney home and then disappeared at a rapid rate of speed. Mrs. Chorney felt convinced that what she and her son saw was nothing of this world.

The object gave off a bluish-white light that illuminated the whole area. This light was not a steady one, but seemed to be pulsating. The object's motion gave some indications that it was under intelligent control.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR output:

HICAP Massachusetts Subcommittee
Westford, Massachusetts

SUBJECT: UFO Reports
CONTENTS: Sightings 2958 or 1959 UFO Sighting, Acton, Massachusetts October 9, 1959 UFO Sighting, Harvard, Massachusetts November 14, 1959 UFO Sighting, Pembroke, Massachusetts

FROM: Redacted, Massachusetts Investigating Subcommittee 
National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena
Washington, D.C.

The following UFO Data is submitted for HICAP's files.

REP/ar

- page 6 -

