PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
1 Jul 60

2. LOCATION
Lake Nottawa, Michigan

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Level 2020
GMT 02/0120Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
✓ Ground-Visual
✓ Civilian

5. PHOTOS
✓ Yes
✓ No

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 1/2 min

7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
two

8. COURSE
not given

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation

9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Objects were oval shaped one half the diameter of the other, dim held at arm's length. Color--pearly hue or blue-gray. Objects maintained the same relative spacing, but were not close enough to each other to call in formation. They had a ring of lights around the center. No trail, smoke, or exhaust. No sound. Appearance described as bright and pleasant. Like looking at a dim light bulb. Sighted 45° elev. Observer estimated height at one mile. Angle of elev at disappearance unknown.

11. COMMENTS
There were 2 objects. Witnesses state that brightness of objects did not change when they went behind some light clouds, which is highly improbable, as a light becomes diffused when shining thru such a medium. The direction objects were observed was not reported, nor the direction in which they moved. A valid conclusion cannot be made as to nature of sighting due to limited information.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)

- page 1 -

JAMES C YOUNG
716 WEST CAMBRIDGE AVENUE
FERNDALE 20, MICHIGAN

Aug. 6, 1.60

Hq-git Patterson AFB Ste S
Div'n - F Unidentified Flying Object Study
hlo

Gentlemen,

I understand that persons observing unexplained or unidentified flying objects are encouraged to send in statements of their observ-tl'n, in an unbiased and scientific attitude.

I am sorry that the time between the sighting described on the enclosed sheet occurred is nearly 1 finally got around to sending, in the report, but i was busy on vacation and did not have o'r written access to a traveler. However, with my best efforts and that the events took place as here described, and with the i-validity and accuracy that i am able, i am writing this letter.

I am sure that ... Air Force maintains the Official attitude that, well, there are no such things as "flying saucers", but we just can't help it unless the C verify it has no meaning. We are, perhaps, somewhat skeptical. But we want to be absolutely sure that no error is being made. I am familiar with the military intelligence reports. I am positive that i have seen a few of those. But my personal study, and my knowledge of this field, but "such things can't be" I shall be glad to give my confidence in this matter.

Sincerely,

[Signature area is blacked out with black marker/ink]

- page 2 -

AFOIN-4-22

Request for Investigation of UFO Sighting

Selfridge AFB, Michigan

1. Request your organization conduct an investigation of an UFO sighting at Lake Nottawa, which is located southeast of Marshall, Michigan.

2. Attached is a copy of a letter from the witness, containing all its available information concerning the sighting. All witnesses to the sighting should be contacted, and their impressions of the sighting sent to this Center. All organizations, both military and civilian, who might be able to help identify the objects should be contacted, i.e., radar stations, weather stations, observatories, etc.

3. For guidance regarding investigation and reporting of sightings of unidentified aerial phenomena, refer to AFR 200-2, dated 14 September 1959.

4. The address of Mr. [redacted] is:
[redacted]
Fennville 20, Michigan

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, U.S. AF
Deputy for Science and Components

1 Atch:
Cy Itr, no date, fr Mr [redacted]

- page 3 -

Yo, the undersigned, wish to attest to the veracity of the following account of the sighting of two unidentified flying objects at 9:20 p.m. on July 1, 1960.

My wife and I were walking with our two young grandchildren in a southerly direction toward the cottage where we had been staying at Lake Michigan, some ten miles southeast of Marshall, Michigan, when our three year old grandson called our attention to the sky. We noticed that the bright lights in the sky were. We all saw two bright rune objects traveling silently in a generally southwest to northeast direction at some 45 degree elevation. The size was about that of a half the diameter of a dime at said elevation.

My first impression was that the objects were aircraft at such a distance that their engines could not be heard, and illuminated by the sun, which had set, but which, I thought, could still catch a high flying craft. However, at they passed this, they mentioned their round aspect. There are no ships, my wife, who has far better distance vision than I, claims that she could see a ring of lights about the middle, and in the center, and the ring, to an even shape with the perspective, indicating that they went as near a circle. All could be certain. As we could see our surroundings, the sky was very bright and pleasant in appearance. The outline was hazy rather than sharp.

We first saw the craft when they were opposite us, and they disappeared in the distance in about a minute and a half, thus indicating a horizon to horizon speed. Since three minutes after a rough guess, I saw the same objects at a diameter so as seventy-five feet, and their height at a mile. Thus the speed was beyond the comprehension of any human experience. This, I believe, was without the slightest sound, with no smoke, vapor trails, or any other evidence of motion.

At the same time as our observation, the sky began to change in the opposite direction, out of the clouds, with the appearance of a bright leader, until they faded out of sight.

The behavior of these two craft falls into no known pattern of observed flight. Crossing, crossing. Since four of us, to a cultist of thirty, and no children of three and four, had identical sense. Impressions, there is no possibility of hallucination. Furthermore, the fact of this sighting was made by child with no "background" is significant. The lift pattern was deliberate and volitional. The speed was be, and that of free balloons, especially since the evening, was perfectly calm. The absence of noise - and all of us have exceptionally keen hearing - takes the objects out of a powered class. The movement and absence of wings and the fact that even a plane shining through clouds are beyond my experience. I shall not attempt a hypothesis as to the nature of the craft, even that they seem so far known to class of similarity to objects called "flying saucers". I am a Detroit school teacher, and my wife is a Ferndale librarian.

Ferndale 20, Mich.

- page 4 -

UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Country of Activity Reporting: United States
Country or Area of Concern: Northeast United States
Activity: Antiwar WPAFB
1st Fighter Wing (Alef)
Selfridge AFB, Mich.

Date of Collection: 1 July 1960
Date of Report: 17 Aug 1960
Date of Report: 21 Sep 1960

Preparing Individual: 1st Lt. Larry A. Nitz, USAF

Subject: UFO Sighting

Summary:
On 1 July 1960, Mr. & Mrs. [redacted] observed two bright oval objects traveling across the sky. The behavior of these two objects following no pattern or powered or free floating aircraft known to the observer. This sighting was made by relatively credible witnesses. When the sighting cannot be particularly significant, no significance can be attached to it at this level.

Distribution: AIIC only.

Warning: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws. Title 18, U.S.C., Section 793 and 794. Its transmission or revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 5 -

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

1st Fighter Wing (Adef)
Selfridge AFB, Mich

REPORT NO.
60-1

PAGE 2 OF 3 PAGES

1. Description of the Objects:
a. Oval shape.
b. One half the diameter of a dime held at arm's length.
c. Color - pearly hue or blue-gray.
d. Two objects observed.
e. The objects maintained the same relative spacing, but were not close enough to each other to call in formation.
f. A ring of lights around the center.
g. No tail, trail, smoke, or exhaust.
h. No sound.
i. Appearance described as bright and pleasant, like looking at a dim light bulb.

2. Description of Course of Objects:
a. Three year old grandson called adult's attention to objects.
b. 45° elevation. Observer estimated height at one mile.
c. Angle of elevation at disappearance was unknown.
d. Objects maintained spacing and straight flight path until disappearing.
e. Objects went behind light clouds, yet even when observed through these clouds, they appeared as bright as before, then they disappeared as pin points of light.
f. Observation lasted a minute and a half.

3. Manner of Observation:
a. Ground-visual.
b. No optical aids were used.
c. N/A.

4. Time and Date of Sighting:
a. 0120Z, 2 July 1960.
b. Dusk.

5. Location of Observer: Lake Nottawa, 10 miles southeast of Marshall, Mich.

6. Identifying Information on Observers:
a. (1) [Redacted] 30 years of age
Ferndale, 20, Michigan
Mr. [Redacted] teaches music in the Detroit Public School system and was a very lucid and cooperative witness. However, he has done much reading and conjecture about "flying saucers" both before and after the sighting.

b. (2) [Redacted] 50 years of age
Ferndale, 20, Michigan
Mrs. [Redacted] is a librarian in Ferndale. She too was very lucid to the point of being poetic. She followed her husband's lead and usually just elaborated on his points. I feel that she is very susceptible to suggestion and is only a fairly reliable witness.

7. Weather and Winds:
a. Observer said that weather was clear with small cloud patches of thin clouds.
b. Selfridge AFB weather charts showed that southern Michigan was under a high pressure area with clear skies and no unusual weather phenomena at the time of the sighting.
c. No ceiling.
d. Visibility unlimited.
e. No cloud cover.
f. No thunderstorms.
g. Temperature gradient unknown.
h. No other unusual activity or condition.
i. No interception or identification action taken.

[Warning text at bottom of page]

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 6 -

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

Originating Agency: 1st Fighter Wing (Adef), Selfridge AFB, Mich
Report No.: 60-1
Page: 3 of 3 Pages

10. Detroit Air Defense Sector located near the sighting had nothing on their records indicating that these objects were picked up on radar. The FAA could offer no assistance since they kept their records only 30 days, then destroy them.

11. Preparing officer is a helicopter pilot in Base Operations. No additional evidence nor additional witnesses could be located to either confirm or refute the sighting.

12. No physical evidence available.

[Signature]
LARRY A. MITZ
1st Lt, USAF
Investigating Officer

[At bottom of page: Warning statement about unauthorized disclosure of document]

- page 7 -

