The image contains a Project 10073 Record Card with information about a UFO sighting. There is no photograph present in this particular document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 26 Sep 60
2. LOCATION: Italy
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2401
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Three
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 minutes
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Object observed from 2340-2350 at 1400. Shape was round, about 25 meters in diameter. Photo-graphs taken. Sightings of similar objects have occurred on this date 1/250 time lapse, object came into view. Than other lights were observed, possibly recherche, in one print, objects size increased, indicating camera was moved toward the background. Also in this print background appears overexposed, but objects are just as dark. Probably results of some economic atmospheric disturbance.

- page 1 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten page from a document, possibly a report or log entry.

Sept 60
Object not in sight any more of mine started to fall of

- page 2 -

The image appears to show a photograph of a landscape with a body of water and buildings in the distance. There are three dark, unidentified objects in the sky that seem to be flying in formation.

UNCLASSIFIED
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION ASTIA
1. Claim of sighting of unidentified flying object over Turin, Italy on 8 September 1960.
2. Witness description: 3 dark elongated objects sighted flying in formation at an altitude of 1,000 to 1,200 meters. No noise was heard. Objects were observed for approximately 2 minutes before disappearing.
3. Photographs submitted with report, depicting 3 dark objects in the sky.
4. Analysis: The objects sighted correspond to the description of a formation of unidentified flying objects. Photographs appear to provide corroborating evidence of the sighting. No further analysis or conclusions can be drawn from the limited information provided.

- page 3 -

The image appears to contain a photograph. The photograph shows three unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the sky, flying in a formation over a landscape with trees and what seems to be a body of water or a lake in the foreground.

UNCLASSIFIED
PROJECT BLUE BOOK
VISION ANALYSIS 
AN OBSERVATION ANALYSIS
FROM ITALY
16 December 1959

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFCIN-4E2x

SUBJECT: Request for Photoanalysis

TO: AFCIN-4D4a

1. Attached is a photograph of an alleged UFO with a copy of accompanying letter from "RICHARD R. SHOOP OFFICER, USAF AFCIN-4E2x" dated 22 September 1960.

2. Request photoanalysis be made of these photographs.

RICHARD R. SHOOP
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-4E2x

1st Ind (AFCIN-4D4a)  15 November 1960

TO: AFCIN-4E2x

1. A positive identification of the objects which appear in these three photo prints is not possible with the limited information furnished.

2. It is suggested that the negatives of these photographs be obtained if possible, and also that more details concerning the conditions under which the pictures were taken be given. Were the pictures taken through a window? Were the inside lights on? Were the photographs taken from an automobile?

3. The two photographs dated 26 Sep 60 show three images which cannot be explained from the analysis. It is stated in the letter dated 22 Sep 60 that the diameter of the object is such as to make it impossible to see more than a small and close to the camera or moving very rapidly. It is possible that the original print could be retouched since the intensity of the dark objects is much greater than the other dark areas on these prints.

WILBUR PRICE, JR.
Chief, AFCIN-4D

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed letter on NASA letterhead addressed to the Commander of the Wright Air Development Division in Ohio. The letter is regarding a correspondence received from Mr. Rocio Bailia in Italy, and the attached material is being forwarded for appropriate action. The letter is signed by R. C. Myers II, the Technical Assistant to the Director of the Office of Advanced Research Programs.

NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
NASA HEADQUARTERS 
WASHINGTON, NORTHWEST 
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

OCT 1 4 1960

TO: Commander
Wright Air Development Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

SUBJECT: Letter from Mr. Rocio Bailia, Italy

The attached material is forwarded for any action which your office feels is appropriate. No acknowledgement has been sent to Mr. Bailia.

R. C. MYERS II
Technical Assistant to Director
Office of Advanced Research Programs

Enclosure:
(Sub): Ltr & translation

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text transcribed from the document:

To NASA:

I am taking the liberty of writing you to call your attention to the enclosed photographs taken by a friend of mine on 9/26/60 at around 2 p.m. The shape of the objects was round, about 15 meters in diameter. Photographed with a shutter of 6.5, time 1/250, distance indistinct.

I have addressed myself to your kind courtesy not knowing where else to address myself and/or matter still being under reserve.

Always at your orders for possible clarifications. I ask that you kindly excuse my indiscretion.

Thanking your, I am

Very truly yours,

If this is not within your competence I would appreciate your referring it to the competent authorities. 

Thanking you again, I extend my cordial greetings.

Italia

Translation by S. D.
Lewis Research Center
Library Branch
10-5-60

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten text document in Italian, which describes an alleged UFO sighting or encounter. The text mentions some details about the size and appearance of the object, as well as the observer's reaction to it.

Text transcription:

Spett. NASA, M: sono permesso scriverVi, per sottoporre alla Vs. attenzione le presenti fotografie testimonanti un avvistamento effettuato da un mio amico il giorno 26-9-60, alle ore 14 circa. Forma di detti oggetti: rotonda, 8.15 metri circa. Fotografati con diaframma 6.5. Tempo 1/250 infinito. Mi sono rivolto alla Vs. cortesia, non sapendo dove altrimenti ed essendo la cosa ancora riservata. Sempre ai Vs. ordini, pregomì volermiscusare.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old document or report with handwritten Italian text.

Per la mia indiscrezione.
Ringraziando, porgo distinti e doverosi saluti.

Se questo non fosse di Vs. competenza, vi sarei grato se voleste inoltrarlo agli organi competenti.

Ringraziando nuovamente, porgo cordiali saluti.

ITALIA

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual content. It appears to be a typed note or text that describes the contents of a UFO report case, stating that it contains "1 3x4" photo, 1, 5x4" negative and 3, 8x10" photos."

This case contains 1 3x4" photo, 1, 5x4" negative and 3, 8x10" photos.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO analysis sheet.

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET
Location: Italy
Date (Local): xxx 26 Sep 60
Hour (Local): 17:00 
Hour (Z Use Gmt) 26/9/1300E Sep 60
Satellite: (Det 5 ATIC, Ext 3272) Ruled out
Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc): Ruled out
Radar Analysis (AFCIN-4L6): None
Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc): ---------
Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc: Fogs acft, but cannot conclude.
Other: Probably a hoax.
Evaluation of Source Reliability: Unreliable
Analysis and Conclusions: The prints was submitted to photo analysis. The information reported is too meager to allow a valid conclusion. The analyst states that the objects are either very small and close to the camera or large and distant. They appear to be quite dark compared to the other dark areas. It is possible that the negative or original print is underexposed. In one print, the objects size increased, indicating that they were closer to the camera than in the other print. However, the other objects in the print also increased in size, suggesting this was due to the objects being closer to the camera. The background appears to be overexposed, but the objects are just as dark as in the other print. These prints are probably the result of someone attempting to perpetrate a hoax.

- page 11 -

The image contains a photograph of a landscape showing a body of water, a shoreline with buildings, and three unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the sky.

TEXT PRODUCED BY OCR:

9 September 1960
SUBJECT: UFO SIGHTING
LOCATION: ITALY

On 8 September 1960, a local resident reported observing several unidentified flying objects over Spiazzi di Gromo, Italy at approximately 2130 hours. The witness stated that he saw three disc-shaped objects moving in a straight line formation at a high rate of speed across the sky. The objects appeared to be silvery-white in color and were observed for approximately 2-3 minutes before disappearing from view.

No other details or information is available regarding this reported UFO sighting.

- page 12 -

