PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
20 February, 1960

2. LOCATION
Grand Blanc, Michigan

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2/100 2

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
n/a

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
n/a

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Photographs of the moon were submitted when objects were noticed after film was developed.

11. COMMENTS
It is the opinion of the photo analysis branch that the objects on the film are not real images, but result from damage to the emulsion during the developing process.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other: Emulsion Glare
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

- page 1 -

UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION

WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

April 21, 1960

Grand Blanc, Michigan

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

I am in receipt of your letter dated April 13, 1960, and I wanted you to know that I have taken the liberty of furnishing the Department of the Air Force with a copy of your letter to this agency could reply to you concerning the return of the photographs you furnished to Special Agents of this Bureau. As you have been previously advised, these photographs when received from you were immediately furnished to the Office of Special Investigations, Department of the Air Force, Selfridge Air Force Base, Mount Clemens, Michigan.

It is suggested that you direct further inquiries in this matter to the Department of the Air Force.

Sincerely yours,

John Edgar Hoover
Director

1)- Office of Special Investigations
Air Force

Attention: Chief, Counterintelligence Division

REPRODUCTION AUTHORIZED

- page 2 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

ADIC-42/2/Mod Friend/smc/0216/typed 29 Apr 60

Unidentified Flying Object, [redacted]

SAFO-84 (Maj Tucker)

1. Reference attached copy of letter to ATIC from Hqo, Selfridge AFB, Michigan, Subject: "Unidentified Flying Object, [redacted] Grand Blanc, Michigan," dated 20 April 1960.

2. The color slides submitted by [redacted] have been analyzed at ATIC and the following is concluded:

a. The slides are of the Mare Imbrium area of the moon and one contains the crater Plato as the outstanding feature.

b. Only one slide contains anything unusual. There are several blue colored areas on the slide in question and only one of these spots is linearly oblong to the unaligned eye. The largest spot is irregularly shaped and is due south, moon directions, of the most obvious spot.

c. It is the opinion of photographic experts that the blue spots are areas which were not reached by the developer during processing and not real images. These areas were probably contaminated by some foreign substance during the developing process. When viewed with the naked eye from acute angles the most obvious spot shows a clear indentation. Microscopic examination reveals damage to the emulsion in the areas concerned.

3. The attached letter does not spell out the claims of [redacted] but the subject infers that he suspects the blue spots are unidentified flying objects. It should be pointed out to [redacted] that if the most obvious point was a space craft in the vicinity of the moon that it would be approximately 35 kilometers long and 10.5 kilometers wide (21.3 miles long and 6.55 miles wide).

4. It is the ATIC opinion that the blue spots on the slides are not images but result from damage to the emulsion, probably during the developing process.

5. Suggest the slides be returned to [redacted]. The subject's address is: Grand Blanc, Michigan

COORDINATION:

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP G. DAVIS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

1 Atch
C/1st 20 Apr 60 fr 1st Perry
w/Atch

- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

smcoi-33/MAJ Tacker/may/5015

11 May 1960

Dear [redacted]

I am returning, herewith, the color slides you submitted through California Air Force Base to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio for analysis and evaluation with respect to a possible unidentified flying object.

The color slides have been analyzed and the following represents conclusions of ATIC:

a. The slides are of the Mare Imbrium area of the moon and one contains the crater Plato as the outstanding feature.

b. Only one slide contains anything unusual. There are several blue colored areas on the slide in question and only one of these spots is immediately obvious to the unaided eye. The largest spot is irregularly shaped and is due south, moon direction, of the most obvious spot.

c. It is the opinion of the photographic experts that the blue spots are areas which were not reached by the developer during processing and not real images. These areas were probably contaminated by some foreign substance during the developing procedure. When viewed with the naked eye from acute angles the most obvious spot shows a clear indentation. Microscopic examination reveals damage to the emulsion in the areas concerned.

Therefore it is the Air Force's opinion that the blue spots on the slides are not images but result from damage to the emulsion during the developing processes. Thank you for your interest in this matter.

Sincerely,

[Signature]
LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Incl:
Slides

[Location redacted]
Grand Blanc, Michigan

- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

LT1009
Unidentified Flying Object, [redacted] Grand Blanc, Michigan

Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. In accordance with AFR 200-2 the attached file concerning an unidentified flying object photographed by Mr. [redacted], Grand Blanc, Michigan is submitted.

2. Although the processing of this incident could, under the provisions of paragraph 12A, AFR 200-2, be discontinued at this level it is considered for your review in light of press and governmental interest generated.

3. The investigation of this object has been limited to critical examination of the attached color slides and was conducted by use of projectors, the naked eye and microscope. Examination reveals the following:

a. The negative is extremely grainy while the object is well resolved.

b. All witnesses who viewed the photographic material stated they had seen similar marks on other color slides.

c. There is at least three other similarly colored areas on the slide in question, the largest being quite irregular in shape and faint in color.

d. When viewed by the naked eye under reflected light conditions the area of the film which contains the "object" shows a clear indentation.

e. Microscopic examination of the slide discloses damage to the emulsion in the areas concerned.

4. In view of the foregoing this organization contemplates no further investigation. This file is forwarded for the information of your activity and confirmation of our findings. Upon completion of your analysis the color slides should be returned to Mr. [redacted], Grand Blanc, Michigan.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature and additional details at bottom of page, partially illegible]

- page 5 -

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ATOEM-482

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object, Joseph Perry                                29 APR 1960

TO: SAFOI-3d (Maj Packer)

1. Reference attached copy of letter to ATIC from Hqrs, Selfridge AFB, Michigan, Subject: "Unidentified Flying Object," dated 26 April 1960, Grand Blanc, Michigan.

2. The color slides submitted by [redacted] have been analyzed at ATIC and the following is commented:

a. The slides are of the Mare Imbrium area of the moon and one contains the crater Plato as the outstanding feature.

b. Only one slide contains anything unusual. There are several blue colored areas on the slide in question and only one of those spots is medically obvious to the unaided eye. The largest spot is irregularly shaped and is due south, near direction, of the most obvious spot.

c. It is the opinion of photographic experts that the blue spots are not real images, but result from developing procedure and not real images. These areas were probably contaminated by some foreign substance during the developing procedure. When viewed with the naked eye from acute angles the most obvious spot shows a clear indentation. Microscopic examination reveals damage to the emulsion in the area.

3. The attached letter does not spell out the claims of Mr Perry, but the subject infers that he suspects the blue spots are unidentified flying objects. It should be pointed out to Mr Perry that the most obvious spot was a space craft in the vicinity of the moon that it would be approximately 35 kilometers long and 10.5 kilometers wide (21.3 miles long and 6.55 miles wide).

4. It is the ATIC opinion that the blue spots on the slide are not images but result from damage to the emulsion, probably during the developing process.

5. Suggest the slides be returned to Mr Perry. The subject's address is:
[redacted]
Grand Blanc, Michigan

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
PAUL P. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

1 Incl
Cy Itr 26 Apr 60 fr Mr Perry
w/Atch

- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

On February 13, at Grand Blanc, Michigan a greenish dome-topped disc-shaped UFO was photographed near the Moon by Restaurant Owner

FBI DISOWNS UFO PHOTO

The photograph taken by a Grand Blanc, Michigan, man February 13 showing a UFO against the moon (see March UFO Investigator) has been turned over to the Air Force by the FBI agents who collected it at the owner's request. This was confirmed by FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover in answer to a NICAP query.

Joe Perry, owner of the picture, Journed of the official UFO Investigation after displaying the picture in his restaurant and notified the Air Force about it. The AF referred him to the FBI and two agents came and took the picture. Director Hoover has now told NICAP that the Bureau does not investigate UFO reports for the Air Force, but does accept information that is volunteered. "We did furnish these photographs to a representative of the Department of the Air Force for whatever action was deemed appropriate by that agency," he added.

Later FBI agents visited Perry several more times and repeatedly gave him the exact address where his picture was being held—an office at a local AF installation. In a typed report to NICAP, Perry said he thinks they were hinting, "for him to take the picture back, this, he suspected, would give officials' investigator an easy out, if anyone inquired about the analysis, officials could claim that they were not in possession of it to complete an analysis. After talking about past experiences, however, Perry graphically described his view of his case and insist that his picture be analyzed, then returned public.

The FBI action may have been taken to offset any idea that the Bureau, which has the high regard of most citizens, would participate in any coverup of data which rightfully belonged to a citizen. The failure of the AF base to take further action has not been explained. NICAP has asked the AF UFO spokesman about the analysis and what further action may be expected.

BULLETIN

The Air Force has notified NICAP that the color photograph taken by Joseph Perry, Grand Blanc, Michigan, has been returned to the owner. "It is the Air Force's opinion," the letter said, "that the blue spots on the side are not images but result from damage to the emulsion during the developing process."

NICAP has asked Mr. Perry to make the slide available to NICAP photographic advisers who will check this conclusion.

At Grand Blanc, Michigan, Joe Perry, restaurant owner and amateur astronomer, took a few pictures of the moon in February. When the contact prints were developed, one showed clearly silhouetted against the lunar disc, a saucer-like object, radiating a green tail, and with a dome. Mr. Perry showed them around his restaurant, to customers and friends, and one individual said, "It's a flying saucer." Before long, two FBI agents dropped by, looked at the prints, were noncommittal when looking at them, and in Perry's words, "They didn't seem to be interested until I showed this particular one, and then both of them opened up." The agents took the photo showing the saucer, and several others. Perry said he hoped he has been cooperative. "I'd like to know what they think of it," he said. "I get that picture back." He said, in a recent letter to the analyst, said in part: "Will you be seen again—he might as well have burned it up!" The rest of the staff joins Hopf in saying members to keep a sharp eye on any picture of a UAO. Incidentally, the privilege of analyzing the film, with permission that the original negatives will be returned, if requested.

- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

HEADQUARTERS
SELFRIDGE AIR FORCE BASE
AND
1ST FIGHTER WING (AIR DEFENSE)(ADC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
SELFRIDGE AIR FORCE BASE, MICHIGAN

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TWOOP                                                     20 APR 1960

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object, Grand Blanc, Michigan

TO: Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. In accordance with AFR 200-2 the attached file concerning an unidentified flying object photographed by Mr. [redacted] in Grand Blanc, Michigan is submitted.

2. Although the processing of this incident could, under the provisions of paragraph 12a, AFR 200-2, be discontinued at this level it is forwarded for your review in light of press and governmental interest Mr. [redacted] has generated.

3. The investigation of this object has been limited to critical examination of the attached color slides and was conducted by use of projectors, the naked eye and microscope. Examination reveals the following:

a. The negative is extremely grainy while the object is well resolved.

b. All witnesses who viewed the photographic material stated they had seen similar marks on other color slides.

c. There is at least three other similarly colored areas on the slide in question, the largest being quite irregular in shape and faint in color.

d. When viewed by the naked eye under reflected light conditions the area of the film which contains the object shows a clear indication.

e. Microscopic examination of the slide discloses damage to the emulsion in the areas concerned.

4. In view of the foregoing this organization contemplates no further investigation. This file is forwarded for the information of your activity and contained in our findings. Upon completion of your analysis the color slides should be returned to Mr. [redacted] Grand Blanc, Michigan.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
F. E. CLANCY
Capt, USAF
Administrative Officer

1 Atch
w/c

- page 8 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

AFCSI-60  24-183-25

[Subject line is blacked out]

TO: SAFOI

1. The Federal Bureau of Investigation, by memorandum dated 9 March 1960, advised this Headquarters that Mr. [name blacked out] of [address blacked out], Grand Blanc, Michigan took some photographs of the moon through a homemade telescope at 0103, 21 February 1960. After developing the film and preparing his slides, he noticed two or three slides on the particular negatives, [text blacked out] stated the object thereon appeared to be flat on the bottom, oval in shape and to have a fluorescent glow. He said the object was evidently moving because the photograph showed what appeared to be a vapor trail. [Name blacked out] also stated that due to his thirty years of experience in photography, during which he has taken over a thousand photographs of the moon, he is sure that what appears on the slides is actually a flying object and not a malfunction of the camera.

2. The Federal Bureau of Investigation, by memorandum dated 9 March 1960, furnished the foregoing information and photographic slides to the Commander, GSI District, GSI Force Base, Selfridge Air Force Base, Michigan who in turn forwarded the information and slides to the Commander, Selfridge Air Force Base, Michigan in accordance with the procedures set forth in AFR 200-2.

3. Attached for your information and any action deemed appropriate is a copy of a letter from the Federal Bureau of Investigation, dated 6 April 1960 and a copy of a letter dated 21 March 1960, which was addressed to President Eisenhower by Perry, OSI District Nr. 25 has advised the Commander, Selfridge AFB, of action taken.

[Signature]
GILBERT R. LEVY
Chief, Counterintelligence Division
Directorate of Special Investigations
The Inspector General

2 Attachs:
1. Ltr fr FBI dtd 6 Apr 60
2. Ltr fr Perry dtd 21 Mar 60

Copy to:
AFOSI

- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

XEROX COPY

Grand Blanc, Michigan
March 28, 1960

Mr. D. Eisenhower, President U.S.A.
Washington, D.C.

Dear President Eisenhower:

As I can't find out any information from anyone, I am writing to you.

The first part of March I turned over to the A.D.C. a colored transparency of the moon and a unidentified flying object for identification. Up to this point I have not been able to locate where this came from. It is anyway that I proper handle.

Quoting from a letter of March 14, from Major Donald M. Keyhoe, concerning photographic evidence, I am consider it unduly clear that you will ever see your place.

Also, from other A.F.O. societies I have received the same position.

I would like the assurance that this colored transparency will be returned to me with a clear story as to where it came from. I am anxious to know.

I am anxiously awaiting from the Detroit News in regards to this idea.

Respectfully yours,
[Signature redacted]

XEROX COPY

- page 10 -

UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION

Date: April 6, 1960

To: Office of Special Investigations
Air Force
Attention: Chief, Counter Intelligence Division

From: John Edgar Hoover, Director

Subject: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
GRAND BLANC, MICHIGAN - COMPLAINANT
MISCELLANEOUS - INFORMATION CONCERNING

Reference is made to this Bureau's memorandum dated March 9, 1960, at Detroit, Michigan, captioned as above, a copy of which has been furnished your agency.

By letter dated March 21, 1960, Mr. Richard Hall, Secretary of the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, 1536 Connecticut Avenue, N. W., Washington, D. C.; referred this Bureau to an article appearing in the "Detroit Times", March 9, 1960, a copy of which is enclosed, and requested to be advised whether there had been any changes in our policy with respect to unidentified flying objects.

This Bureau gathered evidence of unidentified flying objects for the Department of the Air Force; and whether the photographs discovered in the archives had been analyzed at PSL laboratories or for FBI purposes. This Bureau's letter to the aforementioned organization of September 26, 1958, had contained our policy that we do not investigate incidents involving unidentified flying data received concerning them to the Department of the Air Force.

This Bureau advised Mr. Hall in our letter dated March 25, 1960, that there has been no change in our policy in regard to unidentified flying objects.

REPRODUCTION AUTHORIZED

- page 11 -

Office of Special Investigations
Air Force

that we do not gather evidence concerning unidentified
flying objects for the Department of the Air Force,
although any information uninterested in, or otherwise
accepted; and that the photograph mentioned in the
"Detroit Times" article was not examined by the FBI
Laboratory or among the 10 FBI photographs. Mr. Hill
was further advised that this Bureau furnished two
photographs obtained from the Department of Air Force to a representative
of the Department, and that action was deemed appropriate by that agency.

On March 31, 1960, the Department of Justice
furnished this Bureau a letter dated March 21, 1960,
from the White House, directed to the President. This
letter had been referred to the Department by action
of the White House. A copy of this letter is enclosed.
The President's letter advises that the letter referred to this Bureau, that the photographs in question
were furnished to the Office of Special Investigations,
Department of the Air Force, Selfridge Air Force Base,
Mount Clemens, Michigan; and that a copy of his letter
to the President has been furnished to you.

Enclosure - 2

- 2 -

- page 12 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFOSI-60  24-133-25

SUBJECT:

TO: SAFOI

1. Reference is made to letter this Headquarters, dated 26 April 1960, concerning captioned individual.

2. Attached for your further information and any action deemed appropriate is a copy of a letter from the Federal Bureau of Investigation, dated 21 April 1960, with two attachments.

3. It is requested that we be furnished a copy of any correspondence forwarded by your office to Perry, in order that this Headquarters may comply with the request set forth in paragraph 2 of the attached letter, dated 21 April 1960.

4. No investigation is being conducted of Perry by this Headquarters.

[Signature]
GILBERT R. LEVY
Chief, Counterintelligence Division
Directorate of Special Investigations
The Inspector General

FBI Ltr, re JP
dtd 21 Apr 60 w/2 atchs

- page 13 -

UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

Date: April 21, 1960

To: Office of Special Investigations
Air Force

Attention: Chief, Counterintelligence
Division

From: John Edgar Hoover, Director

Subject: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
GRAND BLANC, MICHIGAN - COMPLAINT

Reference is made to this Bureau's letter
dated April 6, 1960, captioned as above.

There is enclosed for your information a
copy of a letter dated April 13, 1960, written by
[redacted]. There is also enclosed for your appropriate
action a copy of our answer to [redacted]. It is requested
that you furnish this Bureau a copy of your reply to
him.

Enclosures - 2

[Bottom of document contains a paragraph that is partially illegible, and a "REPRODUCTION AUTHORIZED" stamp]

- page 14 -

COPY

Grand Blanc, Michigan
April 13, 1960

J. Edgar Hoover, Director
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

I wish to thank you for relaying the message from
The White House on my colored transparency of an un-
identified flying object.

Am looking forward to the completion of their analysis
so as your office will be able to return the trans-
parency to me as thousands are looking forward to
viewing it.

Yours truly,

COPY

- page 15 -

