The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 31 AUG 50
2. LOCATION Indianapolis, Indiana
3. DATE-TIME GROUP 31 AUG 50 / 2215 
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION 
[X] Ground-Radar
[ ] Visual
[ ] Air-Visua?
[ ] Air-Intercept Radar
5. COURSE Stationary
6. NUMBERS OF OBJECTS 1
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 3-4 mins
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: The radar operator reports observing a target on his scope that appeared higher than the surrounding terrain. The target showed up on the scope as a visual-type object, changed colors - vivid purple, red, amber, and white. At times the object would appear smaller, other times larger. There was no sound. This is probably the cause for the sighting.
11. CONCLUSIONS
[X] Was Balloon
[ ] Was Aircraft
[ ] Was Astronomical
[ ] Was Unidentified

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a form used to collect information about reported UFO sightings.

The text in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filled in and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may report information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the information in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME:
SIGNATURE:
DATE:

Subject reports a "U.S.O." something from out of space, actually seeing what he believes to be the actual craft several times for about an hour. He feels he can give a reliable account of what he saw.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. As an OCR system, I will produce the output of the text found in the document:

Captain Hartlegg's account of the flight sighted over the Indianapolis, Indiana area on the evening of 8 August 1960. Captain Hartlegg stated that he and his co-pilot, First Lieutenant Whitter, sighted an unusual object while enroute from Chicago to Indianapolis. The object was described as a bright, globular light which appeared to be hovering or moving slowly. Captain Hartlegg further stated that flight control had recorded the sighting and an investigation was being conducted.

- page 3 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph, but rather a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet - a form used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that were observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer all questions as completely as you possibly can. The information you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 2:30-3:30 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? [Redacted]
5. How long was object in sight? Hours Minutes Seconds [Redacted]
6. How was the time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Not very sure c. Just a guess
7. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day b. Night (1) Bright (2) Hazy
8. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

ATIC #a-164 This form supersedes ATIC 164. 15 Oct 54.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, likely containing a UFO report form or questionnaire.

8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Hazy b. Bright c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. The moon pitch dark d. Don't remember  
9. The object appeared: (Circle One) a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember
10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? 
SOMEWHAT VERY BRIGHT

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes (X) No Don't Know b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No (X) Don't Know c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No (X) Don't Know d. Give off smoke? Yes No (X) Don't Know e. Change brightness? Yes No (X) Don't Know f. Change shape? Yes No (X) Don't Know g. Blink or flicker? Yes No (X) Don't Know h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No (X) Don't Know  
12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No (X) Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what: 
13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No (X) Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know
15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle Yes or No) a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other Yes No

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, with text and form fields for the observer to fill out details about a sighting.

Text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: 
b. Color: Grayish white, large ellipsical, like moon

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Followed by a hand-written response:

"Two or 3 times the smaller outer rings or glow Surrounding the larger central globe were turning light in color. The larger central globe did not change in color. Vertical movement, straight up, then suddenly disappearance."

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with various questions and instructions for the observer.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match or a pencil at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time, please describe the results.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a summary of the object or objects which you saw, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The OCR text output is as follows:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
PLOT ILLUSTRATION

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
BY THIS OBJECT APPEAR MUCH LARGER THAN ANY FAMILIAR OBJECT.

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match or a pencil at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time, please describe the results. 
AT ARMS LENGTH OBJECT APPEARED MUCH LARGER THAN A MATCH HEAD OR PENCIL.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
NO.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a summary of the object or objects which you saw, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
NO FURTHER DESCRIPTION.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a collection of UFO reports and investigations by the United States Air Force. The page contains a questionnaire with various questions related to the observation of a UFO object.

Text from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building 
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

29. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
29.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
29.2 How fast were you moving? ________ miles per hour.
29.3 Did you stop or slow down any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

30. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (the west) and also the number of degrees it was above the horizon (elevation):
21.1 When it first appeared: ________ degrees.
21.2 When it disappeared: ________ degrees.

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It contains two sketches, but no photographs.

Text extracted from the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it.
OBJECT SPEED 
ESTIMATED ALT 2700 
ESTIMATED DISTANCE 1200 
ESTIMATED TIME 10-15 SEC

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One) 
a. Dry
b. Drizzle, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? [Handwritten response]

Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? [Handwritten response]

3a.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? [Handwritten response]  

3a.2 Please list their names and addresses: [Handwritten response]

Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? [Handwritten response]

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones? [Handwritten response]

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? [Handwritten response]

- page 10 -

The image shows a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. It contains a questionnaire with various questions related to sightings of unidentified flying objects. There is no photograph present in this image.

Now I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME: JOHN T THOMAS
ADDRESS: 1234 MAIN ST, INDIANAPOLIS, INDIANA

TELEPHONE NUMBER: 123-456-7890

Age: 50   Sex: MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 
    Month: 8     Day: 7     Year: 1960

- page 11 -

