There does not appear to be any photograph or image included in this document. It seems to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card containing details about an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting that occurred in Decatur, Illinois in May 1960.

Here is the text that I have extracted from the document:

1. DATE
May 1960

2. PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Long

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Radar
[ ] Air-Visual
[ ] Air-Intercept Radar

6. SOURCE
Civilian

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
many

11. COMMENTS
Apparently this may sees things other people do not see.

9. COURSE
Not given

12. CONCLUSIONS
[X] Was Balloon
[ ] Probably Balloon
[ ] Was Aircraft
[ ] Probably Aircraft
[ ] Possibly Astronomical
[ ] Possibly Astronomical
[ ] Other: Unidentification: Data for Evaluation
[ ] Unknown

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather handwritten text that appears to be part of a historical document or report. The text describes various observations and details related to a UFO sighting.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed:

U.S. Route 51 - first road west
of Decatur - Illinois
The proof - of the existence
of these proposed (sic) claimed
forms - is plainly - serious where
the road branches - part missing
y moved - the brush are
mainly school size - leaves
to the leaves age view. more -
The leaves undisturbed - also - come
to the ground -
It would appear dark - and severe
in outline - - slow - some 
intersection area - had an arrival
forward. The U.S. 51 - the bridge 
over the La salle - / - 
Moved to south - road side 
this road
- I saw the future - the plane (erasure)
These cloud - very fast - moving
This belief - the animals
somewhat in a daze - ? not
frightened

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

AFOIN-4.22/ASAF Friend/arc/69216/typed 13 June 60
UFO Photographs None

SAPOK-33 (MAJ TACKER)
1. The ATIC cannot analyze the four photographs sent in by *** as the photographic negatives have been destroyed. It is suggested that 
the negatives of the prints, and the color photographs mentioned in her letter be sent to this Center. In addition, the following infor-
mation is also requested:

a. Type and make of camera used.
b. Type, make of lens, focal length. 
c. Brand and type of film used.
d. Shutter speed used.
e. Lens opening ("f" stop) used.
f. Filters used, if any.
g. Was camera hand held, or on tripod?
h. Direction camera was pointed and angle above the horizon.
i. Time and date of each exposure.

FOR THIS COMMANDER:
NICHOLAS POST
ACTING COMPONENTS
ACling Deputy

1 ATCH:
CY LTR 24 May 60 fr ***

COORDINATION: 
HOWARD D. MANNING 
Capt USAF 
19 June 60

- page 3 -

The image appears to contain a document with text and four attached photographs, but the photographs are not visible in the provided image.

The text in the document is as follows:

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO AFCIN-4A2 
ATTN OF:

SUBJECT: UFO Photographs

TO: AFCIN-4D4a

1. Request analysis be made of attached photographs. Copy of letter which accompanied photographs is also attached for analysis. 

2. If analysis cannot be completed in order to meet the suspense date of 11 June 1960, please advise.

RICHARD H. SHOOP
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-4A2

LTR. AFCIN-4R2, 3 June 1960, UFO
LTR. Ind (AFCIN-4D4a)
TO: AFCIN-4E2 (Col R R Shoop)

1. The objects in the attached four photos cannot be explained at present. 

2. The letter is quite lacking in detail regarding the situation under which the photos were taken.

3. It seems probable that the photographer and the color photos which she mentions as well as information concerning the camera designations, exposure details and date that each photo was taken it is possible that an explanation could be made.

WILBER PRICE, JR.
Chief, AFCIN-4D4

1 Atch:
no change

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page of handwritten text from an old UFO report document.

Output from the OCR system:

are white a sometimes that the planes
I believe in planets. 23' 4 1950
my. distance away - pictures 22'
are of an porish - class in our air port.
stations 3 of planet I said some
as to the air port - planted
in my opinion iunmledge to the time
that the plants - nould object the plants
I mound to add white restling to
levelopcounts of an object. The plants
these pants are empty that ents
to his towards one found with
There is
to live angle the 3/8 of our moon
angle with in seen what than only
many this all cand claim one plans
line would he reported the matter to the
security I should stop here leauiny to me
think work to a within your affinity
my conces ings - reason this

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing handwritten text.

Text extracted from the image:

Dear Sirs:
This is a report of the incident I described to the Air Force on March 9. 1960.
Office of the Secretary
Dear Sir:
I did not send an original picture, as I stated in my telephone conversation. The pictures - taken on the film I referred to - have not yet been developed. Due to my business and other factors, I was unable to get the film developed earlier. I assure you, however, that as soon as the film is developed, a print will be forwarded to the proper authorities.
I know this was a serious incident, and I am anxious to cooperate fully in any investigation that may be conducted. The object I observed was, to me, a totally unfamiliar sight. It hovered for several minutes over the area, and then disappeared from view at a very high rate of speed. I have no explanation for what I saw, and I am looking forward to hearing from you regarding this matter.
Sincerely yours,
R. Allen James

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AFCIN-462 /Sgt Belleu/amc/69216/typed 18 July 60
Request for Negatives

SAFOJ-3d (Lt/Col Tasker)
1. Miss concerned sent to your office five colored snapshots and five black and white prints related to probable sighting of 4 may 1960. may 1960 and 16 may 1960 concerned the four prints she requested. All fourteen photographs are being returned with request that she furnish the following information concerning each of the fourteen prints, plus the original negatives:

a. Type and make of camera used.
b. Type, make of lens, focal length.
c. Brand and type of film used.
d. Shutter speed used.
e. Lens opening ("f" stop) used.
f. Filters used, if any.
g. Was camera hand hold, or on tripod?
h. Direction camera was pointed and angle above the horizon.
i. Time and date of each exposure.

FOR THE COMMANDER:
/s/ Philip G. Evans
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Materiel

COORDINATION:
AFGIN-462 Received: Date 7/20/60
AFGIN-462 Dispatched: Date 7/22/60

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten report or document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Output of the text in the document:

"It is still a mystery as to what occurred on that evening. The object apparently was in sight for at least 15 minutes and at times was quite close and stationary. The object seemed to be about the size of a car and to have a peculiar glow around it. It made no sound and moved with a slight wobbling or rocking motion rather than in a smooth, straight line. The object was first sighted over a heavily wooded area near Decatur, Illinois, and it moved rapidly and changed directions several times. Toward the end of the sighting, it headed South and was lost to view.

The witness, a retired Air Force officer of many years experience, was quite shaken by the experience. He stated that he did not feel the object was explainable and was quite different from any conventional aircraft he had ever seen before. Despite his long experience, the witness was unable to make any intelligent estimate as to the identity or nature of the object. All he could say was that it was a very strange and puzzling phenomenon.

Very sincerely, [REDACTED]"

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a response letter dated June 23, 1960 from Gordon B. Knight, Colonel, USAF and Chief of Special Projects Section, Office of Legislative Liaison.

The text of the document is as follows:

UFO
SAFLI-L/iHd Kelly/15/57231/23 June 1960
SAFLI: 15/2285

Dear Mr. Wright:

This is in response to your inquiry of 13 June 1960 in behalf of yourself concerning unidentified flying objects.

This original letter contained insufficient information to allow a valid conclusion to be reached in regard to your inquiring. In order to enable the Air Force to provide additional information concerning the questions or allow a valid evaluation of the facts involved, we would appreciate receiving additional details from you so that we may conduct a more thorough evaluation of the facts involved.

Your interest in this matter is appreciated. If we can do anything further to assist you, please let us know.

Sincerely yours,
GORDON B. KNIGHT
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Congressional Inquiry Division
Office of Legislative Liaison

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from Lawrence J. Tacker, Lt. Colonel, USAF, Chief, Project Blue Book Branch, Office of Information Services, discussing four photographs of unidentified flying objects that were submitted for analysis. The letter requests that the sender provide the negatives for these photographs so that a more detailed analysis can be conducted.

SAPOI-3 Col. Tacker/* 155554

22 June 1960

Dear Sir:

This is to acknowledge your letter of 24 May 1960 including four (4) photographs of unidentified flying objects for analysis and evaluation. The Air Force cannot analyze these photographs due to a lack of detailed information.

In order to accomplish the analysis and/or evaluation of the photographs in question, will you please send the negatives for these prints and the additional color photographs mentioned in your letter to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, with the following information:

(a) Types of cameras used; (b) film and type of film used; (c) shutter speed and aperture used; (d) whether camera was hand held, or on tripod; (e) direction camera was pointing and (f) time and date of each exposure.

When the analysis is complete we will be happy to let you know our findings in this matter.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book Branch
Office of Information Services

Decatur, Illinois

cc: Repr Springer
SAFOI-3 COMEBACK CY
SAFOI-1 READING CY

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center of the United States Air Force. The document is addressed to SAFOI-3d (Maj Tacker) and discusses UFO photographs submitted to the Center. It requests information about the type and make of camera used, type and focal length of lens, brand and type of film, shutter speed used, lens opening, filters used, how the camera was held, the direction the camera was pointed, and the time and date of each exposure.

The text in the document is as follows:

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:  AFCIN-4-52

SUBJECT:  UFO Photographs

TO:  SAFOI-3d (Maj Tacker)

1. The ATIC cannot analyze the four photographs sent in by  * * * * * *  due to lack of detailed information. In is requested that  * * * * * *  furnish the following additional information mentioned in her letter to this Center. In addition, the following information is also requested:

a. Type and make of camera used.
b. Type, make of lens, focal length.
c. Brand and type of film used.
d. Shutter speed used.
e. Lens opening (f/# stop) used.
f. Filters used, if any.
g. Was camera hand held, or on tripod?
h. Direction camera was pointed and angle above the horizon.
i. Time and date of each exposure.

FOR THE COMMANDERS

NICHOLAS POST
Acting Deputy
Science and Components

1 Atch:
Cy ltr 24 May 60 fr  * * * * * *

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual material. It appears to be a text document, specifically a memorandum from the Congressional Inquiry Division of SAFIL, addressed to Major Kelly.

The text of the document is as follows:

MEMORANDUM FOR CHIEF, CONGRESSIONAL INQUIRY DIVISION, SAFIL
ATTENTION: Major Kelly

SUBJECT: UFO Inquiry - Miss [redacted]

1. Miss [redacted]'s latest letter addressed to President Eisenhower and the file on this individual be marked closed.

2. Miss [redacted]'s letter is completely disjointed and indicates a great amount of hysteria on her part concerning various objects she sees in the sky.

3. If you feel you must reply to Miss [redacted] in order to return the photographs she again submits through the White House, you might again state that the original negatives of the photographs are needed together with the information stated in our letter of 25 July.

4. In this instance, it probably would be much better to file all the correspondence together with the photographs and mark the file "closed."

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Col. USAF
Magazine & Book Branch

Comeback OI-3d
Reader OI-1

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

FIRST NAME                         21 June 60
LAST NAME               SERIAL DATE
Lt Col L. Tacker        SAPCI-3a  Wash. D.C.
SUMMARY
Req for info on UFO.
LXZa/peb/8:55
DETAILS                            TO                   DATE                  OTHER ACTION
N/A/R                      DATE

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memo routing slip from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
NAME OR TITLE
Major Robert Friend
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION
ATIC
DATE
16 June
FROM NAME OR TITLE
Lt Colonel Lawrence J. Tacker
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION
SAFOJ-30 , 50 665
Attached is forwarded for investigation, analysis and/or evaluation. We have a Congressional suspense date of 22 June on this, so will appreciate any fast action you can manage.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter from Representative William Springer of the House of Representatives in Washington, D.C.

The text of the document is as follows:

Representative William Springer
House of Representatives
Washington, D.C. 

Dear Sir:

I live at 90 on the east corner of U.S. 36 and North Country Club Rd. This is just a few blocks east of the Lake Decatur airport in Decatur, Illinois. From this immediate area (1 mile sq.) I have continuously sighted Unidentified Aerial Phenomena for over 6 years. I have taken many pictures of these sightings. I took my first picture the first night; the sights were so numerous and I was so excited I kept on going towards the airport. 

Down there the haze air port that night burnt down. The lights were being closed from the west, coming towards us. These planes are also sighted at airplanes in flight. I've reported them to the Illinois State Sheriff's Office, local police, and sheriff's office - and the civil defense office (and according to the sheriff's office they seeming the pictures they got but believe this was not).

Here recently I've tried to take some more pictures of these sightings but my pictures are having the same result. I'm enclosing these pictures and hoping the U.S. will interview me once more on this country. And they seem to be trying to communicate or something, but I can't seem to understand what they are telling me in relation to what object I saw. I did not see anything shoot of [sic] deep muscle cramps from these areas and they said I would if exposed to them.

My dogs apparently have tracked this prowler at night, and now these prowlers are acting very stealthy. One dog's eyesight is affected. The 2nd dog has begun developing tumors that are possibly related to this incident (and new cats & dogs seem to be affected). These beams at all levels are colors of orange, blue, white, pale beige and a few red and greenish beings along the beings are distinctly uniform in appearances and some of them have come to Springfield, Illinois, and here recently when a flew to St. Louis I've seen more vertical lights around and all around the Springfield airport. I aimed at the Capitol bldg. and we have such flares around our local airport . I'll be glad to go further in detail to any defense agency you would suggest. Mr. Springer, I want to add at times of election these provisions to be reviewed and conditions increase brutally I believe this is a violation of my constitutional rights and I would appreciate a reply. Very sincerely, Dorothy A. Hott

- page 15 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a map or plot plan of the Norwood Heights area, showing the layout of lots, roads, and other features. The map appears to be hand-drawn or drafted, with various annotations and details.

OCR Text Output:
Norwood Heights
Dorothy A. Hatt, Owner
Road
Club
Drive
Apparent 1

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or letter dated 5/20/60 from Norwood Hgts., Decatur, Illinois.

The text in the document is as follows:

May 9, 1960

Dear Sirs:

For your information. Dear sir, have seen 6 "flying saucers" about 8:15 to 8:30 P.M. May 4, 1960. Chemist, Norwood Hgts., Decatur, Illinois.

Unusual bright objects, with apparent portholes, hovering and darting movements. Observed for approximately 15 minutes. Our household and neighbors sighted. Objects departed in erratic motions - still air visibility. 

In this area constant sightings, with occasional reports. Hope this information is helpful.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature redacted]

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document containing building restrictions or covenants.

BUILDING RESTRICTIONS

These Covenants are to run with the land and shall be binding on all parties and all persons claiming under them until January 1, 1970, at which time said Covenants shall be automatically extended for successive periods of 10 years unless by vote of a majority of the then owners of the lots it is agreed to change said covenants in whole or in part.

Covenants herein contained, or any of them, or their, or their being or alteration shall violate or abrogate any part of the subdivision to prosecute any proceedings at law or in equity against the person or persons violating or attempting to violate any such Covenant and to either prevent them from so doing or to recover damages or other dues for such violation.

A. All lots in the tract shall be known and described as residential lots, except Lot number One, which is to be reserved for retail business purpose, and except Lot number thirty-five, which is reserved for an office and shop. No structure shall be erected, altered, placed, or permitted to remain on any residential lot other than one detached single family dwelling with a private garage for more than three (3) cars and providing that accommodations for domestic servants may be included in the main structure.

21. that shall all be erected a height above the natural contours of the land of not more than thirty-five (35) feet in height. And as to the remaining lots in said subdivision no building or structure shall be erected, altered, placed or permitted to remain on any lot having a building not exceeding twenty-one (21) feet in height.

B. No building shall be located nearer to the front lot line or nearer to the side street line than the building set-back lines shown on the recorded plan. No building including eaves or other projections shall be nearer than ten (10) feet from any side lot line.

G. No noxious or offensive trade or activity shall be carried on upon any lot nor shall anything be done thereon which may be or become an annoyance or nuisance to the neighborhood, and no person shall keep poultry, guineas, rabbits, cattle, horses, or mules on any lot nor keep any stable or kennel for dogs, cats or other domestic animal or pets except house dogs may be kept on lot number forty-six.

I. The exterior materials used on all buildings shall be new and all residences shall be completely modern.

J. The ground floor area of the main structure, exclusive of one-story open porches and garages, shall be not less than 1000 square feet in the case of a one-story structure, nor less than 400 square feet per living unit in the case of a one and one-half or two story structure.

H. Easements for sewer, water and all public utilities for installation and maintenance, and walkway, all as indicated on the recorded plat, are reserved.

K. No person of any race other than the white or Caucasian race shall own, use or occupy any building or any of the said lots, except that this Covenant shall not prevent occupancy by domestic servants of a different race domiciled with an owner or tenant.

Owner

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

This was the report of the sighting of the disk by the State of Illinois Security Officer and the State of Illinois Conservation Officer.

The object was described as being approximately 40 to 50 feet in diameter and was observed moving at a speed estimated to be around 3000 miles per hour. The object was first sighted traveling in a southwest direction and then it made a sharp turn at a high rate of speed and traveled in a northeast direction. The object was observed for approximately 3 minutes.

The weather conditions at the time of the sighting were clear with some wind. There was no unusual weather phenomena observed in the area. The object was described as being disc-shaped and silver-gray in color. It was luminous and had a definite circular outline.

This was the unexplained sighting of an unidentified flying object.

- page 19 -

