Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
13 Aug 61

2. LOCATION
Clayton, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
1500-1600
GMT 1320007

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
4 or 5

9. COURSE
Varied

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Bright, shiny spot like light, appears vapor-like. 2 objects approaching in SSW passed objts and went out of sight. Returned in NE and approached objt again. Bright shiny spots about size of a/c. Tremendous speeds.

11. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

12. COMMENTS
There is no evidence available which would indicate that objts of sighting were anything other than high flying a/c reflecting sunlight.

ATG FORM 529 (REV 26 SEP 59)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Handwritten at top of page]: personally did NOT see the object. AF13-7724

FORREST COLLIER - 3607 LISBON, DAYTON 9, OHIO

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. You name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
13   Aug   61

2. Time of day: 3:30 4:30
                 Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Clayton      Ohio
Nearest Postal Address   City or town   State or Country

Additional remarks: Personally did not see object. My sister and children

5. How long was object in sight?
    Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                 NIGHT
    a. Bright           a. Bright
    b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
             b. In back of you
             c. To your right
             d. To your left
             e. Overhead
             f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM
FEB 60 164   This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 OCT 54.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
Not like stars. Citrus.

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

Notation at bottom: Neither were seen, glasses section not used.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound: None
    b. Color: Bright shiny spot

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

N/9

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
              b. Like a bright star
              c. Sharply outlined
            d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Both a few 4-5 lets 5
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

    [Handwritten notes and sketch include: "1st appeared", "35E", "Returned from"]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
Size of airplane in sky

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Don't know

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes - went beyond horizon & seemed to come back later.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object
Seemed to be bright shiny object traveling with
Tremendous rate of speed.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type): _______
e. At sea
f. Other: _______

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other: _______

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text that appears to read: "Math + Stop light in dark. Partly + wife visiting... in planter scanning. Noticed. Happened to look up and... with light."]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest
NIL written next to this section

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes         No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

[Signatures or handwritten notes at bottom of page]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Blank spaces for day, month, year]
TO FTD LT W PRES.

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
[Partially obscured text: Sister]
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No
[Partially obscured text]

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Mostly blacked out text, with partially visible: Richmond, IND
Clayton, Ohio]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten text appears to read: "No explanation / was obtainable"]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of this object?
(Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Twin Sput jet 4/c

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Very High a Sly about height of 4 miles above ground

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]

ADDRESS [street redacted] DAYTON 29 45402
                           City   Zone   State

TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]

Age 26    Sex MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent:
High School works at Delco Machine
in Dayton Ohio

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 13   Aug    61
                                           Day  Month  Year


- page 8 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

[Form fields for NAME, SIGNATURE, DATE are blank]

Text of handwritten notes:

"Thing were out in the yard after dinner. Someone, I think, Coleman, may have looked up and saw shiny spots in the sky. 5 of them. These appeared to be twinkling in name direction & disappeared. Quite brief and off/across from some direction that they went.

I personally did not see objects.

Duty officer note: I was called at 3330 m this report. Space stated he called his brother Coleman living distance in Richmond, Indiana to get the details of the sighting. He then called in this information to FTO.

B.A. Minimum
Duty Officer"

[Signed and dated at bottom of page]


- page 9 -

