PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 14 Jun 61
2. LOCATION: Bedford, Massachusetts
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0930
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: One
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: 30 deg as
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Object viewed as flashing light with changes of 1 sec each observed for 30 sec while hovering. Thought to be going away from observer. Viewed first at 50 deg az, disappeared at 045 deg az. Elevation remained slight above 25 deg. Object faded at 20 distance.

11. COMMENTS: Flash rate of anticollision light is 60-100 per minute. This compares with the 1 sec on and 1 sec off flashing. This conclusion is supported by the angular velocity reported. At the reported 10 in 30 sec, a/c at a distance of 10 nautical miles would have a speed of 324 knots. Since the witness reported that the elevation remained the same in 10 nautical miles, it is fair to assume that flight path of a/c was normal.

12. CONCLUSIONS: [Checkboxes are marked, but text is not legible]


- page 1 -

Smithsonian Institution
Astrophysical Observatory
P.O. Box 9
Cambridge 38, Mass.

June 22, 1961

Dr. [redacted]
Bedford, Mass.

Dear Dr. [redacted]:

We have not been able to determine the nature of your recent observation, and are therefore forwarding your report for:

Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
United States Air Force
(ATIC-PS2)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Any further correspondence regarding this matter should be sent to them.

Thank you for your time and interest.

Respectfully,
Barbara Kidder
Public Information

BKk


- page 2 -

Report of Unidentified Object.

Observed and Reported by: Dr. [redacted], Bedford, Mass.

Site: Bedford, Mass. (presumably at above address).

Visibility: Excellent; stars bright.

Time: 1961 June 14, 07 02 U.T. ±3 minutes.

Azimuth: Traveled are from about 360° to about 045°.

Altitude: About 25°.

Time Visible: About 30 seconds.

Size: About 1 cm. diameter at arm's length.

Brightness: } Similar to full moon at 20° to 25° altitude.
Color: }

Variability: Regular period of ±1 second; still visible at minimal.

Original letter from which above information was obtained is on file at Moonwatch Headquarters, SAO.

A.B.G.


- page 3 -

COPY

Mrs Alex Geddes
540
60 Garden Street
Cambridge, Mass.
Dear Mrs Geddes:

As you requested in our telephone conversation this date I am forwarding the following information concerning the sighting of a bright object in the sky this morning:

Time: Between 3:00 and 3:05 AM
Place: Bedford, Mass.
Direction: Low in the northwest sky, passing from north toward east, at max mean height in its arc at approx to be about the length of the fingers held out at arm's length (say 2 to 3 feet distant).

Intensity: Roughly was bright/at to most intense) or a full moon.

Bedford, Mass.
June 14, 1961


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

between burg* and points under @
conducting of good visibility. Color
was might of the same quality.

The brilliance was visible and
appeared to have a regular period
of ± 1 second. Light was still
visible at the low point of intensity
barely of observation; about 30
seconds, during which time it
traveled the aperture of a 30 inch
wide window placed 8 feet from
the observer's eye.

Conditions of the time of sighting:
visibility is excellent, stars bright,
visible.

I would not consider myself
an experienced observer of aircraft,
but rather an experienced observer.
I have seen a number of artificial
satellites in transit, including
Sputnik I & II. The visibility in
the area of the carrier rocket was
presented in the record of these
satellites assembled. What part


- page 5 -

this morning. I have also seen
sider on two occasions, when up
was overhead, just past. The
brilliance of this current object
was less, but its apparent
diameter greater (about 1 cm.
at arm's length).
If I can furnish further
information I shall be glad
to cooperate. I would be most interested
in your opinion of the identity
of this object.

Sincerely,
M.D.


- page 6 -

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

ATCH-64/Major Friend

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting (Dr [redacted])

TO: HQ USAF
ATTN: SAFOI-3 (Major Coleman)
Washington 25, D. C.

1. Reference the attached copy of a letter to the Aerospace Technical
Intelligence Center from the Smithsonian Institute's Research Head
quarters regarding the sighting of an unidentified flying object by
Dr. [redacted] of Bedford, Massachusetts. A copy of Dr. [redacted]'s
letter to the Smithsonian Institute is also attached.

2. The object sighted by Dr. [redacted] was probably the anti-
collision light on an aircraft. By specification the flash rate on
the present U. S. Air Force anti-collision lights is 60-100 flashes per
minute. This flash rate compares favorably with the one-second period
reported by the witness. Dr. [redacted] indicated that the object was
still visible while at minimum in its varying cycle. With an close a
rate as once observed, the maximum intensity the witness would not
be able to tell if the light disappeared or not due to retinal image
retention.

3. The conclusion that Dr. [redacted] probably saw an aircraft is
supported by the angular velocity reported by him. At the reported
rate of 10° in 30 seconds, as aircraft at a distance of 10 nautical
miles would have a speed of approximately 304 knots. The special was
arrived at by assuming the flight path of the aircraft was at right
angles to the angle observed. If the report angular path is a man-
datory 10 miles the angle could deviate as much as 45° without
exceeding the normal operating speed or jet aircraft. Since the wit-
ness is not certain in his report that the elevation angle remained fairly
constant, it is fair to assume that the flight path of the aircraft
was normal to his line of sight.

4. For your information the specification for the anti-collision light
presently in operational use by the U. S. Air Force is MIL-L-21693.

5. It is suggested that Dr. [redacted] of the Smithsonian Institute,
Massachusetts, and the Smithsonian Institute be advised of our findings.

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Documents

2 Atch
1. Cy ltr fr Smithsonian
Institute dtd 24 Jun 61
2. Cy ltr Dr [redacted]
dtd 14 Jun 61


- page 7 -

8 July 1961

Dear [redacted]:

Your letter of June 14th addressed to the Smithsonian Institution's Georesearch Headquarters was forwarded to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center and thence to this office.

The sighting reported by you was probably the anti-collision beacon on an aircraft. Your report was received in Class "A" field classes on the present Air Force anti-collision beacon in C-160 classes or other similar flashing aircraft. The beacon period reported by you with a rate in close to one second and 6 millisecond intervals, would be difficult to call in the light discarded or not into actual time retention.

The conclusion as reached is also supported by the angular velocity reported. At the reported rate of 20 degrees, an aircraft as a Lockheed C-130 would have a speed of approximately 250 knots. This speed was achieved at by measuring flight path and the altitude. Altitude was at approximately 20,000 feet. At a scan distance of 10 miles and a normal operating speed of jet aircraft, those you reported that the observation angles relatively certainly was normal to your line of sight.

I might mention here, too, that the Federal Aviation Agency through its utilization has authorized use of anti-collision beacon consisting of two miles of intensity, momentarily, during the other and flashing intermittently. This light has been observed from over 50 miles and is quite large in size, gradually increasing in various colors and size (prismatic effect through relatively large atmosphere).

I hope this information is helpful.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM C. ROLLINS, JR.
Major, USAF
UFO Project Officer
Aerial Phenomena Division
Wright Aeronautical Information


- page 8 -

