The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

15 Jan 61
2207
SE of Paine Field, Washington
D Ground-Visual
BRIGHT
Military
5 SEC
Brilliant white object size of basketball. Resembled a strong spot-light. There was an explosion and a large burst of orange and some blue coloring in explosion. No sound heard. Object disappeared upward with phos flying.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

OCR text from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
COUNTRY USA 
REPORT NO.
U.F.O. SIGHTING REPORT
SOURCE I Lt. W 3 McDonald 
DATE OF OBSERVATION 
16 Jan 61
DATE OF REPORT 
16 Jan 61
LOCATION (INCL. COORDINATES): 
SE of Paine Field, Washington
PREPARED BY: Capt R P Dawson
SUMMARY: (Type, number, maneuver, etc.) W3 McDonald, a pilot, reported a sighting of a very bright, unusual light which he believes was not an aircraft or astronomical object.
a. Description:
(1) Fireball first, and then a large portion of sky was lit up as if from an explosion. There was no sound and some time coloring and smoke.
(2) Fireball was basketball size.
(3) Fireball was brilliant, white. It resembled a strong spotlight.
(4) Only one.
(5) Came straight at me.
(6) My first impression was that a large landing light had been turned on in my face.
(7) No tail visible to see.
(8) No sound; I was flying in a T-33 aircraft.
b. Description of object:
(1) The intense light which appeared to be approaching rapidly. My first thought was that I was about to collide with something and I initiated evasive maneuvers.
(2) Object appeared level with me.
(3) Object was in my nine o'clock, and my magnetic heading was 250°. My altitude was 35,000 feet; my ground speed 300 knots.
(4) Appeared to be gaining altitude.
(5) The sequence was this: brilliant white fireball; then a brilliant orange explosion (which silhouetted trees?) and returned to darkness.
(6) Approximately five seconds.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcribing the text from the document:

AIR FORCE LETTER
PROJECT BLUE BOOK SPECIAL REPORT NO. 14
Fact. and my ground speed was 350 knots, and was ten minutes southeast of the vicinity of Paine Field, Washington.

Time and distance sighting:
(1) Time sigh ed, 1645 (Pac.
ic Daylight Saving Time), January 11, 1961.

(2) Night.

Investigation of sighting:
This sighting was investigated through the attached statements by the pilot and others concerned. Capt. Robert E. Dawson, (Pilot) and Lt. Lt. James L. Funk, Jr. (Pilot) were airborne on a routine flight in a T-33 aircraft when the sighting occurred. The object first appeared about 15-20 degrees above the horizon, at a bearing of approximately 130 degrees from the aircraft position. The object appeared to be spherical in shape, and was a very bright metallic silver in color. It remained stationary in the sky for approximately 1-2 minutes.

The object then appeared to "explode" or "disintegrate" into several smaller pieces, then re-form into the original shape, and then fly off rapidly at a high rate of speed to the northeast, disappearing from view within 10-15 seconds. The entire sighting lasted approximately 2-3 minutes. There were no other aircraft in the vicinity at that time.

And this was only a beginning—for on January 15, 1961 a so-called meteor flashed across the sky in southern Oregon and northern California, lighting up Eureka, California almost like daylight.

- page 3 -

