There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 12 May 1961
2. LOCATION: Dallas, Texas
3. OBJECT SIGHTED: 1830
4. CATEGORY: D, Power Failure, Electric
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
6. No
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 3 
9. COURSE: Erratic
10. COMMENTS: "It is probable that the objects observed were birds reflecting bright sunlight. There is little evidence available in this report, and it is insufficient evidence."

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document with text.

Reported object on a business card
1. May 12, 1961
2. Unty about 6:30 to 6:30 am
3. General shape and size of a beer can, white in color
4. Flew straight away and disappeared immediately 
5. No sound at all
6. Appeared inanimate and non-reflecting
Approached the site, but nothing further.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

As was apparent from a 
(name deleted) of the report, this
very unusual occurrence. It was
a disc-like object which ap
peared for about 30 seconds 
to be hovering over the city 
of of Dallas. It then suddenly 
appeared to accelerate at a 
high rate of speed and fly 
out of sight in a southerly
direction. The object was de
scribed as being about 30 feet 
in diameter, very bright and 
luminous. It was seen by a 
number of reliable witnesses 
among them an airline pilot
and several police officers.
This report has been for
warded to the Aerial Phenomena 
Group at Wright-Patterson Air
Force Base, Ohio, for evaluation.
Other reports of similar in
cidents have also been for
warded to that agency. It is
believed that the Air Force
will conduct a thorough in
vestigation of this matter.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Transcribed text from the document:

"The incident took place about 9:00 PM, May 25, 1961 on NORTHHAVEN ROAD, DALLAS, TEXAS. I was returning home from work and had reached a point about half a mile north of the intersection of Northhaven and Preston Road when I observed a brilliant light in the northern sky. As I continued driving north, the light seemed to be moving in a southerly direction and descending rapidly. I pulled my car off the road and stopped to observe this object more closely. As it descended, the light became brighter and appeared to be in the shape of a flattened oval or ellipse. The object seemed to be metallic in appearance and was reflected in the color of the light it emitted. There was no sound associated with the object.

As the object continued to descend, it appeared to slow down and then hovered silently for approximately 30 seconds about 300 yards from where I was standing. The object then suddenly accelerated in a northerly direction and was out of sight in less than 10 seconds.

The entire incident lasted approximately 60 to 90 seconds. The weather at the time was clear with a bright moon and scattered clouds. There were no aircraft in the vicinity that I could see or hear."

- page 4 -

