PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
20 Apr 61

2. LOCATION
Sheridan, Wyoming

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
14:30
20/21 SOL Apr 61

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 seconds

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Letter poor human configuration some which was later than normal car in another part of town. She was in conference with her mother at the time. This was supposed to be a good observation. She noticed the bright fringed sound, not too loud. Portion of the sighting was in the well of focusing her portion of the matter is not clear.

11. COMMENTS
Tell of the witness in being "off the roost" eliminated in the imaginary sound. No attempt is made to explain the mother's observation. This was supposed to be a good observation by the witness to explain the noise she heard.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Probably Balloon

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
None

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 53)


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

1/11/61

Dear Sir:

[Some text appears to be blacked out or illegible at the top of the page]

Time: Within a 2 hr(more or less)
Duration: Several minutes of observation

Object: Appeared to move in various ways - somewhat erratic, saucer shaped with
unmodeled, upturned almost wing-like well (?) after changing in angular
movement, size, apparent size of very brief to before coming closer than
initially of the first view moving slightly at and

[Some text appears partially illegible or cut off]

[The rest of the document contains handwritten text that is difficult to fully transcribe with complete certainty. Some words and phrases are clear, but many sections are challenging to read with absolute precision.]

The document appears to be a letter or report dated 1/11/61 describing an unidentified flying object observation, with details about the object's movement and appearance.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some words are difficult to read due to handwriting, so I've transcribed as accurately as possible]

[First paragraph is mostly illegible due to handwriting and image quality]

The second paragraph begins more clearly with "The sound & land"

[The rest of the text is a handwritten document with varying legibility. Some words and phrases are clear, while others are difficult to discern. A full verbatim transcription would require careful review and possibly expert handwriting analysis.]

The document appears to be a detailed written account, possibly a report or statement, with dense handwritten text across the entire page. The writing style suggests it is from the mid-20th century, consistent with the Project Blue Book era.


- page 3 -

The text on this page is handwritten and partially legible. Some sections are clear, while others are difficult to read or have been redacted with black lines. I'll transcribe the legible portions:

[First paragraph is mostly illegible due to handwriting and image quality]

Some partially readable phrases include:
"...high performance of may be me..."
"...University..."
"...about how the..."

The middle and lower portions of the page contain several black redaction lines that obscure text.

The bottom of the page has a page number "11" visible.

Due to the handwritten nature and image quality, a complete and accurate full transcription is not possible without potential errors.


- page 4 -

