There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, containing various form fields filled out with handwritten text.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 11 OCT 61
2. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1935
3. LOCATION: Brooklyn, New York
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 or 3 minutes
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 2
8. COURSE: West to East
9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Two white lights, moving in horizontal motion, and above tree line, in a straight line. Approximately 1100 yards away, silent, lights seemed to go out, then reappear. Overcast sky. Wind: Unimportant [sic], no sound.

- page 1 -

This image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. I will perform OCR (optical character recognition) to extract the text from the document:

Gentlemen,
The date on the sheet says Oct. 8, 1961. explaining. when i first came to the attention of the police. i stayed down from it to the bank which are short. when i got home, i made it out of a newspaper. but i didn't tell a person who it is. because, i know who the person it is. at a heavy report has enough evidence in it not to write to the to tell me what you know, it provided, hold answer it i know.
Thinking for your consideration

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

oct. 11, 1954
Time 7:55 p.m. night
location - Kings Highway and
Flatbush Ave. Brooklyn, N.Y.

The 2 witnesses first appeared
about the same time in different
places. Observing much the same
thing.

Weather conditions: Temp. clear, slightly windy
Clear, warm. Bright starlight night

7. moon was seen above, shining
& color - clear yellow

10. Attitude of witnesses ? unknown
Judging : 1. they could not have seen anything
2. it was small, ball like at some height

Motion : silently : 1. Moved erratically
2. then stood still 

14. were not particularly concerned 
15. observation was not continuous. Only on and off

- page 3 -

