There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and investigations.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
2. LOCATION 
3. DATE-TIME GROUP 
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
   a. Ground-Visual
   b. Air-Visual
   c. Ground-Radar
   d. Air-Visual 
   e. Air-Intercept Radar
5. DURATION
6. PHOTOS
   a. Yes - No
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
9. COURSE
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
"Long car burned up .... jumped out up .... sight radiaish glow was oberved ..... 2 hr period. What appeared to be black billowy smoke was observed to be rising from the object ..... interval varying from secs ... with no time fixed at point of observation."
11. COMMENTS: Separate sheet indicates:
"Civilian observers indicated a mile low flying object that was dropping flares. However, low can not be accurately estimated and the object may have been further away than observers indicated up to a few miles. No other confirmation of this sighting could be obtained and observers felt that they must have seen something very unusual as their description does not fit any known aircraft or celestial phenomenon".

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed document with text describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

HEADQUARTERS 4602D COMBAT CREW TRAINING WING (TAC), LUKE AIR FORCE BASE, ARIZONA
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object
TO: Weapons Technology Division, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

The document describes the following:
(1) One group of observers reported the shape of the object as being elliptical, possibly being two separate objects.
(2) Size of the object was reported by one group to be the same size as a piper cub aircraft.
(3) Reports of color varied from black to gray.
(4) One object was sighted.
(5) N/A
(6) Observed as a clear outline of this elliptical or circular object with no relative motion. Observers reported that a slight pulsation appeared to be indentations around the edge of the bottom of the object.
(7) Observers all agreed that smoke was seen and that the smoke points or the object a slight reddish glow was observed.
(8) No sound.
(9) No other pertinent or unusual features reported.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with text describing the details of the sighting.

b. Description of Course of Object:
(1) A child was the first observer to call attention to the object...
c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Ground-visual.
(2) The observers were using 7 by 35 power binoculars.
(3) N/A.
d. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) First Sighting: 2 August 1961. Second sighting: 2 August 1961. Third sighting: 0":22, 2 August 1961.
e. Location of Observers:
f. Identifying Information on Observers:
(1) Civilian - Mrs. ------, age 35, Phoenix, Arizona, school teacher at -------- School.
(2) Civilian - Mr. ------, age 35, Phoenix, Arizona, unemployed, reliability unknown.
(3) Civilian - Mr. ------, age 29, Phoenix, Arizona, Allison Steel Technician, reliability unknown.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

6. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sighting:
(1) Observers suggest the following weather conditions: 
Partly clear to partly cloudy and light winds.
Conditions alright but some disturbance.  

(2) Wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots:
6,000 ft - 340° at 10K
10,000 ft - 330° at 15K
15,000 ft - 310° at 15K
20,000 ft - 310° at 8K
25,000 ft - 290° at 19K
30,000 ft - 305° at 19K

(3) Ceilings: Ceiling of high broken to high overcast between the hours of 0230Z and 0300Z hours.

(4) Visibility: Approximately 14,000 ft scattered sky condition with overcast visibility varying gradually from 15 miles down to 5 miles with ceiling and cloud to ground, NW and SE.

(5) Thunderstorms in the area of SW, NE and N to SE.

(6) No other unusual activity or condition noted.

I. No interrogation or identification action taken.  

J. The known air activity was at Fort Huachuca, Arizona.  

Preparing officer: J. Samut, Captain, USAF

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document that includes text and a hand-drawn diagram.

Possibility of optical illusion coupled with untrained observers to the reason for the statement that the object was seen to larger to 1959 to 1200 The report of the sighting was made by the USAF Officer.

FOR ZZZ COMMANDER:
JOSEPH A. HYNEK
Assistant Director of Administration

- page 5 -

The image does not appear to contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page with some faint lines and marks.

CASE BRIEF

Location: Phoenix, Arizona
Date: August 8, 1961
Witness: None

NARRATIVE
The image appears to be a blank page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

- page 6 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or note.

The text in the document reads as follows:

[illegible handwritten text]

- page 7 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document with handwritten text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract and output the text found in the document:

Lamig moy of / Flamaig co..
Uving qy ... phonic

- page 8 -

