JANAP 146(D)

b. Communications Stations. - Communications Stations (to include any commercial, government or military facility such as coastal marine radio station, telegraph office, naval or coast guard shore radio station or any other communication facility) receiving MERINT reports will immediately after receiving process the report as follows:

(1) Canadian or U. S. commercial or government communications stations will handle MERINT reports from either vessels or other communications stations the immediately forwarding them to a Canadian or U. S. military fixed communication facility as prescribed by agreement with the appropriate military commander.

(2) U. S. military fixed communications stations will multiple-address the MERINT report to the following address designations:

(a) For sightings in overseas areas - reports will be forwarded to:
1. Addressees as prescribed by Area Commanders.
   (Normally, these addresses are the operating Service commands concerned.)
2. Commander-in-Chief, North American Air Defense Command (CINCNORAD), Ent AFB, Colorado Springs.
3. Chief of Staff, United States Air Force (COFS, USAF), Washington, D. C.

(3) Canadian and U. S. military communications stations will multiple-address the MERINT reports to the following address designations:

(a) For sightings within or adjacent to the North American continent, reports will be forwarded to:
1. Commander of the nearest Joint air defense division, command or group, CINCNORAD, Ent AFB, Colorado Springs, Colorado.
2. Appropriate Sea Frontier Command:
   a. Commander, Western Sea Frontier (COMWESTSEAFRON), San Francisco, Calif.
   b. Commander, Eastern Sea Frontier (COMEASTSEAFRON), New York, N. Y.
3. Chief of Staff, United States Air Force, (COFS USAF), Washington, D. C.

3-5
ORIGINAL


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 200-2
12-15

(2) Nearest Air Division (Defense), (For
United States only.)
(3) Air Technical Intelligence Center,
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
(4) HQ USAF (AFCIN), Wash. 25, D.C.
(5) Secretary of the Air Force (SAFIS),
Wash. 25, D.C.

b. Written Reports: (Basic letters and AF
Form 112.)
(1) Within the United States, submit all
reports direct to ATIC. ATIC will
reproduce each report and distribute
it to interested intelligence activities
in the United States and to Office of
Information Services, if such action is
considered necessary.

(2) Outside the United States, submit reports as prescribed in "Intelligence
Collection Instruction" (ICI) June
1954, direct to:
Hq USAF (AFCIN) Wash 25,
D.C.

c. Reports from Civilians. Where possible,
civilian sources contemplating reporting UFO's
should be advised to submit the report, for
processing and transmission, to the nearest Air
Force base, other than ATIC.

15. Basic Reporting Data and Format. Show
the abbreviation "UFO" at the beginning of the
text of all electrical reports and in the subject
of written reports. Include in all reports the
data required, in the order shown below:

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape.
(2) Size compared to a known object (use
one of the following terms: Head of
a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half
dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit, or baseball) held in the hand
at arm's length.

(3) Color.
(4) Number.
(5) Formation, if more than one.
(6) Any describable features or details.
(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size
of same compared to size of object(s).
(8) Sound. If heard, describe sound.
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features.

b. Description of Course of Object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?
(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of
objects(s) when first observed.

5


- page 2 -

ORGANIZATION
SAFOI-3c (DOD)

SAFLL (DOD)

Northwestern University
(Evanston, Illinois)

FTD (WPAFB, Ohio)
TID-8

NAME
Major William Coleman

Lt Col Boland

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
(Project Consultant)

Major Robert J. Friend

TELEPHONE
73002

73376

UN 4-1900
Ext. 285

69216


- page 3 -

RECORD OF CHANGES

JANAP 146(D)

Columns:
1. Identification of Change or Correction and date of same
2. Date Entered
3. By whom entered (Signature, rank, grade or rate; name of command)

The table is blank with empty rows.

Bottom of page notes:
VII

ORIGINAL
(Reverse Blank)


- page 4 -

CHAPTER II
CIRVIS REPORTS
SECTION I - GENERAL

201. Information to be Reported and When to Report. -

a. Sightings within the scope of this chapter, as outlined in Article 102(1), (2), (6) and (7), are to be reported as follows:

(1) While airborne (except over foreign territory - see paragraph 210) and from land based observers. NOTE: Canada and the United States are not considered foreign territory for either country for the purposes of this publication.

(a) Hostile or unidentified single aircraft or formations of aircraft which appear to be directed against the United States or Canada or their Forces.

(b) Missiles.

(c) Unidentified flying objects.

(d) Hostile or unidentified submarines.

(e) Hostile or unidentified group or groups of military surface vessels.

(f) Individual surface vessels, submarines, or aircraft of unconventional design, or engaged in suspicious activity or observed in a location or on a course which may be interpreted as constituting a threat to the United States, Canada or their Forces.

(g) Any unexplained or unusual activity which may indicate a possible attack against or through Canada or the United States, including the presence of any unidentified or other suspicious ground parties in the Polar region or other remote or sparsely populated areas.

(2) Upon landing:

(a) Reports which for any reason could not be transmitted while airborne.

(b) Unlisted airfields or facilities, weather stations, or air navigation aids.

(c) Post-landing reports.

2-1                ORIGINAL


- page 5 -

SECTION II - PROCEDURES                                JANAF 146(D)

202.  General. - Communications procedures to be employed will be basically those prescribed for the communication system or service used.  Continuing efforts will be made by an aircraft originating a CIRVIS report to insure that each CIRVIS message is reviewed by an appropriate station.

203.  Precedence (priority or transmission). -
    a.  To avoid delays by aircraft in rendering a CIRVIS report to a ground facility, the word "CIRVIS" spoken three (3) times will be employed, followed by the call, to clear the frequency(ies) over all other communications except DISTRESS, URGENCY and SAFETY, to insure its expeditious handling.

    b.  Should instances occur, when use of the above procedure fails to clear the frequency(ies) over all other communications in progress except as provided for in 203a, the International Urgency Signal "XXX" transmitted three (3) times or "PAN" spoken three (3) times will be employed to facilitate disposition of the message to the receiving facility.

    c.  The following precedence will be employed in the transmission of all CIRVIS reports, as appropriate, commensurate with the communications facilities used:

    Tabulation:
    Circuit clearance                 CIRVIS CIRVIS CIRVIS
    International Urgency             XXX XXX XXX or PAN PAN PAN
    Signal (alternate)
    Military precedence               Y or Emergency
    Commercial class of               RAPID US GOV'T for US Government
    service indicator                 activities or RUSH for Canadian
                                      Government activities (to be used
                                      only when refilled with commercial
                                      companies)

204.  Contents of CIRVIS Reports. -
    a.  Airborne CIRVIS reports will be similar to routine aircraft position reports transmitted by radiotelephone or radiotelegraph.  The appropriate procedures to be employed will be those applied to communications facilities utilized.  The reports should contain the following information, when appropriate, in the order listed:

    (1)  CIRVIS Report.

    (2)  Identification of reporting aircraft or observer as appropriate.

    (3)  Object sighted.  Give brief description of the sighting which should contain the following items as appropriate.

    2-2                                ORIGINAL


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

JANAF 146(d)

(a) Number of aircraft, vessels, missiles, submarines, etc.

(b) Category of object, general description, e.g., size, shape, type of propulsion, etc.

(c) The position of the object. This can be indicated by any of the following methods:
(a) Latitude and Longitude.
(b) Over a radio fix.
(c) True bearing and distance from a radio fix.
(d) Over a well-known or well-defined geographic point.
(e) True bearing and distance from a geographic point.

(5) Date and time of sighting (GMT).
(6) Altitude of object.
(7) Direction of travel of object.
(8) Speed of object.
(9) Any observed identification, insignia, or other significant information. Every reasonable effort should be made to positively identify the object sighted.

Example of an airground radio transmission:

(Aircraft)
CIRVIS CIRVIS CIRVIS - KINDLEY THIS IS AIR FORCE TWO FIVE NINE THREE SIX - CIRVIS REPORT - OVER

(Aeronautical Station)
AIR FORCE TWO FIVE NINE THREE SIX THIS IS KINDLEY - GO AHEAD

(Aircraft)
EMERGENCY - CIRVIS REPORT - AIR FORCE TWO FIVE NINE THREE SIX SIGHTED FORMATION OF SIX JET BOMBERS - CONFIGURATION IS SWEPT WING WITH EIGHT JET ENGINES - TWO HUNDRED MILES EAST OF BERMUDA ON THIRTEEN MAY AT ONE THREE FIVE ZERO ZULU - ALTITUDE THREE FIVE THOUSAND - HEADING TWO SEVEN ZERO DEGREES - NO MARKINGS OBSERVED - OVER

(Aeronautical Station)
KINDLEY - ROGER - OUT

2-3

ORIGINAL


- page 7 -

JANAF 146(D)

Example of an air/ground radiotelegraph transmission:
(Aircraft)                XXX XXX XXX AFA3 DE A48207
(Aeronautical
Station)                A48207 DE AFA3 K
(Aircraft)              Y - CIRVIS REPORT. A48207 SIGHTED ...............ETC.
(Aeronautical
Station)                A48207 DE AFAR AR

205. Additional CIRVIS Reports.-

a. Additional reports should be made if more information becomes available concerning a previously sighted object. These reports should contain a reference to the original report sufficient to identify them with the original sighting.

Example of an air/ground radiotelephone transmission:
(Aircraft)              CIRVIS CIRVIS CIRVIS - KINDLEY THIS IS AIR FORCE TWO
                        FIVE NINE THREE SIX - CIRVIS REPORT - OVER
(Aeronautical
Station)                AIR FORCE TWO FIVE NINE THREE SIX - THIS IS KINDLEY -
                        GO AHEAD
(Aircraft)              EMERGENCY - THE SIX JET BOMBERS PREVIOUSLY REPORTED AT
                        THE THREE FIVE ZERO ZULU BY AIR FORCE TWO FIVE NINE
                        ARE ONE FOUR THREE FIVE ZERO MILES WEST OF BERMUDA
                        AT ONE FOUR THREE FIVE ZULU - HEADING TWO SEVEN ZERO
                        DEGREES - OVER
(Aeronautical
Station)                KINDLEY - ROGER - OUT

NOTE: In radiotelegraph transmission, the same procedures would apply as prescribed in para 204.

b. Cancellation reports should be made in the event a previously reported sighting is positively identified as friendly or that it has been erroneously reported. Such reports should be transmitted as a brief message cancelling the previous report(s).

Example of an air/ground radiotelephone transmission:
(Aircraft)              CIRVIS CIRVIS CIRVIS - KINDLEY THIS IS AIR FORCE TWO
                        FIVE NINE THREE SIX - CIRVIS REPORT - OVER
(Aeronautical
Station)                AIR FORCE TWO FIVE NINE THREE SIX THIS IS KINDLEY -
                        GO AHEAD

2-4                     ORIGINAL


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

(Aircraft)                EMERGENCY - CANCEL CIRVIS REPORT OF ONE THREE FIVE ZERO
                          ZULU BY AIR FORCE TWO FIVE NINE THREE SIX - SIX JET
                          BOMBERS POSITIVELY IDENTIFIED AS AIR FORCE BRAVO FORTY
                          SEVENS AT ONE FOUR FOUR SIX ZULU - OVER

(Aeronautical
Station)                  KINDLEY - ROGER - OUT

NOTE: In radiotelegraph transmission, the same procedures would apply
       as prescribed in para 204.

C.    A post-landing report is desired immediately after landing
by CINCINGRAD or RCAF-ADC to amplify the airborne report(s). This may
be filed with either the military or civil communications facility
located at the place of landing. If the landing is not made in Canada
or the United States territory, the report should be made to the nearest
Canadian or United States military or diplomatic representative in that
area. The post-landing report will refer to the airborne report(s) and,
in addition, contain a brief resume of weather conditions at the time
of sighting(s), verification of the sighting(s) by other personnel and
any other information deemed appropriate. If the sighting was identified
as friendly, and a report so stating was filed while airborne, no post-
landing report is required.

(1)   If no airborne report was made as a result of inability
       to reach a communications station or due to being over
       foreign territory (see paragraph 210), the post-landing
       report will contain all the information available con-
       cerning the sighting.

206.   Addressing. -

a.    Aircraft. - It is imperative that all CIRVIS reports reach
the appropriate military command as quickly as possible. The reports,
therefore, shall be transmitted as soon as possible after the sighting.
Ground procedures have been established to handle CIRVIS reports by
either military or civil facilities, so the same procedures as those
now established and in use by pilots for air traffic control shall be
followed. When communication by civil communications cannot be established with any ground communications station, maximum effort shall be
made to relay the CIRVIS reports via other aircraft with which communication is possible.

(1)   Post-landing reports should be addressed to CINCINGRAD,
       HQT AFB, Colorado Springs, Colorado, or RCAF-ADC, St.
       Hubert, Quebec whichever is the more convenient if the
       sighting occurred within or adjacent to the North
       American continent. Whichever of these headquarters
       receives the report will immediately notify the other
       and also all other addresses of the original report(s).
       If the sighting occurred in other areas, the post-
       landing report should be made to the nearest US or

2-5                                                   ORIGINAL


- page 9 -

JANAP 146(D)

Canadian military or diplomatic representative in that area who will forward the report as provided in subparagraph 206b(1)(a).

b. Communications Stations. - Communications stations (to include any civil or military facility) such as control towers, naval on-shore radio station, approach control, ARTC center, or any other communications facility) receiving CIRVIS reports will immediately after receiving the report as follows (for additional instructions see military fixed communications stations in Canada, Alaska and Greenland see subparagraph (2) below):

(1) US military fixed communications stations will multiple-address the CIRVIS report to the following address designations:

(a) For sightings in overseas areas - reports will be forwarded to:

1. Addresses as prescribed by Area Commanders. (Normally, these addresses are the operating service commands concerned).

2. Commander-in-Chief, North American Air Defense Command (CINNORAD), Ent AFB, Colorado Springs, Colorado.

3. Chief of Staff, United States Air Force (COFS, USAF), Washington, D.C.

(2) Canadian and US military fixed communications stations will multiple address the CIRVIS reports to the following address designations:

(a) For sightings within or adjacent to the North American continent, reports will be forwarded to:

1. Commander of the nearest joint air defense division, command or group.

2. CINNORAD, Ent AFB, Colorado Springs, Colorado.

3. Appropriate Sea Frontier Command:
   a. Commander, Western Sea Frontier (COMWESTSEAFRON), San Francisco, California.
   b. Commander, Eastern Sea Frontier (COMEASTSEAFRON), New York, N.Y.

4. Chief of Staff, United States Air Force (COFS, USAF), Washington, D.C.

2-6                                      ORIGINAL


- page 10 -

5. RCAF Air Defense Command (CANAIRDEF) St. Hubert, Montreal, Canada.

6. Appropriate Flag Officer in Command:
    a. Canadian Flag Officer, Atlantic Coast, (CANFLAGLANT), Halifax, Nova Scotia.

    b. Canadian Flag Officer, Pacific Coast, (CANFLAGPAC), Esquimalt, British Columbia.

(3) Civil communications stations will handle CIRVIS reports received from either aircraft or other communications stations as follows:

    (a) Air Carrier company stations will pass the CIRVIS report, exactly as received, to the nearest CAA or DOT ARTC center in the same manner as air traffic control information.

    (b) CAA or DOT communications stations, upon receipt of a CIRVIS report will immediately pass the report to the appropriate ARTC center.

    (c) CAA or DOT ARTC Centers. Upon receipt of CIRVIS reports, ARTC centers will forward them immediately to the appropriate military facility as prescribed by agreement with the appropriate military commander.

207. Acceptance of and Responsibility for CIRVIS Reports. -

    a. The following activities have responsibilities as follows:

    (1) CONCORDAD or RCAF-ADC will review all CIRVIS reports to ascertain that they have been addressed in accordance with paragraph 206 and forward reports to any omitted addressees in the United States and Canada respectively. These headquarters are the normal points of contact between the two countries and responsible for passing CIRVIS reports of interest, including post-landing reports, to each other.

    (2) United States or Canadian military or diplomatic authorities in receipt of CIRVIS reports that have not been previously forwarded should take the action indicated in paragraph 206 without delay by the most rapid means available.

    (3) Chief of Staff, USAF, will disseminate CIRVIS reports to appropriate agencies in the Washington, D. C. area.

    (4) RCAF-ADC and the Canadian Flag Officers will be responsible for notifying Canadian military headquarters in Ottawa concerning CIRVIS reports.

2-7                                                                  ORIGINAL


- page 11 -

SUBJECT: Project #5771 (BLUE BOOK)

TO: AFOIN-16 (Colonel Wynn)

1. Project BLUE BOOK (Unidentified Flying Objects) was established within ATIC, and designated as "SIGN", following a much publicized place near Mt. Rainier, Washington. The objectives are:

a. To determine if unidentified flying objects constitute a threat to national security.

b. To determine if any scientific and/or technical information is available from these sightings, and

c. To identify and/or explain all UFO sightings.

In February 1949 the code name of the project was changed to "GRUDGE", remaining so until March 1952 when it was changed to the present designation.

2. The directives which are applicable to this program are JANAP-146-B, dated February 1959 (Tab A), and AFR 200-2 (Intelligence), dated 11 September 1959 (Tab B). ATIC responsibilities, defined in paragraph 4c of AFR 200-2, require overall coordination and evaluation of the pertinent scientific flying objects as well as overall monitoring of the program. The Office of Information Services (OITS) of the Secretary of the Air Force is responsible for releasing information or sighting and for answering public correspondence regarding UFOs. The Office of Legislative Liaison is responsible for answering all congressional mail regarding UFOs. The Commander of the Air Force Base nearest the location of a sighting is responsible for the initial investigation.

3. From June 1947 to 31 December 1960 the Air Force has collected a file of 6790 cases of unidentified flying objects. The reports received number more than 9000. For many of the cases were reported from multiple sources. Of the reports received by ATIC only 8.54 remain unidentified. This 8.54 is the truly representative, for most of the unidentified cases occurred during the early years of the program. The percent of unidentified cases in recent years is approximately 2% (Tab C).

4. The UFO project has a scientific consultant in the person of Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Director of the Dearborn Observatory and Head of the Department of Astrophysics at Northwestern University. Dr. Hynek's contact is maintained through and monitored by White Sands Proving Ground. Dr. Hynek has been continuously retained as consultant to the UFO project since mid-1948.

5. ATIC handling of the UFO program is directed toward satisfying our responsibilities as spelled out in AFR 200-2 and also to benefit as much as possible from the efforts which must be put into the program. Coordination is carried out with agencies of the government, industry or private.


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

JANAP 146(D)

(5) Sea Frontier Commanders will be responsible for notifying Chief of Naval Operations and appropriate Fleet Commanders concerning CIRVIS reports.

b. Fixed and mobile military communications facilities and military personnel having occasion to handle CIRVIS reports must lend assistance in all cases required to expedite CIRVIS reports. All civilian facilities and personnel are also urged to do so. Maximum effort must be made by all persons handling CIRVIS reports to ensure positive immediate delivery.

c. WHEN A STATION RECEIVES A PARTIAL CIRVIS REPORT AND THE REMAINDER IS NOT IMMEDIATELY FORTHCOMING, IT WILL BE RELAYED OR DELIVERED IN THE SAME MANNER AS A COMPLETE REPORT.

SECTION III - SECURITY

208. Military and Civilian. - Transmission of CIRVIS reports are subject to the U. S. Communications Act of 1934, as amended, and the Canadian Radio Act of 1938, as amended. Any person who violates the provisions of these acts may be liable to prosecution.

These reports contain information affecting the National Defense of the United States and Canada. Any person who makes an unauthorized transmission or disclosure of such a report may be liable to prosecution under Title 18 of the US Code, Chapter 37, or the Canadian Official Secrets Act of 1923, as amended. This should not be construed as requiring classification of CIRVIS messages. The purpose is to emphasize the necessity for the handling of such information within official channels only.

SECTION IV - EVALUATION REPORTS

209. Action by Activities. -

a. All investigative measures and evaluation processes instituted by addressees, and by originating authorities where applicable, will be handled in accordance with existing procedures and reports in accordance with these instructions, insuring that appropriate commands as listed in paragraph 206 are kept fully informed of investigative results and evaluations. These evaluations shall be expressed in terms indicating the reported sighting as being Positive, Probable, Possible, or No Threat insofar as being a threat to the security of the United States or American or Canadian forces, or an explanation of the subject reported when known.

b. The first two words of the text of an evaluation report shall be "CIRVIS EVALUATION" followed by the date-time-group and/or other identification of the CIRVIS report(s) being evaluated.

2-8                ORIGINAL


- page 13 -

SECTION V - SPECIAL CONSIDERATIONS                                JANAP 146(D)

210. Radio Transmission Restrictions. - CIRVIS reports will not be transmitted by radio while over foreign territory, other than Greenland or Iceland, but will be transmitted as soon as practicable upon leaving foreign territorial boundaries. In accordance with special permission from the Danish government, reports may be transmitted while traversing Greenland. Foreign territory includes all territory except international water areas and territory under the jurisdiction of the United States of America and Canada.

SECTION VI - COMMERCIAL CHARGES

211. Charges. -

    a. All charges incurred in handling CIRVIS reports through U.S. facilities will be charged to the U.S. Department of the Air Force (accounting symbol "AF"). Insofar as practicable, CIRVIS reports should be forwarded RAPID US GOVT COLLECT.

    b. All charges incurred in handling CIRVIS reports through Canadian facilities will be charged to the Royal Canadian Air Force. Insofar as practicable, CIRVIS reports so handled will be forwarded "RUSH COLLECT".

    c. Any or all questions of charges will be resolved after traffic has been handled. In no case should CIRVIS reports be delayed because of communication handling charges.

2-9                                                ORIGINAL
                                                (Reverse Blank)


- page 14 -

CHAPTER III

MERINT REPORTS

SECTION 1 - GENERAL

301. Information to be Reported and When to Report. -

a. Sightings within the scope of this chapter, as outlined in Article 1025, (3), (4), (5) and (6) are to be reported as follows:

(1) Immediately (except when within territorial waters of nations other than Canada or the USA as prescribed by International Law).

(a) Hostile or unidentified single aircraft or formation of aircraft which appear to be directed against Canada or the United States or their forces.

(b) Missiles.

(c) Unidentified flying objects.

(d) Hostile or unidentified submarines.

(e) Hostile or unidentified group or groups of military surface vessels.

(f) Individual surface vessels, submarines, or aircraft of unconventional design, or engaged in suspicious activities or observed in an unusual location.

(g) Any unexplained or unusual activity which may indicate possible attack against the United States, Canada or the presence of any unidentified or other suspicious ground parties in the Polar Region or other remote or sparsely populated areas.

SECTION II - PROCEDURES

302. General. - Communication procedures to be employed will be basically Those Prescribed For the communications system used. Merchant ships will employ normal international commercial communication procedures and utilize existing commercial or military facilities as appropriate. Every effort will be made to obtain an acknowledgement for each MERINT message transmitted. Vessels which are manned by military or civil service personnel will use military communication procedure.

3-1

ORIGINAL


- page 15 -

303. Precedence (priority of transmission). -

Transmission of MERINT reports shall be preceded by the word "MERINT", an international "Urgency Signal". Additionally, the military precedence of "Emergency" shall be used for U.S. Government reports. For reports addressed to Canadian Government activities, "Rapid US GOVT" or "Canadian Government activities shall be used".

Tabulation
Circuit Clearance                   MERINT MERINT: MERINT
International Urgency Signal        XXX XXX or PAN PAN
(Alternate)
Military Precedence                 RAPID US GOVT for US Government
Commercial Class of Service         activities or RUSH for Canadian
Indicator                           Government activities (to be
                                    used only when retitled with
                                    commercial companies)

304. Contents of MERINT Reports. -

In the MERINT reports should contain the following as applicable:

(1) "MERINT" will always be the first word of the text.

(2) Name and call letters of reporting ship.

(3) Object sighted. Give brief description of the sighting which should contain the following items as appropriate:

(a) Number of aircraft, vessels, missiles, submarines, etc.

(b) Category of object, general description, e.g., size, shape, type of propulsion, etc.

(4) Ship's position at time of sightings.

(5) Date and time of sighting (GMT)*

(6) Altitude of object expressed as Low, Medium or High.

(7) Direction of travel of object.

(8) Speed of object.

(9) Any observed identification, insignia, or other significant information. Every reasonable effort should be made to positively identify the object sighted.

3-2                                  ORIGINAL


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

(10) Conditions of sea and weather.

* "071430Z" is an example of a complete date-time group (DTG). When broken into component parts (07) is the day of the month, followed by (14) the hour in 24 hour time, (30) the minutes of the hour, followed by (Z) the time zone. "Z" signifies that Greenwich Mean Time has been used in composing the date-time group.

Day of Month | Hour Expressed | Minutes of the hour | Indication that GMT is being used

EXAMPLE of a Radiotelephone Transmission:
MERINT MERINT MERINT - WHISKEY ZULU TANGO - THIS IS KILO HOTEL
WHISKEY MIKE - OVER
KILO HOTEL WHISKEY MIKE - THIS IS - WHISKEY ZULU TANGO - WHISKEY MIKE
MERINT SS TUNA KILO HOTEL WHISKEY MIKE SIGHTED FORMATION OF SIX
JET BOMBERS LAT 40N 50F AT 2115002 ALTITUDE MEDIUM HEADING
270 DEGREES TYPE OF AIRCRAFT NOT OBSERVED BEFORE WIND FORCE
3 SEA CALM -
OVER

EXAMPLE of a Radiotelegraph Transmission:
MERINT MERINT MERINT CFH DE KHMW K
KHMW DE CFH K
CFH DE KHMW
"RAPID U S GOVERNMENT" or CANADIAN "RUSH"
MERINT (REMAINDER OF TEXT)
2115132 JONES KHMW
K

305. Additional MERINT Reports. -
a. Amplifying Reports. -
    (1) When additional information becomes available to any observer and is of importance, it is to be transmitted as a "MERINT AMPLIFY" report.

    (2) Amplifying reports are to be handled in the same way as the original report except that the first two words of the text will be "MERINT AMPLIFY" followed by the date and time of filing of the MERINT report being amplified.

    (3) Amplifying reports on aerial objects normally consist of additional information pertaining to the sighted objects: size, shape, description of jet or rocket streams; color, sound; if multiple objects, the number; type; method of propulsion; number of engines; insignia and estimated speed.

3-3 ORIGINAL


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

JANAP 146(d)

(4) Amplifying reports on submarines or surface sightings normally consist of additional information on the state of sea and weather, including visibility; actions of object (course, speed, evasive maneuvers, etc.) identification marks; (flags, signals, numbers, exchange of communications); closed reports with which observed; any further remarks; (lived, surfaced, commenced snorkeling, stopped snorkeling, etc.)

b. Cancellation Reports.-

(1) Cancellation reports should be made in the event a previously reported sighting is positively identified as friendly, erroneous or false.

(2) MERINT cancellations are to be handled in the same manner as the original MERINT report except that the first two words shall be "MERINT CANCEL" followed by the date and time of filing of the MERINT report being cancelled and, in brief, the information on which the cancellation is based.

c. Delayed Reports.- In the event a MERINT report cannot be made by radio, the Master is requested to report the details of the MERINT sighting to the appropriate Canadian or United States military authorities. If the port of arrival is outside of Canada or USA, the report is to be made to the nearest Canadian or US military or diplomatic representative in the area. This report when available and should be submitted in the format prescribed in paragraph 304.

306. Addressing.-

a. Vessels.-

(1) It is imperative that all MERINT reports reach the appropriate military commands as quickly as possible. The reports, therefore, shall be transmitted as soon as possible after the sighting. All Canadian or U.S. vessels listed under Para 106, (3), (4), and (5) are to transmit in plain language all MERINT reports to the nearest Canadian or U.S. military, government or commercial radio station, regardless of whether the vessel is Canadian or U.S. registered.

(2) Naval vessels which intercept MERINT reports from merchant vessels shall copy the report and immediately relay EXACTLY AS RECEIVED to the appropriate Canadian or U.S. Navy-Shore Radio Station with relay instructions.

3-4                ORIGINAL


- page 18 -

JANAP 146(D)

b. Communications Stations. - Communications Stations (to include any commercial, government or military facility such as coastal marine radio station, telegraph office, naval or coast guard shore radio station or any other communication facility) receiving MERINT reports will immediately after receiving process the report as follows:

(1) Canadian or U. S. commercial or government communications stations will handle MERINT reports from either vessels or other communications stations the immediately forwarding them to a Canadian or U. S. military fixed communication facility as prescribed by agreement with the appropriate military commander.

(2) U. S. military fixed communications stations will multiple-address the MERINT report to the following address designations:

(a) For sightings in overseas areas - reports will be forwarded to:
1. Addressees as prescribed by Area Commanders.
   (Normally, these addresses are the operating Service commands concerned.)
2. Commander-in-Chief, North American Air Defense Command (CINCNORAD), Ent AFB, Colorado Springs.
3. Chief of Staff, United States Air Force (COFS, USAF), Washington, D. C.

(3) Canadian and U. S. military communications stations will multiple-address the MERINT reports to the following address designations:

(a) For sightings within or adjacent to the North American continent, reports will be forwarded to:
1. Commander of the nearest Joint air defense division, command or group, CINCNORAD, Ent AFB, Colorado Springs, Colorado.
2. Appropriate Sea Frontier Command:
   a. Commander, Western Sea Frontier (COMWESTSEAFRON), San Francisco, Calif.
   b. Commander, Eastern Sea Frontier (COMEASTSEAFRON), New York, N. Y.
3. Chief of Staff, United States Air Force, (COFS USAF), Washington, D. C.

3-5
ORIGINAL


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

JANAP 146(d)

5. RCAF Air Defense Command (CANAIRDEF), St. Hubert, Montreal.

6. Appropriate Flag Officer in Command:
    a. Canadian Flag Officer, Atlantic Coast, (CANFLAGAV), Halifax, Nova Scotia.
    b. Canadian Flag Officer, Pacific Coast, (CANFLAGPAC), Esquimalt, British Columbia.

307. Acceptance of and Responsibility for MERINT Reports. -

    a. The following activities have responsibilities as follows:
        (1) CINCNORAD or RCAF-ADC will review all MERINT reports to ascertain that such reports have been addressed in accordance with paragraph 306 and forward reports to any United addresses in U. S. and Canada respectively. These headquarters are the normal points of contact between the two countries and are responsible for passing MERINT reports of interest, including delayed reports, to each other.

        (2) Canadian or United States military or diplomatic authorities in receipt of MERINT reports will take the action indicated in paragraph 306 without delay by the most rapid means available.

        (3) Chief of Staff, USAF, will disseminate MERINT reports to appropriate agencies in the Washington, D. C. area.

        (4) RCAF-ADC and the Canadian Flag Officers will be responsible for notifying Canadian military headquarters in Ottawa concerning MERINT reports.

        (5) Sea Frontier Commanders will be responsible for notifying Chief of Naval Operations and the appropriate Fleet Commanders concerning MERINT reports.

    b. Fixed and mobile military communications facilities and military personnel having occasion to handle MERINT reports must use assistance in all cases required in expediting MERINT reports. All civilian facilities and personnel are also urged to do so. Maximum effort should be made by all persons handling MERINT reports to insure positive immediate delivery.

    c. WHEN A STATION RECEIVES A PARTIAL MERINT REPORT AND THE REMAINDER IS NOT IMMEDIATELY FORTHCOMING, IT WILL BE RELAYED OR DELIVERED IN THE SAME MANNER AS A COMPLETE REPORT.

3-6                                                                  ORIGINAL


- page 20 -

JANAP 146(D)

SECTION III - SECURITY

308. Military and Civilian. - Transmission of MERINT reports are subject to the Communications Act of 1934, as amended, and the Canadian Radio Act of 1938, as amended. Any person who violates the provisions of these acts may be liable to prosecution thereunder. These reports contain information affecting the National Defense of the United States and Canada. Any person who makes an unauthorized transmission or disclosure of such a report may be liable to prosecution under Title 18 of the US Code, Chapter 37, or the Canadian Official Secrets Act of 1939, as amended. This should not be construed as requiring classification of MERINT messages. The purpose is to emphasize the necessity for the handling of such information with official channels only.

SECTION IV - EVALUATION REPORTS

309. Action by Activities. -
a. All investigative measures and evaluation processes instituted by addressees, and by originating authorities, where applicable, will be handled and reported in accordance with existing procedures, insuring that appropriate commands as listed in paragraph 306 are kept fully informed of investigative results and evaluations. These evaluations shall be expressed in terms indicating the reported sighting as being Positive, Probable, Possible or No Threat insofar as being a threat to the security of the United States of America or their Forces, or an explanation of the subject reported when known.

b. The first two words of the text of an evaluation report shall be "MERINT EVALUATION" followed by the date-time-group and/or other identification of the MERINT report(s) being evaluated.

SECTION V - SPECIAL CONSIDERATIONS

310. Radio Transmission Restrictions. - MERINT reports will not be transmitted by radio other than Canadian or U. S. or international waters.

SECTION VI - COMMERCIAL CHARGES

311. Charges. -
a. All charges incurred in handling MERINT reports through U. S. facilities will be charged to the U. S. Department of the Navy (accounting symbol NAVY). Insofar as practicable, MERINT reports so handled should be forwarded RAPID US GOVT COLLECT.

b. All charges incurred in handling MERINT reports through facilities will be charged to the Royal Canadian Navy. Insofar

3-7                                                                   ORIGINAL


- page 21 -

as practicable, MERINT reports so handled will be forwarded "RUSH COLLECT".

c. Any or all questions of charges will be resolved after traffic has been handled. In no case should MERINT reports be delayed because of communication handling charges.

U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1959 O-436815

3-8

ORIGINAL

JANAP 146(D)


- page 22 -

scientific efforts that might have an interest in or benefit from information
contained in a UFO report or the analysis thereof. (Tab D)

6. Many other government and Air Force scientific agencies, as well as the
scientific community at ATIC, are used to assure with the analyses of UFO
reports. The scope of the program is so great that it is possible to broach
on an area that requires special information, i.e., spacecraft data.

7. In summary ATIC is responsible for the overall monitoring of the USAF
program. Close coordination is maintained with SAFOI and SAFLL on matters
of the program pertaining to public information and Congress. It is anticipated that the method of operation for the UFO Branch will change very
little when the transfer of ATIC to AFSC becomes effective.

[Signature]
Robert J. Friend
Major, USAF


- page 23 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank white document page with two hole punches at the top and a small label or marker "B" on the right side of the page.


- page 24 -

Here is the text from the document:

AIR FORCE REGULATION
NO. 200-2

*AFR 200-2
1-3

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
Washington, 14 September 1959

Intelligence

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)
This regulation establishes the responsibility and procedure for reporting information and
evidence on unidentified flying objects (UFO) and for releasing pertinent information to the
general public.

SECTION A - GENERAL
Background Information
Definitions
Objectives
Responsibility
Guidance
Reporting UFO Information

Paragraph
1
2
3
4
5
6

SECTION B - PUBLIC RELATIONS, INFORMATION, CONTACTS, AND RELEASES
Maintaining Public Relations
7
Release Information
8
Exceptions
9
Release by Non-Air Force Sources
10
Contacts
11

SECTION C - PREPARING AND SUBMITTING REPORTS
General Information
12
Methods for Transmitting Reports
13
Where To Submit Reports
14
Basic Reporting Data and Format
15
Negative or Inapplicable Data
16
Command of Preparing Officer
17
Classifying Reports
18
Reporting Physical Evidence
19

SECTION A - GENERAL

1. Background Information. The Air Force
investigation and analysis of UFOs over the
United States are directly related to its responsi-
bility for the defense of the United States. Be-
cause prompt reporting and rapid identification
are necessary to carry out second of the four
phases of air defense—detection, identification,
interception, and destruction, the Air Force
maintains the Unidentified Flying Object Pro-
gram. Successful implementation of the program
requires strict compliance with this regulation by
all commanders.

2. Definitions. To insure proper and uni-
form usage in UFO screenings, investigations,
and reportings, the objects are defined as follows:
a. Familiar or Known Objects. Aircraft,
birds, balloons, kites, searchlights, and astrono-
mical bodies (meteors, planets, stars).

b. Unidentified Aircraft:
(1) Flying objects determined to be air-
craft. These generally appear as a
result of ADIZ violations and often
prompt the UFO reports submitted
by the general public. They are
readily identifiable as, or known to
be, aircraft, but their type, purpose,
origin, and destination are unknown.
Air Defense Command is responsible
for reports of "unknown" aircraft
until they should not be reported as
unidentified under this regulation.

(2) Aircraft flares, jet exhausts, con-
densation trails, blinking or steady
lights observed at night, lights cir-
cling or near airports, searchlights,
and other similar phenomena known
to be emanating from, or to be indi-
cations of aircraft. These should not

[This regulation supersedes AFRs 200-2, 5 February 1958, and 200-2A, 16 April 1959.]

OPT: AFCIN
DISTRIBUTION: S

1


- page 25 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 200-2
-4-

be reported under this regulation as they do not fall within the definition of a UFO.

(3) Pilotless aircraft and missiles.

c. Unidentified Flying Objects. Any airborne object which, by performance, aerodynamic characteristics, or unusual features, does not conform to known aircraft or missiles, or which does not correspond to definitions in a and b above.

3. Objectives. Air Force interest in UFO's is three-fold: First, as a possible threat to the security of the United States and its forces; second, to determine the technical or scientific characteristics of any such UFO's; third, to explain or identify all UFO sightings as defined in paragraph 2c.

a. Air Defense. The great majority of flying objects reported have been found to be conventional, familiar things of no great threat to the security of the United States and its possessions. However, since the possibility cannot be ignored that UFO's reported may be hostile or have potential capabilities beyond current scientific knowledge, it is imperative that sightings be reported initially, and as completely as possible.

b. Technical and Scientific. The Air Force will continue to collect and analyze reports of UFO's until all can be scientifically or technically explained that the full potential of a sighting has been exploited. In performance of this task the following factors should be kept in mind:

(1) To measure scientific advances, the Air Force must have the latest experimental and developmental information on new or unique air vehicles or weapons.

(2) The possibility exists that foreign air vehicles of revolutionary configuration or propulsion may be developed.

(3) There is a need for further scientific knowledge in such fields as geophysics, astronomy, and the upper atmosphere, which can aid in the analysis of UFO's and similar phenomena.

(4) The reporting of all pertinent factors will have a direct bearing on scientific analyses and conclusions of UFO sightings.

c. Reduction of Percentage of UFO "Unidentifieds". Air Force activities must reduce the percentage of unidentifieds to the minimum. Analysis thus far has provided explanation for all but a few of the sightings reported. These unexplained sightings are carried statistically as unidentifieds. If more immediate, detailed objective data on the unknowns had been available, they probably would have been explained. However, due to the human factors involved, and the fact that analyses of UFO sightings are based primarily on the personal impressions and interpretations of the observers, rather than on accurate scientific data or facts obtained under controlled conditions, it is improbable that all of the unidentifieds can be eliminated.

4. Responsibilities:

a. Reporting. Base commanders will report all information and evidence of UFO sightings, including information and evidence received from other sources, Government agencies, and civilian sources. Investigators will be authorized to make telephone calls from the investigation Center (ATIC), Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio (Clearwater 3-7111, ext. 69216), for the purpose of the calls is to report high priority findings.

b. Investigation. The commander of the Air Force base nearest the location of the reported UFO sighting will conduct all investigative action necessary to exhaust a complete initial investigation. The investigation will be made to resolve the sighting in the initial investigation. A UFO sighting reported to an Air Force base other than that closest to the scene of such sighting will be referred immediately to the commander of the nearest Air Force base for appropriate action. (See paragraph 6.)

c. Analysis. The ATIC will analyze and evaluate:

(1) Information and evidence reported within the United States after the investigators of the responsible Air Force base nearest the sighting have exhausted their efforts to identify the UFO.

(2) Information and evidence collected in overseas areas.

Note. Exceptions: The ATIC, independently or in participation with component Air Force units, may conduct any additional investigations necessary to further or conclude its analyses or findings.

d. Public Relations and Information Services. The Office of Information Services, Office of the Secretary of the Air Force, will be responsible for releasing information on sightings and, in coordination with ATIC, for answering correspondence from the public regarding UFO's. (See paragraphs 7 and 8.)

2


- page 26 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 200-2
4-6

c. Congressional Inquiries. The Office of Legislative Liaison will:
(1) In coordination with the ATIC and/or Information Services, when necessary answer all congressional inquiries and forward to the Secretary of the Air Force and Headquarters USAF.

(2) Forward those inquiries which are scientific and technical to the ATIC for information on which to base a reply. The ATIC will return this information to the Office of Legislative Liaison for reply to the inquiry.

(3) Process requests from congressional sources in accordance with AFR 11-7.

5. Cooperation. All Air Force activities will cooperate with Air Force UFO investigators to insure the economical and prompt success of investigations and analyses. When feasible, this cooperation will include furnishing air or ground transportation and other assistance.

5. Guidance. The thoroughness and quality of a report or investigation of UFOs are limited only by the skill and resourcefulness of the person who receives the initial information and/or prepares the report. The usefulness and value of any report or investigation depend on the accuracy and timeliness of its contents. Following are aids for screening, evaluating, and reporting sightings:

a. Careful study of the logic, consistency, and coherence of the observer's report. An interviewing the observer by personnel preparing the report is especially valuable in determining the source's reliability and the validity of the information given. Particular attention should be given to the observer's age, occupation, and education and whether his occupation involves observation reporting or technical knowledge. A witness is more completely familiar with certain aspects of a sighting, his or her specific qualifications should be indicated.

c. Theodolite measurements of changes of azimuth, and elevation and angular size.

e. Interception, identification, or air search if appropriate and within the scope of air defense.

d. When feasible, contact with local aircraft control and warning (ACW) units, pilots and crews of aircraft aloft at the time and place of sighting. Also, contact with any other persons or organizations that may have factual data on the UFO or can offer corroborating evidence—visual, electronic, or other.

e. Consultation with military or civilian weather forecasters for data on tracks of weather balloons released in the area and any unusual meteorological activity which may have a bearing on the UFO.

f. Consultation with navigators and astronomers in the area to determine whether any astronomical body or phenomenon would account for the sighting.

g. Consultation with military and civilian tower operators, air operations units, and airlines to determine whether the sighting could have been an aircraft. Local units of the Federal Aviation Agency (FAA) are often of assistance in this regard.

h. Contact with persons who may know of experimental aircraft of unusual configuration, rocket and guided missile firing, or aerial tests in the area.

i. Contact with photographic units or laboratories. Usually, these installations have several cameras available for specialized intelligence or investigative work. Photography is an invaluable tool and, where possible, should be used in investigating and analyzing UFO sightings. (See paragraph 19.)

j. Whenever possible, selecting as a UFO sighting investigator an individual with a scientific or technical background as well as experience as an investigator.

6. Reporting UFO Information. Both the Assistant Chief of Staff Intelligence, Headquarters USAF, and the Air Defense Command have a direct and immediate interest in the facts pertaining to UFOs reported within the United States.

a. All Air Force activities will conduct UFO investigations to the extent necessary for their required reporting action (see paragraphs 15, 16, and 17). However, investigations should not be carried beyond this point, unless such action is directed by Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence, Headquarters USAF, or the preparing officer believes the magnitude (intelligence significance or public relations) of the case warrants full scale investigation. Telephone contact should be made with the Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence (69216) at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. Ohio, to obtain verbal authorization for continued investigation. This should be so noted in the preliminary report. (Foreign activities will proceed on their own judgment and so advise the ATIC in the preliminary message.)

b. After initial reports are submitted, the ATIC may require additional data, such as narrative statements, sketches, marked maps

3


- page 27 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AFR 200-2
6-12

and charts, and other required data, which can
be supplied more quickly and economically by
the Air Force activity that made the initial report. Therefore, ATIC is authorized to contract
the appropriate agency for this purpose.

should be exercised not to reveal any classified
aspects of the sighting or names of persons
making reports. When a sighting involves a
highly unusual or unexplainable or difficult to identify aerial object, or when the circumstances
suggest, that the sighting is being investigated
and information regarding it will be released at
a later date. If investigative action has been
completed, the fact that the results of the investigation will be submitted to the ATIC for
review and analysis may be released. Further
inquiries should be referred to the local Office
of Information Services.

8. Direct communication is authorized between ATIC and other Air Force activities in
matters pertaining to UFO investigations. Spot
reports will be made to the Directorate of Intelligence, Hq USAF, through the base commander, 1137th Field Activities Group, Fort
Belvoir, Virginia, to conduct further field investigation if review of the initial report indicates such a requirement. In this event, the ATIC
investigating will prepare the final report. (See
paragraph 4b.)

10. Release by Non-Air Force Sources. If
newsmen, writers, publishers, or private individuals desire to release unofficial information concerning a UFO sighting, every effort will be made
to assure that the statements, theories, opinions,
and allegations of these individuals or groups
will not be associated with or represented as
being official information.

SECTION B-PUBLIC RELATIONS,
INFORMATION, CONTACTS AND
RELEASES
7. Maintaining Public Relations. The Office
of Information Services is responsible for:
a. In coordination with the ATIC when
necessary, maintaining contact with the public
and the press on all aspects of the UFO program
and its related activities.

11. Contacts. Private individuals or organizations requesting Air Force interviews, briefings, lectures, or private discussions on UFO
will be referred to the Secretary of Information Services, Office of the Secretary of the Air Force. Air Force personnel, other than those of the
Office of Information Services, will not contact
private individuals on UFO cases nor will they
discuss their operations and functions with unauthorized persons unless so directed, and then
only on a "need-to-know" basis.

b. Releasing information on UFO sightings
and results of investigation.
c. Periodically releasing information on this
subject to the general public.
d. Processing, answering, and taking action
on correspondence received from the general
public, pertaining to the publications, interest,
and informational aspects of the subject. (See
paragraph 9.) This office will forward correspondence to ATIC for technical, scientific, and scientific to ATIC for information on
which to base a reply.

SECTION C-PREPARING AND
SUBMITTING REPORTS
12. General Information:
a. Paragraphs 2 and 5 will be used as an
aid and guidance to screenings, investigations,
and reporting. The format will be as outlined
in paragraph 15. Activities initially receiving
reports of aerial objects and phenomena will
screen the information to determine if the report
concerns a valid UFO within the definition of
paragraph 2c. Reports not within that definition
will not be considered for further action under
the provisions of this regulation.

8. Releasing Information. All information
or releases concerning UFO's, regardless of origin or nature, will be released to the public or to
official persons or organizations by the Office of
Information Services, Office of the Secretary of
the Air Force. This includes replies to correspondence except compensational replies) relating to UFO sightings, investigations, and
activities by private individuals requesting comments or results or analysis and investigations
of sightings.

b. To assist activities and personnel responsible for handling, screening, and processing
initial, incoming UFO information, the general
source and types of reports are given here:

9. Exceptions. In response to local inquiries
resulting from any UFO reported in the vicinity
of an Air Force base, information regarding a
sighting may be released to the press or the concerned local public by the commander of the base
concerned only if it has been positively
identified as a familiar or known object. Care

(1) Generally, initial UFO reports are
received from two sources:
(a) Civilian (airline, private, and professional pilots, tower operators,
technical personnel, casual observers,

4


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 200-2
12-15

(2) Nearest Air Division (Defense), (For
United States only.)
(3) Air Technical Intelligence Center,
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
(4) HQ USAF (AFCIN), Wash. 25, D.C.
(5) Secretary of the Air Force (SAFIS),
Wash. 25, D.C.

b. Written Reports: (Basic letters and AF
Form 112.)
(1) Within the United States, submit all
reports direct to ATIC. ATIC will
reproduce each report and distribute
it to interested intelligence activities
in the United States and to Office of
Information Services, if such action is
considered necessary.

(2) Outside the United States, submit reports as prescribed in "Intelligence
Collection Instruction" (ICI) June
1954, direct to:
Hq USAF (AFCIN) Wash 25,
D.C.

c. Reports from Civilians. Where possible,
civilian sources contemplating reporting UFO's
should be advised to submit the report, for
processing and transmission, to the nearest Air
Force base, other than ATIC.

15. Basic Reporting Data and Format. Show
the abbreviation "UFO" at the beginning of the
text of all electrical reports and in the subject
of written reports. Include in all reports the
data required, in the order shown below:

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape.
(2) Size compared to a known object (use
one of the following terms: Head of
a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half
dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit, or baseball) held in the hand
at arm's length.

(3) Color.
(4) Number.
(5) Formation, if more than one.
(6) Any describable features or details.
(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size
of same compared to size of object(s).
(8) Sound. If heard, describe sound.
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features.

b. Description of Course of Object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?
(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of
objects(s) when first observed.

5


- page 29 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 200-2
15-18

(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance.
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s).
(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the North, etc.)
(6) How long was the object(s) visible? (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc.)

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, ground-electronic, air electronic.
(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof.
(3) If the sighting is made while airborne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.

d. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date group of sighting.
(2) Light conditions. (Use one of the following terms: Night, day, dawn, dusk.)

e. Location of Observer(s). Exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position. A position with reference to a known landmark also should be given in electronic reports, such as "2mi N of Deville?" "3mi SW of Blue Lake." Typographical errors or "garbling" often result in electrically transmitted messages, making location plots difficult or impossible.

Example: 89 45N, 192 71W for 39 45N, 102 21W.

f. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
(1) Civilian—Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability.
(2) Military—Name, grade, organization, and/or duty, and estimate of reliability.

g. Weather and Winds—Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sighting:
(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions.
(2) Reports from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity.
(3) Winds aloft at surface, 6,000', 10,000', 16,000', 20,000', 30,000', 50,000', and 80,000'.
(4) Ceiling.
(5) Visibility.

(5) Amount of cloud cover.
(6) Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located.
(7) Temperature gradient.

h. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.
i. Interception or identification action taken (such action may be taken whenever feasible, complying with existing air defense directives).
j. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon relative in the area which could possibly account for the sighting.

k. Position title and comments of preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s). (See paragraph 17.)

l. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs.

16. Negative or Inapplicable Data. Even though the source does not provide or has not been asked for specific information by an interviewer, do not use the words "negative" or "unidentified" until all logical leads to obtain the information outlined under paragraph 15 have been exhausted. For example, information on weather conditions in the area, as requested in paragraph 15g may be obtained from the local military or civilian weather facility. Use the phrase "not available" or "N/A" only when the question does not apply to the particular sighting being investigated.

17. Classification. The preparing officer will make a preliminary analysis and a comment on the possible cause or identity of the object being reported, together with a statement supporting his comment and analysis. Every effort will be made to obtain pertinent information. A comment to the effect that the locality or explanation of the sighting. (See paragraph 5.) The preparing officer receiving the report initially is in a much better position to conduct an "on-the-spot" survey for firm conclusions.

18. Classification. Do not classify reports unless data requested in paragraph 15 require classification. Classify reports primarily to protect:

6


- page 30 -

Here is the text from the document:

a. Names of sources reporting UFO's and other principals involved, if so requested by these persons or considered necessary;

b. Intelligence, investigative, intercept, or analytic methods or procedures;

c. Location of radar and other classified sites, units, and equipment;

d. Information on certain types, characteristics, and capabilities of classified aircraft, missiles, or devices that may be involved in the sighting.

19. Reporting Physical Evidence. Report promptly the existence of physical evidence (photographs or material). All physical evidence forwarded to the ATIC should be marked for the attention of AFCIN-4E42.

a. Photographs:
(1) Still Photographs. Forward the negative and two prints. Title the prints and the negatives, or indicate the place, time, and date of the incident.

(2) Motion Pictures. Obtain the original film. Examine the film strip for apparent cuts, alterations, obliterations, or defects. In the report comment on any irregularities, particularly if received from other than official sources.

(3) Supplemental Photographic Information. Negatives and prints often are insufficient to provide certain conclusive data or to permit firm conclusions. (See AFM 200-1 - a classified document receiving limited distribution.)

Information that will aid in plotting or estimating distances, apparent size and nature of object, probable velocity and movements includes:
(a) Type and make of camera,
(b) Type, focal length, and make of lens,

(e) Brand and type of film,
(d) Shutter speed used, that is, "f"
(e) Lens opening used,
(f) Film used,
(g) Was tripod or solid stand used,
(h) Was "panning" used,
(i) Exact direction camera was pointing with relation to true north, and its angle with respect to the ground.

(4) Other Camera Data. If supplemental information cannot be obtained, the minimum camera data required are the type of camera, and the smallest and largest "f" stop and shutter-speed readings of the camera.

(5) Radar. Forward two copies of each still-camera photographic print. The radarscope photographic prints in accordance with AFR 95-7. Classify radarscope photographs in accordance with section XII, AFR 205-1, 1 April 1958.

If possible, develop photographic film before forwarding. If undeveloped film is forwarded, mark it conspicuously to indicate this fact. Undeveloped film often has been destroyed by exposure during examinations made while en route through mail channels to final addresses.

b. Material. Each Air Force echelon receiving suspected or actual UFO material will safeguard it in a manner to prevent any defacing or alterations which might reduce its value for intelligence examination and analysis.

c. Photographs, Motion Pictures, and Negatives Submitted. Individuals, units, and organizations submitting photographic and pictorial material submitted, will be returned to the individual upon completion of necessary studies, analyses, and duplication by the Air Force.

By Order of the Secretary of the Air Force:

THOMAS D. WHITE
Chief of Staff

OFFICIAL:
J. L. TARR
Colonel, USAF
Director of Administrative Services


- page 31 -

The image appears to be a blank white document page with two hole punches at the top and a small label "C" on the right side of the page. There is no readable text on this page.


- page 32 -

Title: CASES OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS REPORTED TO ATIC -- 24 June 1947 - 31 December 1960

The document is a statistical table showing the number and percentage of UFO sightings across different categories from 1947-1960, with columns for years and rows for different classification types such as:

- Unidentified
- Identified
- Astro-Physical
- Satellites
- Aircraft
- Balloon
- Industry/Govt/Other
- Other

The table includes both raw numbers and percentages for each category across the years, with totals at the bottom of the table. The data appears to track UFO reports processed by ATIC (Air Technical Intelligence Center) during this period.

The bottom of the table shows total case numbers ranging from 219 in the earliest period to 423 in later years, with corresponding percentage calculations.


- page 33 -

Tab A                JAMAF 146D, February 1959

Tab B                AFR 200-2 (Intelligence),
                    14 September 1959

Tab C                Statistics

Tab D                Flow Chart

Tab E                List of Key Personnel
                    Associated with the
                    UFO Program

Tab F                Facilities available to
                    FTD for analysis of UFO
                    reports and material, and
                    when needed assist in investigation
                    of sightings.


- page 34 -

LEGEND

Read across for the percentage in each category
for each period or year.

Read across for the number of sightings in each
category for each period or year. Read down for the
number of sightings each period or year in each category.

Read down for the percentage for each period or
year in each category.

Totals on the right of the chart are totals for each category
for the entire period from 24 June 1947 to 31 December 1960. The
corresponding percentages are shown just below these totals.

Totals along the bottom of the chart are all of the sightings
for each period or year. The corresponding percentages are shown below
these totals.


- page 35 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank white document page with two hole punches at the top and a small "D" label on the right side of the page.


- page 36 -

Legend:
Comp Requests
Reports
Analysis
Information Resulting From
Reports

Flow Chart
(Current)

Congress

Civil
Organizations

SAFOI

SAFOL

General
Public

Foreign
Sources

AFCIN

Project
Consultant

Other Govt
Agencies

USAF
Organizations

AFSIS
(ASD)

Other Govt
Agencies


- page 37 -

The only text visible in this image is the letter "E" on a small gray label located in the bottom right corner of the document. The rest of the page appears to be blank white space with two hole punches at the top of the page.


- page 38 -

ORGANIZATION
SAFOI-3c (DOD)

SAFLL (DOD)

Northwestern University
(Evanston, Illinois)

FTD (WPAFB, Ohio)
TID-8

NAME
Major William Coleman

Lt Col Boland

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
(Project Consultant)

Major Robert J. Friend

TELEPHONE
73002

73376

UN 4-1900
Ext. 285

69216


- page 39 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank white document page with two hole punches at the top and a small black square/rectangle on the right side of the page.


- page 40 -

1. To assist in the investigation and analysis of UFO sightings,FID has at it's disposal facilities and personnel at all military installations. The facilities of the ASD has extensively been used for material and photographic analysis.

2. Liaison with private individuals, such as Dr Whipple, is continually maintained.

3. In cases where it is determined that FID should conduct an investigation of a UFO sighting, a T-33 aircraft can be used for a period of 3 days. Major Friena is a rated pilot of this aircraft.

4. TD-E maintains an advisory panel consisting of a psychologist from ASD, Chaplain, the Project consultant Dr Hynek, four officers assigned the additional duty of UFO investigator, and the Project Monitor.


- page 41 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank white document page with two hole punches at the top and a small "A" label on the right side edge.


- page 42 -

JANAP 146(D)

CANADIAN - UNITED STATES
COMMUNICATIONS INSTRUCTIONS
FOR REPORTING VITAL
INTELLIGENCE SIGHTINGS
(CIRVIS / MERINT )

JANAP 146 (D)

THE JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF
MILITARY COMMUNICATIONS - ELECTRONICS BOARD
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.
February 1959

ORIGINAL
(Reverse Blank)


- page 43 -

JANAP 146(D)
MILITARY COMMUNICATIONS-ELECTRONICS BOARD
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.
1 February 1959

LETTER OF PROMULGATION TO:
The Department of the Army
The Department of the Navy
The Department of the Air Force

Subject: JANAP 146(D)

1. JANAP 146(D), CANADIAN-UNITED STATES COMMUNICATIONS INSTRUCTIONS FOR REPORTING VITAL INTELLIGENCE SIGHTINGS, is an unclassified non-registered publication, prepared by the US Military, Communications-Electronics Board in conjunction with the Canadian JCEC(W), for Joint and Canadian use.

2. JANAP 146(D) supersedes JANAP 146(C), and is effective upon receipt for the U.S. JANAF 146(D) will become effective for the Canadian Forces when directed by the appropriate implementing agency.

3. This publication contains military information and is for official use only.

4. Copies and extracts may be made from this publication in the preparation of official publications.

5. Comments and recommendations concerning this publication should not be addressed to the Military Communications-Electronics Board, but to one of the following, as appropriate:
a. Chief Signal Officer, U.S. Army,
b. Chief of Naval Operations (CNO), U.S. Navy:
c. Director of Communications-Electronics, U.S. Air Force.

FOR THE CHAIRMAN, MILITARY COMMUNICATIONS-ELECTRONICS BOARD:

[Signature] JOSEPH BUSH
Colonel, USAF

[Signature] E. H. FARRELL
Commander, USN
Secretaries

III                                     ORIGINAL
                                    (Reverse Blank)


- page 44 -

JANAP 146(D)

LIST OF EFFECTIVE PAGES

Subject Matter                                Page Numbers                Change in
                                                                         Effect

Title Page                                    I (Reverse Blank)          Original
Letter of Promulgation to
JANAP 146(D) dated 1 February 1959           III (Reverse Blank)        Original
List of Effective Pages                       V (Reverse Blank)          Original
Record of Changes                             VII (Reverse Blank)        Original
Table of Contents                             IX , X                     Original
Text
    Chapter 1                                 1-1 (Reverse Blank)        Original
    Chapter 2                                 2-1 to 2-9 (Reverse        Original
                                               Blank)
    Chapter 3                                 3-1 to 3-8                 Original

ORIGINAL
(Reverse Blank)


- page 45 -

RECORD OF CHANGES

JANAP 146(D)

Columns:
1. Identification of Change or Correction and date of same
2. Date Entered
3. By whom entered (Signature, rank, grade or rate; name of command)

The table is blank with empty rows.

Bottom of page notes:
VII

ORIGINAL
(Reverse Blank)


- page 46 -

