PROJECT 1007 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 2 Oct 61

2. LOCATION: Salt Lake City, Utah

3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1215

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual, Air-Visual

5. GMT: 021025

6. PHOTOS: No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one

9. COURSE: Varied

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Sun at time and date of incident coincident with that reported for UFO approx 20° above horizon while above clouds. Time of sighting. This would put obj at approx 4° below sun. It is noted that weather conditions at time of sighting indicate high cirrus clouds. Cirrus clouds are associated with low ceilings, from a 2° to 12° and sometimes 45° F rise.

All indications in this case are directed toward obj being a sun dog.

It is significant that witnesses on ground thought to be stationary while airborne witnesses indicate motion-probably his own. There is no available evidence which would indicate that obj of sighting was not a sun dog.

(TAPE IN SPECIMEN FILE)

Source: Civilian

Conclusions:
- Was Balloon: Probably
- Was Aircraft: Probably
- Was Astronomical: Possibly
- Other: Sun Dog


- page 1 -

INTELLIGENCE REPORT
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE

WARNING: This material contains
information affecting the National
Defense of the United States within
the meaning of the Espionage Laws.

UNCLASSIFIED
Title 18, USC, Secs 793 and 794,
the transmission or revelation of
which in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law.

COUNTRY: United States of America

REPORT NO: TR-1-61

SUBJECT: (U) UFO

DATE OF REPORT: 9 October 1961

DATE OF
INFO:

2 Oct 61

REFERENCES: AFR 200-2/Complete

PLACE & 
DATE LOC:

Utah Central Airport
Salt Lake City, Utah

NO OF PAGES: 12

EVALUATION: B-2
SOURCE:
SUMMARY:

Sources below named

FROM: Sec & Law Enforce Div, HILL AFB
PREPARED BY: Douglas M. Crouch

At 1962 hours on 2 October 1961 a report of a UFO sighting was received from
civilian sources at the Utah Valley Airport, Salt Lake City, Utah, via Flight
Operations Division, Hill AFB, Utah, and the Salt Lake City Utah Air National Guard
Control Tower. Six of the eight persons who recorded seeing the object were
available and were interviewed at the Central Valley Airport and the recorded
statements obtained. All six of the persons agreed that the object had no similarity
to manned aircraft, either in confirmation, speed, or maneuverability. The sixth
person attempted to make an interception of the object and stated he flew within three
to five miles of the object before it rose rapidly, started off in an upward southerly
direction, paused and then descended to the west. It was observed in excess of
1,000 miles per hour. Federal Aeronautics and Utah Air National Guard personnel at the
Salt Lake Municipal Airport were contacted and reported the radar contacts had been
made with the object. Wind velocities at various altitudes in the area disclosed the
possibility that the object could have been a weather balloon moved rapidly at times by
the wind, and no balloons released during that period locally had been assumed such a
direction or path. No unusual meteorological or astronomical conditions were present
which might account for the sighting. Visibility was 40 miles with ceiling unlimited
at the time the civilian pilot of the intercept plane reported to approached within
three to five miles of the object and was within 1,000 feet of it's altitude. A
telegraphic report of this sighting was made to the Command Post Duty Officer, Air Force
Logistics Command, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, at 2134 hours 25 (0434 2n), who advised
that the taped statements of observers and a taped report of investigation be forwarded.

DISTRIBUTION BY ORIGINATOR: PTD-2 3 cys.
w/1 Attachments: Tape recording of statements
of observers.

DISTRIBUTION BY HQ USAF
CIA

ARMY    NAVY
MSA

INTELLIGENCE REPORT

This format is used in lieu of AF Form 112 which is not available.


- page 2 -

UNCLASSIFIED
REPORT NO: TR-1-61
PAGE 2 OF 12 PAGES
FROM: Sec & Law Enforcement
Div, Hill AFB, Utah

to FTD-B via Air Mail. As of the date of report it is believed that all logical leads
have been exhausted in an effort to identify the object.

1. At 1916Z hours on 2 October 1961 the Flight Operations Division, Hill AFB, relayed
a report from the Salt Lake City Utah National Guard Control Tower that approximately
eight civilians at the Utah Central Airport (AO 38N, 111 58W), 3200 West 21st South,
Salt Lake City, Utah, had observed an unidentified object in the sky which reportedly
moved above the Provo, Utah, OMIT (AO 15N, 111 55W), located twenty-three miles south
of the Utah Central Airport, and that one of the observers had attempted an air intercept
of the object and had approached within three to five miles of the object before it
moved off and disappeared.

2. At approximately 1910Z the Salt Lake City Air Traffic Control Center reported a
transient F-100 aircraft to be on a heading to make a search. At
1942Z the aircraft landed at Hill AFB and reported no contact with the item.

3. At 2200Z on 2 October 1961 Mr [illegible] Utah, Aircraft
Attendant at the [illegible] was interviewed at that location, with a tape
recording being made of the interview. The following information and answers received
to questions is prefaced by the paragraph number of items of information requested in
paragraph 15, AFR 200-2, dated 14 September 1959.

15a(1) Shape - At distance he observed object he could not determine shape.

15a(2) Size - Couldn't compare size to any known object, but stated it must
have been large and couldn't have been an aircraft because you couldn't see an
aircraft at approximately right angles, and this object was at least thirty miles
away, approximately over the Provo OMIT.

15a(3) Color - A distinct silver color.

15a(4) Number - One

15a(5) Formation - None

15a(6) Discernible features - None

15a(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust - Could see none. It was suspended there and not
even moving.

15a(8) Sound - No sound heard.

15a(9) Pertinent features - None observed.

UNCLASSIFIED
This format is used in lieu of AF Form 112a which is not available.


- page 3 -

UNCLASSIFIED                                REPORT NO: TR-1-61
                                                      PAGE 3 OF 12 PAGES
                                                      FROM:   Sec & Law Enforcement
                                                              Div, Hill AFB, Utah

15p(1)  What called attention to object - Report on object over UNICOM from pilot
who was attempting to intercept object.

15p(2)  Angle, elevation, azimuth - Estimated 2,500 feet above the ground (Altitude
at Utah Central Airport is 4240 feet), at an azimuth of 180 degrees.

15p(3)  Angle, elevation and azimuth at time of disappearance - Slightly higher
than 2,500 feet above the ground at the same azimuth.

15p(4)  Flight path and maneuvers - Did not see it move, but would see it in one
place then it would disappear and reappear in another place away from where it had first
been seen.

15p(5)  How did object disappear - Object faded out in the same location.

15p(6)  How long object visible - For approximately fifteen minutes.

15c(1)  Manner of observation - Naked eye.

15c(2)  Optical aids - None.

15c(2)  Airborne sighting - N/A

15a(1)  Zulu time, date group - 19002, 2 October 1961.

15a(2)  Light conditions - Daytime

15a     Location of observer - Front of office of Utah Central Airport (40 38N,
111 58W), 3200 West 21st South, Salt Lake City, Utah.

15F     Information on observer - From observation and interview WOODS appears
to be a mature and stable person, and this opinion is shared by his employers. WOODS
holds a private pilot license with fifty-five hours flying time. He has worked around
aircraft for approximately eight years.

15p(1)  Weather and winds - [Partially illegible] stated the weather was clear with no cloud cover,
and there was very little surface winds.

4.      At 2255 on 2 October 1961, [partially illegible] Industrial Banker, was interviewed at the Utah Central Airport, with the interview
recorded on tape. The following information and answers to questions was obtained:

15a(1)  Shape - Had an oval shape when sun was shining on object. When it
disappeared to those watching with binoculars, it looked to him like a dark and
more or less clear shaped. That the oval shape was like a football.

UNCLASSIFIED

This format is used in lieu of AF Form 112a which is not available.


- page 4 -

UNCLASSIFIED
REPORT NO: TR-1-61
PAGE 4 OF 12 PAGES
FROM: Dec & Law Enforcement
Div, Hill AFB, Utah

15a(2) Size - At the distance he compared the object with the size of a baseball (hardball).

15a(3) Color - It was dark, and when the sun was shining on it, it reflected silver or aluminum. It did not have a shimmering effect like it was vibrating, and the edges were clear.

15a(4) Number - One

15a(5) N/A

15a(6) Features or details - No protruding wings or tail section that he could see.

15a(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust - None that he could see.

15a(8) Sound - None

15a(9) Pertinent features - None.

15b(1) What called attention to object - The pilot of the intercept plane reporting the object from the air.

15b(2) Angle, elevation, azimuth - Could not estimate any of those.

15b(3) Angle, elevation, and azimuth at time of disappearance - Was not watching object at the time it disappeared.

15b(4) Flight path and maneuvers - Did not observe any flight path at the time he was watching with binoculars. Object was stationary and appeared to hang suspended all the time.

15b(5) How did object disappear - Was not watching at the time object disappeared.

15b(6) How long object visible - Somewhere between ten and fifteen minutes.

15c(1) Manner of observation - Naked eye and binoculars.

15c(2) Optical aids - Binoculars.

15c(3) Airborne sighting - N/A

15d(1) Zulu time, date group - Time unknown, 2 October 1961.

15d(2) Light conditions - Daytime.

UNCLASSIFIED

This format is used in lieu of AF Form 112a which is not available.


- page 5 -

UNCLASSIFIED

REPORT NO: TR-1-61
PAGE 5 OF 12 PAGES
FROM: Sec & Law Enforcement
Div, Hill AFB, Utah

15p Location of observer - Front of office of Utah Central Airport (40 38'N,
111 58'W), 3200 West 21st South, Salt Lake City, Utah.

15p appeared to be a mature person in his early fifties and was consistent
in his answers with regard to the above questions. Although he has no pilots license or
connection with aviation, C3PO has considerable flying time as a passenger in private
and commercial aircraft.

15p(1) stated the weather was bright and clear with no clouds, and that there
was very little wind.

5. At approximately 2245 on 2 October 1961 Mr. Aircraft salesman, was interviewed at the Utah Central Airport, with
the resulting information recorded on tape. stated substantially as follows:

15p(1) Shape - Couldn't determine any definite shape when observing the object with
naked eye.

15p(2) Size - Could not estimate size.

15p(3) Color - With the sun shining on it, it looked silver. It looked like a
solid color, with no shimmer like it was vibrating.

15p(4) Number - One

15p(5) Formation - N/A

15p(6) Features or details - None from his observation.

15p(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust - None that he observed.

15p(8) Sound - None

15p(9) Pertinent features - None observed

15p(1) What called attention to object - The radio report from the civilian pilot
who first sighted the object.

15p(2) Angle, elevation, azimuth - Appear to be between three and five thousand
feet elevation when first sighted, and about thirty miles out. Due south of the Utah
Central Airport. West of PROVO OMNI.

15p(3) Angle, elevation, and azimuth at time of disappearance - Was talking on the
UCOM and did not watch the object disappear.

This format is used in lieu of AF Form 112a which is not available.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 6 -

UNCLASSIFIED

REPORT NO: TR-1-61
PAGE 6 OF 12 PAGES
FROM: Sec & Law Enforcement
Div, Hill AFB, Utah

15b(4) Flight path and maneuvers - I saw it in one position low on the horizon, and the second time it was to the right and higher, maybe eight to ten thousand feet variation. It was approximately five minutes between the two sightings.

15b(5) How did object disappear - Was not watching at time the object disappeared as he was talking on UNCOM.

15b(6) How long object visible - About five to seven minutes.

15c(1) Naked eye.

15c(2) Optical aids - None.

15c(3) Airborne sighting - N/A

15d(1) Zulu time, date group - Did not note time on 2 October 1961.

15d(2) Light conditions - Daytime.

15e In office of Utah Central Airport (40 38N, 111 58W), 3200 West 21st South, Salt Lake City, Utah.

15f Information on observer - Appeared to be a mature individual in his early forties, and was very consistent in his statements. "He holds a private pilot's license with approximately six hundred hours flying time. He firmly believed that what he saw was a tangible object.

15g(1) Weather and winds - Clear with very little surface wind.

6. At approximately 2325Z hours on 2 October 1961 of Salt Lake City, Utah, the interview recorded. was interviewed at that location, with the interviewer recorded. have the following answers and information:

15g(1) Shape - Could not determine a definite shape.

15g(2) Size - Compared size of object with a basketball at that distance.

15g(3) Color - Without the light shining on it, it appeared to be gray, and the shiny part would be a bright brilliant flame color.

15g(4) Number - One

15g(5) Formation - N/A

UNCLASSIFIED
This format is used in lieu of AF Form 112a which is not available.


- page 7 -

UNCLASSIFIED

REPORT NO: IR-1-61
PAGE 7 OF 12 PAGES
FROM: Sec & Law Enforcement
Div, Hill AFB, Utah

15a(6) Features or details - None observed.

15a(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust - None observed.

15a(8) Sound - None heard.

15a(9) Pertinent features - None

15b(1) What called attention to object - Radio report from the civilian pilot first observing object.

15b(2) Angle, elevation, azimuth - Altitude at lower point was about 15,000 feet and it extended on up to about 20,000 feet, at different times after it had moved up. The distance away was about fifteen to twenty miles.

15b(3) Angle, elevation, azimuth at time of disappearance - Climbed at an upward angle from approximately 20,000 feet altitude and disappeared to the west.

15b(4) Flight path and maneuvers - It was climbing and changing altitude. It seemed to be to the east for some time and hover in one position, then the last he remembered it was going west, climbing and going west. Some of the maneuvers were at rapid speed, and some were slow. At one time it climbed quite fast, with abrupt changes of direction.

15b(5) How did object disappear - Faded away rapidly to the west.

15b(6) How long object visible - Close to fifteen minutes.

15b(7) Manner of observation - Binoculars and naked eye.

15b(8) Optical aids - Binoculars.

15b(9) Airborne sighting - N/A

15d(1) Zulu time and date group - Right close to 1900Z hours on 2 October 1961.

15d(2) Light conditions - Daytime.

15e From: Front of office of Utah Central Airport (40 38N, 111 58W), 3200 West 21st South, Salt Lake City, Utah.

15f Information on observer - Appears to be a logical, mature person in his early fifties, and has been a private pilot for approximately twenty years, with approximately 2,000 hours flying time. His report of the sighting was very coherent.

This Format is used in lieu of AF Form 112a which is not available.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 8 -

UNCLASSIFIED
REPORT NO: TR-1-61
PAGE 8 OF 12 PAGES
FROM: Sec & Law Enforcement
Div, Hill AFB, Utah

15g(1) Weather and winds - Clear in every quadrant, with little surface wind.

7. At 2355Z on 2 October 1961 in Salt Lake City, Utah, information was interviewed at the Utah Central Airport and gave the following:

15a(1) Shape - Appeared to be a metal object, but he could give no description of the shape.

15a(2) Size - Through the binoculars it appeared to be about the size of a dinner plate.

15a(3) Color - Appeared to be silver in color and was flickering to a certain extent, probably due to the reflection of the sun.

15a(4) Number - One

15a(5) Formation - N/A

15a(6) Features or details - Not that he could see.

15a(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust - Could see none.

15a(8) Sound - None

15a(9) Pertinent features - None observed.

15b(1) Was called attention to object - Radio report from civilian pilot who first sighted object.

15b(2) Angle, elevation, azimuth - Approximately two to four thousand feet above the ground (plus 1240 elevation at area of sighting). Approximately over the Provo OMNI, 30 miles south of the airport on a 180 degree heading.

15b(3) Angle, elevation, and azimuth at time of disappearance - Raised upward slightly and disappeared.

15b(4) Flight path and maneuvers - Noticed a flight path of straight up and also to the west. Flight upward was at a rapid speed, the flight to the west was fairly slow. No abrupt change in flight.

15b(5) How did object disappear - Just blotted out. Raised altitude, but the last he saw was just a blotting out of the object, to the west.

15b(6) How long object visible - Approximately five minutes.

UNCLASSIFIED

This format is used in lieu of AF Form 112a which is not available.


- page 9 -

UNCLASSIFIED
REPORT NO: TR-1-61
PAGE 9 OF 12 PAGES
FROM: Sec & Law Enforcement
Div, Hill AFB, Utah

15c(1) Manner of Observation - Binoculars and naked eye.
15c(2) Optical Aids - Binoculars.
15c(3) Airborne sighting - N/A
15d(1) Zulu time and date group - Unknown on 2 October 1961
15d(2) Light conditions - Daytime.

15e Location of Observer - Front of Office of Utah Central Airport (40 38N, 
111 55W), 3200 West, 21st South, Salt Lake City, Utah.

15f Information on observer - [redacted] appears to be a mature, reliable person in 
his early thirties, and has been working around airports for some time. He has a student 
pilot's license, with fifty-five flying hours, and appeared very proficient in the 
identification of conventional type aircraft.

15f(1) Weather and winds - [redacted] stated the sky was clear, with very little 
surface wind.

3. At approximately 0945 on 3 October 1961 ***, Salt Lake City, Utah, Real Estate Broker, was interviewed and gave the following information:

15a(1) Shape - Appeared to be circular or elliptical in shape. When it rocked up it 
appeared to be a perfect circle. Disked shaped rather than full circular like a balloon, 
like a saucer.

15a(2) Size - Between thirty-five and fifty feet, half again as large as the wing 
span on the "Mooney" (Mark 20A), and about four feet thick. Maybe a little thicker in 
the center.

15a(3) Color - Gray (light) when there was no sun reflected on it, and when the 
sun reflected in it, it was bright like a mirror.

15a(4) Number - One
15a(5) Formation - N/A

15a(6) Features or details - There was no wing surface, tail surface, or any 
protruding points from the smooth surface. No ports or exhausts, or windows visible.

15a(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust - None, and he reported watching closely for exhaust 
trails when the object moved off.

UNCLASSIFIED
This format is used in lieu of AF Form 112a which is not available.


- page 10 -

UNCLASSIFIED
REPORT NO: TR-1-61
PAGE 10 OF 12 PAGES
FROM: Sec & Law Enforcement
Div, Hill AFB, Utah

15a(8) Sound - None above the noise of his engine.

15a(9) Pertinent features - None observed in addition to 15a(6) above.

15b(1) Was called attention to object - First saw it when he was making take-off run at Utah Central Airport.

15b(2) Angle, elevation, azimuth - Object first sighted directly south of Utah Central Airport on a 180 degree heading. At closest point object was due south of him and at approximately a ten degree angle above him when he was within three to five miles of the object. His altitude was 6,000 feet and he estimated the altitude of the object at between 6,500 and 7,000 feet.

15b(3) Angle, elevation and azimuth at time of disappearance - After maneuvering the object climbed to the west on a 245 or 250 degree heading at a twenty degree upward angle and disappeared out of sight in a second or two.

15b(4) Flight path and maneuvers - When he got within three to five miles of the object he observed the object standing still in the sky with a little rocking motion. There would be times it would rock so the sun would shine on it, then it would rock down flat so that it looked almost straight like a pencil. When it began to move it went straight up like an elevator for a little then moved off toward the south, still climbing. At a fairly steep angle, possibly a thirty degree angle, and then stopped and seemed to stand still, in the neighborhood of the Utah Lake (Provo) OKNI, or almost directly over the OKNI. Stayed in that position for a minute and then made a turn toward the west on a 245 or 250 degree heading and still climbing, possibly a twenty degree angle, disappeared out of sight in a second or two.

15b(5) How did object disappear - Climbed toward the west on a 245 or 250 degrees heading and climbing on a twenty degree angle, disappeared out of sight in a second or two. Estimated speed at time of disappearance in the thousands of miles per hour. Acceleration was extremely fast. Faded out of sight.

15b(6) How long object visible - Five to seven minutes.

15c(1) Manner of observation - Naked eye.

15c(2) Optical aids - None.

15c(3) Airborne sighting - Flying a Mooney Mark 22a, Serial Number 8393E, at an altitude of 6,000 feet on a heading of 180 degrees at an indicated air speed of 140 miles per hour. The aircraft is based at Utah Central Airport.

15d(1) Approximately 19002, 2 October 1961.

15d(2) Light conditions - Daytime.

15e Location of observer - Flying at 6,000 feet altitude on a 180 degree heading toward the object. Reportedly flying within three to five miles of object.

This form is used in lieu of AF Form 112A which is not available.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 11 -

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET

Location SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH
Date (local) 28 OCT 1961    Hour (Local) 1215
Hour (Z Time Group) 2/1916

Satellite: (Det 5 ATIC, Ext 3279)

Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc.) /

Radar Analysis (AFCIN-MEL) "/o

Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc) - POSSIBLY SUN DOG.

Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc /

Other

Evaluation of Source Reliability: POOR GOOD

Analysis and Conclusions: THE SUN AT THE TIME AND DIRECTION COINCIDENT WITH THAT REPORTED FOR THE UFO. THE UFO WAS REPORTED TO BE AT AN ELEVATION OF APPROXIMATELY 22° ABOVE THE HORIZON WHERE THE ABSOLUTE ELEVATION OF THE SUN FROM THE SKY AREA WAS 16°87'92" AT THE TIME OF THE SIGHTING. THUS WOULD OUT THE OBJECT AT APPROXIMATELY 29° BELOW THE SUN. (FOR NOTED THAT PRE-WARMING CONDITIONS AT THE TIME


- page 12 -

UNCLASSIFIED

REPORT NO: TR-1-61
PAGE 11 OF 12 PAGES
FROM: Sec & Lav Enforcement
Div, Hill AFB, Utah

before it moved off. Stated object was almost directly over Provo OMNI (40 15N
111 15W).

15f(1) Information on observer - [partially illegible text] appeared to be an emotionally stable person
in his late forties and owns a consistent and coherent account of his sighting. He
holds a private pilot's license and has approximately six hundred hours flying time.
Reliability of the aircraft described as reliable and very truthful.

15f(2) Weather and winds - Stated the weather was clear on all quadrants, with
no cloud cover. Could not determine wind conditions while flying.

9. Following is the balance of information forwarded in compliance with AFR 200-2,
dated 14 September 1959:

15f(2) Weather and winds - The US Weather Bureau at the Salt Lake City Airport
reported conditions at 19002 as 11 knot surface winds from 70, 5 knot wind at 12 degrees
at 6,000 feet, 10 knot winds from 33 degrees at 10,000 feet, 20 knot wind from 360
degrees at 16,000 feet, and 20 knot wind from 350 degrees at 20,000 feet. No information
available above 20,000 feet.

15f(3) Ceiling - Weather bureau reported ceiling clear.

15f(4) Visibility - Reported 40 miles.

15f(5) Cloud cover - None.

15f(6) Thunderstorms - None reported by Weather Bureau.

15f(7) Temperature Gradient - 61 degrees F, Dew Point 21 Degrees F.

15h Unusual activity or condition - None.

Interception or identification - One of the observers interviewed
reported attempting an intercept and approaching within three to five miles of
the object before it rose suddenly, sloped toward to the south, and hovered before
disappearing rapidly to the west. Salt Lake Air Traffic Control diverted a transient
military flight after the aircraft to the location of the sighting approximately ten
minutes after the report of sighting. Air Search was conducted with negative results.

Air traffic and balloon releases - Two balloon releases were reported
from the Salt Lake Airport at 17002 with the winds at 2 knots from the SP, and at
22002 with winds from the SP. Prevailing winds at release time would not have
Carried the balloons into the area of the sighting. Salt Lake Air Traffic Control
then ascertained no air traffic in this area in a direction which would account for
the sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED

This format is used in lieu of AF Form 112a which is not available.

29


- page 13 -

UNCLASSIFIED

REPORT NO: IR-1-61
PAGE 12 OF 12 PAGES
FROM: Sec & Law Enforcement
Div, Hill AFB, Utah

15x The preparing officer is a Security Specialist, GS-9, Security and Law Enforcement Division, Hill AFB, Utah. Preliminary analysis indicates that each of the six observers interviewed were local, mature persons, five of whom had some connection with aviation, and that each person was convinced that he had observed some tangible object not identifiable as a balloon or conventional type aircraft.

The observer who attempted the interception and reported closing within three to five miles of the object and within one thousand feet of its altitude gave a definite and coherent description of the size and shape of the reported object, and empirical and consistently described the maneuvers and flight path of the object.

No leads or clues were developed which would lead to the identity of the object or explain its sighting. The hypothesis that the object was a weather balloon launched from some other perennial local was explored and discarded on the basis of the description of size and shape by most of the observers and their account of the upward flight and reported speed of the object. No winds aloft were present at the time of sighting with sufficient velocity to account for the reported speed, and there was no terrain detail of consequence in the area which would cause a balloon to rise in the manner generally described. The theory that the object was a manned aircraft was abandoned for the same reasons and the reports that the object seemed to hover or was suspended for considerable periods of time without movement. The complete absence of cloud cover in the area precludes the possibility that the sighting was due to the projection on clouds of an image on the ground. No unusual meteorological or astronomical conditions were present which would furnish an explanation for the sighting, specifically such as would signify or agree that the object was below 9,000 feet altitude. There are no known manifesters or operators of experimental type aircraft in this area, and no missile or test firing are recorded in the area other than static tests. With the completion of this initial investigation, it is believed that a local effort to explain the sighting and identify the object have been exhausted.

DOUGLAS W. COUCH
Security Specialist, GS-9
Internal Security Branch

APPROVED:

CHARLES W. BRION
Major, USAF
Chief, Security & Law
Enforcement Division

1 Atch
Tape recording of interviews
of observers

UNCLASSIFIED

This form is used in lieu of AF Form 112 which is not available.


- page 14 -

Now with regard to this investigation on Unidentified Flying Objects; would you give your name please?

And what was your address?

And your occupation?
I work here at the airport.

Is that a mechanic?
No, just taking care of the aircraft.

Do you have a pilot's license?
Yes, I do.

About how many hours flying time do you have?
About 55.

With regard to this object, about how long did you watch it?
I would say that before it went out of sight, about 15 minutes.

Would you describe the shape?
It was too far away to see the shape. I could see it glisten. It was silver in color. It would go out of sight and then it would come back and the sun would shine on it again and we would see it for 2 or 3 minutes and then it would go out of sight again.

Then you couldn't compare the size to any known object?
No, I couldn't compare the size, but as far away as it looked it must have been a full big because it couldn't have been any large aircraft because you can only see as you know a regular aircraft, a large aircraft, approximately 5 miles. And this was at least 30. I would say that it was approximately over Provo Omni in the mountain range.

You say approximately 30 miles?
I would say approximately 30 miles.

And you wouldn't have any idea as to color?
All I could see was that it was silver. I didn't look through the binoculars, but I could see it very distinctly.


- page 15 -

And were there any features you get from manned aircraft such as vapor trail or
anything?
Nothing whatsoever. It was suspended there. It wasn't even moving.
And you didn't hear any sound during this time?
No sound; the only thing that I actually heard was the pilot talking to us on the
Unicom that he had it in sight and he was trying to follow it trying to get close
to it.
Could you estimate the angle or elevation? Altitude?
At that distance I would estimate, just guessing, I would say 2500 ft above the
ground, just guessing, that is quite a distance.
2500 ft altitude?
Yes, above the ground.
Is that 2500 or 25,000?
2500. And at times it was lower than that and at times it was a little bit higher
than that. It didn't stay in the same place. It seemed to go out of sight and
then it would come back and it would be in a different place all together.
What direction would that be from the office here?
Due South.
With regard to flight path, did you see it move at any time?
I did not see it move. If it would have been moving, it would have been moving
away from us. But like I say, we would see it in one place and then it seemed
like it would go out of sight and then the same point it and we could see it
for 2 or 3 minutes and it would be in an all together different place. It would
be away from where it had been in the first place.
But at the time you were viewing it you couldn't determine any direction of travel?
No, not unless it was going away from us.
How long did you watch this?
About 15 minutes. Did you watch it until it disappeared?
15 minutes. Did you watch it until it disappeared?
Yes, I did.
Did it travel at that time or did it just fade out?
It just faded out.


- page 16 -

At this time you weren't using binoculars?

No, I did not use binoculars. I didn't look through them at all. I was just using the naked eye.

OK sir, I think that will be all.

Would you give me your name and address, Sir?

My name is [redacted]

May we have your address in [redacted]

And what is your occupation, Sir?

I'm an industrial banker.

And do you have a private license?

No, I do not have a license.

You don't have any flying time?

I have no flying time but I fly a good deal in private planes with rentals and sometimes hire a pilot such as this trip I'm on now. I do have a lot of time in the air as a passenger.

When you observed the object was that from the office here?

Yes.

And could you describe the shape?

Well, it's a little hard to describe. I did watch it for a few minutes through binoculars. And it appeared that at times the sun would shine on it and at that time it had an oval shape and then it would-I watched it first without binoculars and I could see it-as I first looked like the sun was reflecting on it and it was hard to determine any shape at all without the binoculars but when I watched it with binoculars it seemed to have an oval shape when the sun was shining and then as it disappeared to those people who were watching without binoculars it looked to me like a dark and more or less cigar shaped.

At the time when it looked like an oval would that have been a full oval or a disc shape?

That would be what I would call an oval like a football.

Can you compare this with any known object? Such as a football or something like that?

It was shaped like a football when the sun shone on it and I saw it one time when


- page 17 -

the sun was not shining on it and it looked dark and it was cigar shaped.

With regard to the size of the object what would you compare that to at that distance?

I'd have no-oh, you mean at that distance? I see what you mean. Oh, I would say, oh what would I compare it with? The size of a baseball.

And with regard to color, you said when the sun was out it was rather dark.

It was just dark, yes. And when the sun was shining on it, it looked like it reflected silver or aluminum.

When the sun was on it,did it have a shimmering effect like it was vibrating?

No, it didn't, it was--edges were clear.

It was a steady color then?

Yes.

Did you notice any distinguishing features like you see on manned aircraft with an exhaust or vapor trail?

No. None.

Did it have any protruding points like a tail section or wing?

Not that I could see.

At that time there was no sound?

No sound.

What would you estimate the distance as?

I'd have no idea. I'm not familiar with the country. I did hear the pilot that was in the plane talking and he said it was approximately over the Provo Canal and I didn't have any idea where the Provo Canal is and I'd have no estimate as to distance.

Could you estimate the altitude or the angle from the ground?

No, I couldn't.

During the time that you watched it, was there any specific flight pattern? Does it move in any direction?

While I was watching it through the binoculars it was just suspended in the air. There was no movement up, down, or sideways. It seemed to remain stationary.

You think at this time the disc was rotating?


- page 18 -

I couldn't say.
But it was stationary?
It was stationary.

Were you watching it at the time when it disappeared?
No, I wasn't. I had a little business with a gentleman here and I left before it disappeared. The others were still out watching it when I came back to the office.

About how long did you watch it?
I would estimate somewhere between 10 and 15 minutes.

You have any idea what time that was?
No, I don't.

OK sir, and thanks very much.

Would you state your name and address?
[Redacted], Nebraska.

What is your occupation?
I worked for [Redacted] (?) up until a week ago and now I'm selling aircraft and insurance.

What type of license do you have as a pilot?
Private Pilot's license.

And about how many hours flying time?
600 hours.

With regard to this flying object report, would you describe the shape of this object as you saw it?
Well, actually the shape to me--I got the description from a guy in a Moony Mark 20. He said it was pencil shaped and to me it seemed like it - I never did view it through binoculars. I viewed it with the naked eye and with the sun shining on it couldn't tell its shape really.

Then all the time you were watching it you were--
I was on the phone--I called the Air National Guard and got hold of a Mr. Jones I believe and then I was talking on the Unicom to the pilot of this Moony Mark 20 that we flew in here 2 days ago.


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

6

Then as far as the actual observation, you couldn't determine a distinct shape?
Not myself. Now I took the shape from what the pilot was talking to me about over the Unicom.

From your own observation, could you determine any color?
Well, with the sun shining on it, it looked silver. The pilot described it from the air as being very reflective and having a dull gray color. And accelerating rapidly to the right after he pulled up to within 3-5 miles of it.

From your own observation, this silver color--Was it shimmering as it were going back and forth, or was it solid silver?
It looked solid to me. He said it seemed to tilt. And I think maybe the sun shining on it, if it was very high reflective, it would--I looked solid color to me. It didn't seem to be shimmering any.

From your observation, was there any features such as you would find on manned aircraft such as a vapor trail?
No, from my observation there wasn't and from what he said there was no exhaust. There was no tail section; there was no wing. It was pencil shaped, according to his--

What would you say the angle or altitude would be?
Well, I would say that it was--the first time we sighted it, I would say that it was right at between 3 and 5,000--I mean it would be hard to say at that distance because it seemed to be about 30 miles out over this---west of this---Omni down here--what is it--Provo Cmrl. It was west of that. Now when he pulled up to within 3-5 miles of it was at 6000 I believe--I mean he'll verify that when he--

And you say it appeared to be about 30 miles away?
Right.

Which direction would that be?
South. I was looking out the window when I saw it, talking on the phone, and at the same time trying to talk on the Unicom to him.

And it would be due South of the Central Aviation?
Right.

With regard to the flight path of the object--did you see it move at any time?
I saw it in this one position; the first time it was low on the horizon and the second time it was to the right and higher. I'd say maybe 8-10,000 ft variation. I mean it's hard to say at that distance.

How much time would there have been between the two sightings?


- page 20 -

That's hard to say too. It shouldn't have been over 5 minutes though.

What would have been the total time that you observed this on the two occasions?

The total of the time--well actually these other people had it spotted with binoculars and I probably only saw it the first time for a minute or two and the second time for a minute or maybe more than that.

Were you watching it when it disappeared?

No, I wasn't. I was talking on the Unicom I believe.

About what time was this? Do you recall?

I don't know the time. I should know; I should have looked at my watch--but I didn't. You should be able to get it from one of these other--

With regard to weather, was there any cloud cover?

No, it was clear but it was slightly hazy. The mountains were in the haze but this was in my estimation, a very tangible object. I mean, I don't believe it was a weather balloon.

OK, I think that will do it. And thanks very much.

Would you give your name and address, sir?

My name is [redacted] Salt Lake City, Utah.

What is your occupation?

I'm an operator of [redacted]

And how long have you been in this business?

I've been in this business a couple of years at this location.

How long have you been a pilot?

Twenty years.

About how much flying time do you have?

Probably close to 2000 hours.

Did you notice any definite shape to this object?

No, I wasn't able to see a definite shape.

What did it appear to you like?

I could see the object with my naked eye--the glow of it and through the binoculars I could see that it was just a bright shiny object.


- page 21 -

Could you compare it in size to any known object? A baseball or a pea or anything?

Oh, I would say that it was much bigger than that. I would say it was up in 25ft in diameter or something like that.

I mean at the distance, what would you compare the size with?

Oh, a basketball, probably.

Could you determine any color?

The color without the light shining on it would appear to be a gray. The shiny part would be a flame color--a bright brilliant flame color.

Was there anything that you would associate with a manned aircraft such as a vapor trail, or an exhaust or a tail section or a wing section?

No, nothing that way.

Was there any sound at this time?

No.

What would you estimate the altitude and the distance to be?

I would estimate the altitude at the lower part of it to be around 15,000 ft and it extended on up to maybe 20,000.

That was a different time when it moved up?

Yes.

And could you estimate the distance?

My estimation of the distance from here would be 15-20 miles.

Could you describe the flight path or maneuvers?

During my observation it would be climbing, changing altitude, it seemed to go to the east for some time and hover in one position then the last I remember it was going west--climbing and going west.

Would these maneuvers be at a rapid speed?

Some of them. Some of them would be slow. I recall one time that it climbed quite fast.

And there would be abrupt changes of direction?

Yes.

And about how long did you observe this?


- page 22 -

OF THE SIGHTING, INDICATE NON-
CIRRUS CLOUDS. CIRRUS CLOUDS ARE
ASSOCIATED WITH ICE CRYSTALS.
SUN DOES INDICATE PRE-ASSOCIATED
WITH ICE CRYSTALS FROM 22 1/2° AND SOMETIMES AT CROWN
THE SUN. NON INDICATIONS IN
THIS CASE ARE DIRECTED TOWARD
THE OBJECT BEING A SUN PIC.
IT IS SIGNIFICANT THAT THE WITNESSES
ON THE GROUND OBSERVED THE
OBJECT TO BE STATIONARY WHILE
THESE THE AIRBORNE WITNESSES
INDICATE MOTION - PROBABLY ITS
OWN.

THERE IS NO AVAILABLE EVIDENCE
WHICH WOULD INDICATE THAT THE
OBJECT OF THIS SIGHTING WAS
NOT A SUN PIC.

[Signed with a signature]


- page 23 -

I would say we were watching this for close to 15 minutes.

Do you know what time this was?
This would be between--right close to 12:00.

And in regard to the weather, was there any cloud cover?
Perfectly clear--not a cloud in the sky.

OK sir I think that's very good.

Would you give me your name and address please?
[Redacted] and I live at [Redacted] Salt Lake City, Utah.

And what is your occupation?
[Redacted]

How long have you been in this business?
I have been employed [Redacted] for almost 2 years.

Do you have a pilot's license?
I have a student pilot's license.

And how much flying time do you have?
Approximately 50 hours.

In regard to this unidentified object, do you have any shape--Could you give any description of the shape of the object?
I can't give you any description or shape of the object other than the sun was reflecting off the object. It appeared to be a metal object. But I cannot--it was at such a distance that I cannot give you any description of shape.

How would you compare the size to any known object, for instance a pea or a baseball?
It was about the size of a dinner plate from where I was looking through the glasses.

Could you determine the color?
The only color I could determine was silver.

Was this a solid silver color or did it appear to be vibrating or flashing?
It appeared to be flickering to a certain extent. I guess it was due to the sun--the reflection off the sun.


- page 24 -

Here is the text from the document:

(10)

Did it have any features comparable to a manned aircraft such as exhaust or vapor trail or any wing or tail surface?
Not to my knowledge. Not that I could see. It did not.

Was there any sound at this time?
I could hear no sound.

Could you give me an idea of the altitude or the angle from the ground?
It looked like from where we saw it--it looked to me like it was approximately 2-4000 ft above the ground, the surface at Provo. The location that was given to us was approximately over Provo Canal and from this distance it looked approximately 4000 ft.

What is the--do you know what the elevation is here?
At this airport? The elevation at this airport is 4240 ft.

Then this would be around 8000 ft?
Approximately 8000 at sea level.

And what would you estimate the distance from here?
The distance from here was approximately 30 miles.

And what direction would that be from the office here?
It would be directly south.

Due south?
Due south.

As you watched this, was there any flight path from east to west, up or down?
I noticed a flight path. I was watching it for approximately 5 minutes through the glasses and I noticed a flight path of straight up. And also to the west.

Was this flight at a rapid speed?
The flight upward was at a rapid speed. The flight to the west was fairly slow.

Were there rapid changes in direction?
The flight up was very rapid; the change to the west was not too rapid.

It wasn't an abrupt change?
No.


- page 25 -

Here is the text from the document:

11

Did you watch this until it disappeared?
I watched it through the glasses for approximately 5 minutes and then went back to the hangar to work and watched it for another approximately 5 minutes until it disappeared. Yes.

How did it disappear? Did it appear to move off or was it just blotted out?
Well, more or less blotted out. It raised a slight amount from the time we started watching it out in the hangar--the altitude--it raised altitude. But the actual--the last part that I seen--it was just more or less a blotting out.

At the time of the sighting, was there any cloud cover whatsoever?
No cloud cover whatsoever.

It was clear?
It was clear.

I think that will about do it.

Would you give me your name and address?
My name is [redacted] I live at [redacted] Salt Lake City, Utah.

What is your occupation?
Real Estate broker.

What type of pilot's license do you have?
Single engine land.

And about how many hours do you have?
Approximately 600.

In regard to this unidentified object, when did you first sight it?
Just as I was making my takeoff run on Utah Central Airport.

From the best observation you had, could you describe the shape of this object?
Well, it appeared to be circular or elliptical in shape, and it seemed to rock up to one side, it looked to be a perfect circle. It was still about 3-5 miles away from me at the closest point, so I couldn't swear it was circular, but at least it was in that shape.

Would this be called circular or would it be a disc shaped?
Well, it was disc shaped, it wasn't like a balloon. It was more like a saucer. Thicker in the center and thinner toward the edges.


- page 26 -

Here is the text from the document:

12

What would you estimate the size to be?
Well, I would say somewhere between 35 and 50 ft. I would say it was about half again as wide as the wing span on the Moony.

What is the wing span on the Moony?
35 ft. It would be a good 50 ft across.

And how thick?
Well, I would guess about 4 ft. Maybe a little thicker than that in the center, but not much more than that.

In regard to the color, how would you describe that?
A gray, of course now I was looking toward the right part of the sky in the south and it was a light gray when there was no sun reflected, it was bright like a mirror.

Were there any, as compared to a manned aircraft, vapor trail, exhaust, etc?
Nothing that I could observe and I was looking closely for that because when it began to move I was wondering if there wouldn't be some kind of exhaust, fume, trail or something, but there seemed to be none that I could see.

Did this have any of the characteristics of a manned aircraft such as wing section or tail section?
No wing section or tail section or any protruding surface out of this smooth circular disc-shaped surface.

Were there any ports such as exhaust pipes?
Couldn't see any portholes of any kind, no windows, nothing, but again I was looking toward the light part of the sky and it's possible that were some that weren't visible.

Did you hear any sound at this time?
No, I was in the airplane and of course my own engine was making enough noise that I wouldn't have heard anything outside—not unless it was considerably louder than my own.

At the closest point, at what angle was the object from you?
I would say about a 10° above my level and straight ahead, 0° relative bearing.

You were flying south at the time?
I was flying on a 180° heading.

And that would be directly south?
[No text after this line]


- page 27 -

Right.

Do you recall what your altitude was at this time?
6000.

And what was the altitude of the object?
Between 6500 and 7000.

And at this time how close do you estimate you were?
I would guess between 3 and 5 miles.

During the complete observation, in regard to the flight path,--was it--did it travel from one side to the other--up or down?
Well, it was standing practically still in the sky. It seemed to be in a little rocking motion. There would be times when it would rock up so that the sun would reflect on it and there were other times when it would rock down flat to where it looked almost straight like a pencil. So I was looking at the side view of it.
It seemed to be a little wobbling motion while it was standing almost still.
When it began to move, it went straight up like an elevator for a little and then moved off toward the south, still climbing at a fairly steep angle, possibly a 30° angle, going up and then stopped again, or seemed to stand still, in the neighborhood of the Utah Lake Canal, almost directly over the position of the Utah Lake Omni as near as I could tell from where I was. It stayed in that position for possibly a minute, then made a turn toward the west on a heading I would imagine about 245° or 250° heading and still climbing on an angle a little less sharp--possibly a 20° angle and disappeared out of sight in a few seconds--a second or two.

At this time could you get an estimate of the speed, or was it too fast?
Way too fast. When it did decide to go, it really went; and it was clearly visible and disappeared going away from me in a period of a second or two at the very outside.

In relation to the speed of manned aircraft, say possibly 300 mph, would it be faster than that?
Oh, much faster. I would say probably up in the thousands. The acceleration was extremely fast. Almost like it was being fired by a rocket or something, except that there was no trail, no vapor, nothing visible in the way of our planes.

Was that the case both when it moved straight upward and then when it moved out of sight?
When it moved straight up it went much more slowly, and it seemed to move at a steady rate. It didn't seem to be accelerating greatly as it was moving straight up but as it began to move off on an angle it was moving quite rapidly. In fact I would say that it covered the area from the inside the point of the valley to


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

14

over the Utah Lake Caml in a matter of one or two seconds. It was moving rapidly and seemed to come to a stop quite suddenly and yet there didn't seem to be any jerkiness to it at all. It was a very smooth controlled maneuver. I would say it was controlled by something or some one -- I don't know.

When this object disappeared, which direction would that be?

It was going toward the west. I would say at about a 245 or 250 heading.

And did it disappear suddenly or just fade out of sight?

Just faded out. It didn't disappear suddenly. It just faded out. I kept my eye glued right on it, because it was--I mean I could see it was moving away at a great speed and I watched to see just how long it would take and it was just a second or two until it had faded completely. And it was getting smaller all the time, you could see it was moving away.

It was climbing all the time?

Yes, it was climbing. At a less sharp angle than it went at first. It was probably no more than a 20° angle and maybe even less than that.

What do you estimate the length of time it was under observation?

5-7 minutes.

Was that from the time you first sighted it or when you saw it within 5 miles?

Well, that was from the time I first sighted it. My eyes were on it practically all the time except for just a brief moment or two right after takeoff when I was raising the gear and checking the instruments inside the ship. When I first sighted it, I didn't think it was anything more than an airplane crossing. I saw some real activity on something up there and I made my takeoff run and when I got up to where I started to make my crosswind leg? I was planning on just coming around one time in the pattern. I wasn't planning on flying out of the pattern at all. But when I started to make my turn I noticed it was in the same position and I thought this was a little odd for an airplane--it should have moved on. When I took a look it, I realized it had no tail, no wing, or anything else and I was close enough by then that I should have been able to identify an aircraft.

I turned out of the pattern then and headed down south and I didn't call in until I got close enough to be sure that it wasn't an airplane and then I got on United and called Central and also raised Provo Unicom and conversed with both of these groups on it. But Provo said that they couldn't see it from the ground but the Utah Central group could see it all right.

And as far as you know no one in Provo saw it?

They reported that they couldn't see it. They said they had the field glasses and were looking exactly where I told them it was but couldn't see anything. I don't know if the light was bad for them at that angle or what the score was, I don't know.

With regard to your own aircraft, what type is it?


- page 29 -

Moody Mark 20A.
And do you recall the number?
8393 Echo.
You said before your altitude was--
6000.
Your heading was 180°?
Right.
Your air speed at the time?
140 indicated. Out about 160 or something like that.
And the aircraft's base was Utah Central?
Right.
Do you have any ideas as to the time?
It was right close to noon. Your Salt Lake radio could give you the time I am sure if they monitor these things because I phoned on the radio--Salt Lake radio--and made the report to them, immediately after the flight sighting. I talked to Provo and they suggested I call Salt Lake Radio; I was talking to Utah Central and Provo all at the same time and Provo said that I should give the report to Salt Lake radio so I switched over to Salt Lake radio and headed back toward the field. So they would have a report on the time exactly.
At the time was there any cloud ceiling?
No cloud cover of any kind. The sky was completely blue.

This concludes the taped interviews of six observers of a reported unidentified flying object at the Utah Central Airport at Salt Lake City, Utah, on 2 Oct 61.
The interviews were conducted by Security Specialist Douglas M. Krogle(?), Security and Law Enforcement Division, Hill AFB, Utah. This tape will be forwarded to FTD-E, Wright-Patterson AFB along with AF Form 112 covering the sighting.


- page 30 -

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 92--THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS
and the sun had the same bearing from the pursuing plane as in
the Salt Lake City incident. With the information now available
there can be little doubt that [illegible text] was actually chasing a Skyhook balloon. But in 1948 when so many of the relevant facts were
not known, the sundry theory was a reasonable solution and may
still be the correct one.


- page 31 -

One of the most recent sightings of this type occurred on October 2, 1961, a few minutes after noon [1]. A civilian pilot who was just taking off from the Utah Central Airport at Salt Lake City noticed a bright silvery disk in the air ahead of his plane. He supposed it to be another aircraft crossing his course. When he was air-borne, he was surprised to find that the object, now an elongated pencil shape, still appeared in the same position where he had first seen it and hence could not be a plane. Puzzled, he radioed the control tower and reported the UFO. Looking south as directed by the pilot, the tower operator easily found the object, a bright spot in the sky about 23 degrees directly below the sun and apparently hovering over the town of Provo, forty miles to the south.

Deciding to investigate, the pilot left the traffic pattern and started directly south after the UFO. It seemed to be standing practically still in the sky, with a little rocking motion, at an altitude of 6500 to 7000 feet. He seemed to have approached within three to five miles when the UFO suddenly shot up "like an elevator" and retreated rapidly south, as though taking evasive action. The acceleration was tremendous, almost as though the UFO had been fired from a rocket, but there was no sonic boom. It then disappeared gradually. "It just faded out. I kept my eyes glued right on it because I could see it was moving away at a great speed. I wanted to see how long it would take and it was just a second or two until it had faded completely. And it was getting smaller all the time, you could see it was moving away." The speed of departure, the pilot estimated, must have been thousands of miles an hour.

Alerted by the pilot's message to the control tower, several persons on the ground at the Salt Lake City airport, most of them with experience as pilots, had also been watching the UFO. Ground observers at the Provo airport, also alerted, were not able to locate the unknown, even though they had been told it was almost directly overhead.

Investigators from a nearby Air Force Base interviewed the witnesses, who were obviously competent and reliable. All agreed that the unknown had been a bright, silvery, metallic-looking object that seemed to glisten or flicker in the sun; that it was roughly oval or indeterminate in shape; that it was solid and tangible, but not a conventional aircraft or balloon; that it made no sound, showed no


- page 32 -

exhaust or vapor trail; that it was in view roughly fifteen minutes, and disappeared gradually by "blotting out" or fading. All but one of the witnesses agreed that the skies had been absolutely clear and cloudless; one stated that, although the day was clear, a very slight haze existed over the mountainous region where the UFO appeared.

In spite of this general agreement, certain significant discrepan- cies became evident. The pursuing pilot stated that the object had moved up and away from him at incredible speed, as though it were controlled. The ground observers, however, did not see any move- ment by the UFO. Most of them reported that it remained sta- tionary as though it were suspended in the air; a few said that it vanished at intervals, only to reappear a few seconds later in another place. Most of the time, they agreed, it just hung in the sky until it faded from view.

By analysis of these clues, ATIC was able to solve the mystery. According to the local weather bureau, the sky had been clear with visibility unlimited, but there had been very thin cirrus clouds, a layer of minute ice crystals suitable for producing a mock sun. A sunddog would also account for the contradictory statements about the UFO's motion. Since the ground observers remained in one place, their position relative to the sunddog did not change and it seemed to remain stationary. The pilot, however, was in a moving plane and changing his position relative to the UFO; hence it seems stationary to a person who merely stands and watches it. But if he begins to chase it, hoping to catch up and perhaps find the leg- endary pot of gold, the rainbow seems to move away and elude its pursuer. The pilot's belief that the UFO had exhibited fantastic speed was, according to his own statement, an inference based on the fact that the UFO quickly dwindled, became very small, and vanished. It disappeared, however, not because it was speeding away at thousands of miles an hour, but because of a change in the relative positions of sun and ice clouds that produced the sunddog in the first place. One final point nailed down this explanation. The UFO had been 23 degrees from the sun—the distance at which mock suns appear.

The details of this sighting obviously show a striking resemblance to some of those in the Mantell (p. 600), in which the UFO


- page 33 -

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH - 2 Oct 61: About 1:00 P.M., a private pilot, spotted a gray, apparently metallic, disc-shaped object as he was taking off from the Utah Central Airport. He first thought it was an airplane but when he got close, he saw that it was an same position and had no wings or tail, so began watching it closely.

Further described the object as being at least fifty feet across and four feet thick, with no visible openings, trails, or exhaust. He flew toward the object, only to have it move upward "like an elevator", then to the south at high speed.

He directly over the Utah Lake Canal Radio Station (a radio-directional station for aviation). After hovering a short while, the disc moved straight up again, then disappeared to the west.

Two Utah Air National Guard jets were scrambled in an intercept attempt that failed.

The object was also seen from the ground by airport officials and other observers. Cne, a mechanic, watched it through binoculars and said it was like dull aluminum in appearance except when it turned toward the sun. Then the disc shone brightly.

24


- page 34 -

Audio-Tape
Oct. 2, 1961
Salt Lake City, Utah
Observer: Multiple
File # 1003575
In custody of Audio-Visual Division
1975


- page 35 -

Here is the text from the newspaper page:

SUNRISE
EDITION

The Salt Lake T
Vol. 183, No. 172                Salt Lake City, Utah — Today Morning — October 8, 1961

'Saucer' Soars in
8 Spot 'Saucer'
Disc Leaves
S.L. Pilot
After Chase

By Darlene Galbraith
Tribune Correspondent
WHAT began as a routine
flight turned into a Salt
Lake City pilot turned into a
exciting chase and launched
an investigation by Air Force
officials into a report of a
"flying saucer."

PILOT WALDO J. Harris
(631 Garfield Ave. (1861 S.
State), was the first to sight as
"unidentified object" while he
was flying a routine morning
flight from Utah Central Airport, 5700 W. 2100 South. At
first he thought it was a spotlight the same object from
the ground.

Mr. Harris, a Salt Lake real
estate and insurance salesman,
and veteran pilot, told Hill Air
Force Base security officials
that he first sighted what he
described as a "saucer" object
when he turned onto the airport runway ready to begin his
flight.

"AT FIRST I thought it was
a spotlight," Mr. Harris said,
"but when I looked again, I realized it was something different."

IT WAS THEN, Mr. Harris
reported, that he decided to
investigate.

"I changed my heading,"
he said, "and followed what
appeared to be a large object
rocking motion at an altitude of between 6,500 and 7,000

feet."

THE PILOT radioed back
to Utah Central Airport that
he had sighted what he
thought to be a "flying saucer"
and was going to attempt to
get a closer view.

Mr. Harris told officials "as
he estimated the distance between his plane and the object at about five miles at the
time of the sighting.

HE HAD REACHED a point about three miles from
where he first sighted the object when it began to move south.

His observations of the object were that it appeared to
be a light gray disc which he
estimated to measure at least
50 feet across and about four
feet thick at the widest point.

"It was a controlled craft from
the performance during my
observation," Mr. Harris continued.

Mr. Harris said the "saucer" when it began to move
and then was able to observe it
almost directly overhead, hovered directly over the Utah
Central Airport and the Provo
Airport.

During his entire flight, Mr.
Harris maintained radio contact with both Utah Central
Airport and the Provo
Airport.

Information, he relayed to
maintenance tower at U.S. Salt
Lake Municipal Airport.

Visible, no vapor trail or exhaust smoke, yet I am sure
it was a controlled craft from
the performance during my
observation.

ONE OF THEM, Virgil S.
Redmond, 626 S. 200 West.

Salt Lake City, had just landed
and reported:
"It wasn't there when I came
in."

OTHER WITNESSES, some
of whom used binoculars to
watch the object, were Mr. and
Mrs. Jay Gahegan, 1864-60
North 200 West, near the airport; Clyde Card and Bruce
Drake, 1966 North 200 West;
Robert Butler of 1st North,
and an employee of the Automotive, having an unobstructed view.

ALL OF THE witnesses reported watching the object for
more than 10 minutes.

"Whatever it was seemed to be
rocking while hovering almost
motionless over the airport
field. At times, as it turned,
it almost looked like a "saucer" peg.

(THE U.S. Weather Bureau
said that the prevailing wind
measured by a weather balloon at 10 a.m. shortly before
the sighting was from the northwest at two miles an hour
and were from a southeasterly
direction.

The next weather balloon
was released at 4 p.m. when
the winds at the 7,000 level
were registered as being from
the northwest and about five
miles an hour.)

Waldo J. Harris sketches the unidentified object he sighted and chased while flying.


- page 36 -

Lake Tribune
Tuesday Morning — October 3, 1961

Clearly Pleasant
Salt Lake City and Utah—
Fair with little change in
temperature but warmer in
east portion. Map, Page 6.

Price Ten Cents

rs in S.L. Sky

THE AIR FORCE said late
Monday an investigator from
Hill Air Force Base security
division had conducted a routine investigation of the reported sighting of an unidentified flying object Monday
night. Capt. Jackson had referred to Air Force headquarters in Washington, D.C.
for further details. Capt.
Jackson said the object was
reported to have been seen
into the Salt Lake area does not usually
occur into the South Salt
Lake area.

Unidentified Flying Objects Research Committee®
DEDICATED TO PUBLIC EDUCATION
A NON-PROFIT ORGANIZATION

P. O. Box 5242

Akron 13, Ohio

The Committee welcomes all past and future sightings of UFOs.

[Handwritten note: "Note: this unrelated with salt water?"]

[Photograph caption 1]: Wade J. Harris sketches the unidentified object he sighted and chased while flying

[Photograph caption 2]: Monday to Mrs. Jay Galbraith and Virgil S. Redmond. The pair saw object from ground.

Oct. 10, 1961


- page 37 -

ZQZCSQL752ZQYB595
PRJEDS0
DE RJW ZNL 3
ZNR
P C224GZ
FM COMDR 3635TH FLYTNGWG STEAD AFB
TO RJWFAL/ADC ENT AFB
RJWZB9/23TH AIR DIV HAMILTON AFB
RJEDS0/ATIC WPAFE
RJEZH0/HQ USAF WASH DC
RJEZH0/USAF WASH DC
BT
UNCLAS 15 K
FOR USAF AFCIN, USAF SAFIS, UFO(A. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT:
1. THE SHAPE CIRCULAR, NO TAIL SURFACE, 25 FT DIAMETER AND OBLONG.
2. A WING SPAN OF 30 FT. ONE HALF AS LONG AS MOONY-MARK 2GA.
3. THE COLOR IS LIGHT GRAY. 4. ONE. 5. ONE. 6. THICKER IN THE
MIDDLE. TWO SAUCERS UPSIDE-DOWN ON EACH OTHER. 7. NONE.
8. NONE. 9. NONE. 8. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT: 1. LIGHT
SPOT IN THE SKY STANDING DEAD STILL. 2. 22 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON.
AIRCRAFT SPOTTED AT 600 FEET ABOVE SURFACE. 3. ANGULAR 250 DEGREE
HEADING 4. WENT STRAIGHT UP, TURNED SOUTH AND WENT WEST. 5. FADED


- page 38 -

PAGE TWO RJWZL 3
OUT GOING SOUTHWEST 6. FIRST TIME IS FR TWO MINUTES-SECOND TIME TWO
MINUTES. AIRCRAFT WITHIN 3 TO 5 MILES OF OBJECT.

C. MANNER OF OBSERVATION: 1 FLYING PERSONNEL AND GROUND OBSERVERS.
2. BINOCULARS USED BY THE GROUND OBSERVERS. THERE WERE EIGHT GROUND
OBSERVERS. 3. MOONY-MARK 2CA, NR 8395E, ALTITUDE FROM RUNWAY UP TO
5,000 FT, HEADING 180 DEGREES, SPEED 140 KNOT, HOME STATION UTAH
CENTRAL AIRPORT, PROVOST, UTAH.

D. TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING: 1905 ZULU, 2 OCT 61 E. UTAH CENTRAL
AIRPORT F. IDENTIFYING INFORMATION ON OBSERVERS: 1. [REDACTED] AGE 44, [REDACTED], SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH; JOB REALESTATE, FIRST
CLASS SPECIALIST MACHINIST, [REDACTED] SCHOOL. 2. [REDACTED] BOTH OBSERVERS ARE FAMILIAR WITH
ALL TYPES AIRCRAFT. G. CLEAR, BRIGHT. WIND FROM NORTH 20-30 KNOT.

H. NEGATIVE. I. NEGATIVE. J. BALLOON RELEASED TWO HOURS PREVIOUS
FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, WITH 10-FOOT DIAMETER. K. THE OBSERVER
CLAIM APPEARANCE OF POSITIVE CONTROL PLUS RAPID
ACCELERATION AND CLIMB. OBSERVERS FAMILIAR WITH ALL TYPES AIRCRAFT.

030100Z OCT RJWZL


- page 39 -

OCT. 21, 1961 UTAH CENTRAL AIRPORT                    (LORENZEN P 251)   B WITNESS 500
AT NOON        A PILOT OF SALT LAKE CITY WAS PREPARING FOR                   01
TAKE-OFF WHEN HE SIGHTED A LARGE, GRAY-COLORED, DISC-SHAPED OBJECT HOVERING   02

SOUTH OF THE AIRPORT. AT FIRST HE THOUGHT IT WAS ANOTHER PLANE, AND HE WAS     03
SURPRISED TO FIND THE OBJECT STILL IN THE SAME POSITION WHEN HE BECAME         04
AIRBORNE. CURIOUS, HE CHANGED HIS HEADING AND FLEW TOWARD WHAT APPEARED TO     05
A LARGE DISC HOVERING WITH A ROCKING MOTION AT AN ALTITUDE OF BETWEEN 5500 AND06
3000 FEET. HE RADIOED THE AIRPORT THAT HE HAD SIGHTED WHAT HE THOUGHT TO BE   07
A FLYING SAUCER* AND WAS GOING TO GET A BETTER VIEW. HE ESTIMATED THE         08
DISTANCE BETWEEN HIMSELF AND THE OBJECT AT ABOUT FIVE MILES. SEVEN OTHER       09
INDIVIDUALS ON THE GROUND ALSO SAW THE OBJECT. ONE                            10
JUST LANDED HIS PLANE AND REPORTED THAT THE OBJECT WAS NOT THERE WHEN HE CAME  11
IN FOR HIS LANDING. THE OTHER SIX OBSERVERS WERE MR. AND MRS.                 12
A FLIGHT                AN EMPLOYEE OF UTE AEROMOTIVE BASED AT THE FIELD, AND  13
AN AIRPORT EMPLOYEE.                                                          14
THEY ALL MADE USE OF A PAIR OF BINOCULARS AND AGREED THAT THE OBJECT           15
HOVERED WITH A ROCKING MOTION AND RESEMBLED A ZEPPELIN AT TIMES. WHEN IT MOVED16
IT ACHIEVED FANTASTIC SPEED.                MEANWHILE, ATTEMPTED TO CLOSE IN,  17
APPROACHED HE REALIZED HE HAD MISJUDGED THE OBJECT'S ALTITUDE, FOR IT WAS AT  18
EYE-LEVEL, AT SIX THOUSAND FEET. HE HEADED TOWARD IT AND GOT A GOOD VIEW OF   20
THE OBJECT'S TOP PORTION AS IT TIPPED TOWARD HIM, CLEARLY SILHOUETTED AGAINST 21
THE MOUNTAINS TO THE SOUTH.                                                   22
THE OBJECT HAD THE APPEARANCE OF *SAND-BLASTED* ALUMINUM. THERE WERE NO       23
CLOUDS OR GROUND HAZE, AND VISIBILITY WAS EXCELLENT. JUDGING FROM THE ACTUAL 24
DISTANCE OF THE HILLS TO THE SOUTH,           ESTIMATED THAT THE OBJECT WAS ABOUT25
FIVE MILES SOUTH OF THE FIELD WHEN SPOTTED AND THAT HE GOT WITHIN THREE MILES 26
OF IT BEFORE IT MOVED AWAY. THE DEPARTURE WAS STRANGE. IT BEGAN A VERTICAL   27
CLIMB AND THEN HEADED SOUTH. IT APPEARED TO BE ABOUT FIFTY FEET, IN DIAMETER  28
AND FIVE TO TEN FEET THICK AT THE CENTER. THERE WERE NO PROTRUSIONS,          29
PORTHOLES, WINGS, ETC. AND IT HAD THE APPEARANCE OF TWO SHALLOW DISHES JOINED30
TOGETHER AT THE RIM.                FOLLOWED THE OBJECT WHEN IT BEGAN ITS FLIGHT AND 31
OBSERVED IT AS IT SUDDENLY HALTED AND HOVERED AT A POINT ALMOST DIRECTLY ABOVE32
THE LAKE OMNI STATION. THEN IT MOVED STRAIGHT UP AND BEGAN TO MOVE WEST AT AN33
EXTREMELY ACCELERATED RATE OF SPEED AND DISAPPEARED IN A FEW SECONDS. DURING 34
THE CHASE                MAINTAINED COMMUNICATION WITH BOTH UTAH CENTRAL AIRPORT AND 35
THE PROVO AIRPORT. IN ADDITION, HE RELAYED INFORMATION TO THE FEDERAL         36
AVIATION ASSOCIATION COMMUNICATIONS TOWER AT SALT LAKE MUNICIPAL AIRPORT.     37


- page 40 -

SALT LAKE CITY CIVILIAN PILOT REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT SOUTH OF SALT LAKE CITY YESTERDAY AND SEVEN PERSONS ON THE GROUND SAID THEY ALSO SAW IT.

A SALT LAKE CITY INSURANCE MAN SAID HE SPOTTED THE DISC-SHAPED OBJECT AS HE WAS TAKING OFF FROM THE UTAH CENTRAL AIRPORT.

"I FIRST THOUGHT IT WAS AN AIRPLANE," HE SAID, "BUT WHEN I GOT CLOSER, I NOTICED THAT IT WAS STILL IN THE SAME SPOT AND HAD NO WINGS OR TAIL."

"IT WAS GRAY, LIKE DULL ALUMINUM," BUT WHEN I TURNED TOWARD THE SUN, IT SHONE, BRILLIANTLY WITH GOOD REFLECTIVE QUALITY."

A SECURITY OFFICER FROM HILL AIR FORCE BASE TOOK STATEMENTS FROM HIM AND THE SEVEN OTHER WITNESSES, ALL OF WHOM WATCHED THE OBJECT.

THE F-94 SAID ITS RADAR SCOPES DIDN'T PICK UP ANYTHING THAT COULD HAVE BEEN THE OBJECT.

THE AIR FORCE, COMMAND POST SAID IT HAD NOT HEARD OF ANY SIGHTINGS OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS.

#160988 103


- page 41 -

ZZCSCQL752CQYB995
PH RJEDSQ
DE RJW ZNL 3
ZNR
P 022240Z
FM COMDR 3635TH FLYTNGWG STEAD-AFB
TO RJWFAL/ADC ENT AFB
RJWZSE/28TH AIR DIV HAMILTON AFB
RJEDSQ/ATIC VPAFB
RJEZHQ/HQ USAF WASH DC
RJEZHQ/USAF WASH DC
BT
UNCLAS 16 K
FOR USAF AFCIN, USAF SAFIS, UFOIG: DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT:
1. THE SHAPE CIRCULAR, NO TAIL SURFACE, 25 FT DIAMETER AND OBLONG.
2. A WING SPAN OF 30 FT. ONE HALF AS LONG AS MOONY-MARK 20A.
3. THE COLOR IS LIGHT GRAY. 4. ONE. 5. ONE. 6. THICKER IN THE
MIDDLE, TWO SAUCERS UPSIDE--DOWN ON EACH OTHER. 7. NONE.
8. NONE. 9. NONE. B. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT: 1. LIGHT
SPOT IN THE SKY STANDING DEAD STILL. 2. 22 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON.
AIRCRAFT SPOTTED AT 600 FEET ABOVE SURFACE. 3. ANGULAR 250 DEGREE
HEADING 4. WENT STRAIGHT UP, TURNED SOUTH AND WENT WEST. 5. FADED


- page 42 -

PAGE TWO RJW2NL 3
OUT GOING SOUTHWEST 6. FIRST TIME IS FR TWO MINUTES--SECOND TIME TWO
MINUTES. AIRCRAFT WITHIN 3 TO 5 MILES OF OBJECT.

C. MANNER OF OBSERVATION: 1 FLYING PERSONNEL AND GROUND OBSERVERS.
2. BINOCULARS USED BY THE GROUND OBSERVERS. THERE WERE EIGHT GROUND
OBSERVERS. 3. MOONY-MARK 20A, NR 8393E, ALTITUDE FROM RUNWAY UP TO
5,000 FT, HEADING 180 DEGREES, SPEED 140 KNOT, HOME STATION UTAH
CENTRAL AIRPORT, PROVOST, UTAH.

D. TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING: 1905 ZULU, 2 OCT 61 E. UTAH CENTRAL
AIRPORT F. IDENTIFYING INFORMATION ON OBSERVERS: 1. [REDACTED]
AGE 44, [REDACTED] SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH* JOB REALESTATE, FIRST
CLASS SPECIALIST MACHINIST, [REDACTED] SCHOOL. 2. [REDACTED]
[REDACTED], BOTH OBSERVERS ARE FAMILIAR WITH
ALL TYPES AIRCRAFT. G. CLEAR, BRIGHT. WIND FROM NORTH 20-30 KNOT.

H. NEGATIVE. I. NEGATIVE. J. BALLOON RELEASED TWO HOURS PREVIOUS
FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, WITH 10-FOOT DIAMETER . K. THE OBSERVER
CLAIM APPEARANCE OF POSITIVE CONTROL PLUS RAPID
ACCELERATION AND CLIMBS. OBSERVERS FAMILIAR WITH ALL TYPES AIRCRAFT.
BT

0301002 OCT RJWNL


- page 43 -

Here is the text from the document:

NEWS BRIEFS: A saucer sighting by eight observers, including veteran pilot, received wide publicity last October 4th. The object was seen by pilot Mahlon S. Harris of Salt Lake City, while he was taking off on a routine flight from the Salt Central Airport. Investigators initiated their investigation.

Pilot Traces 50-foot "Saucer"

The recent pursuit of a "flying saucer" by a Utah pilot, fully confirmed by other pilots and airport personnel, is being investigated by AF Intelligence. The chase occurred about noon, Oct. 2, near Utah Central Airport, Salt Lake City.

Two National Air Guard jets were scrambled after the private pilot's sighting report. But the strange machine climbed to an altitude beyond their vertical ascent. The disc-shaped UFO was first seen by pilot J. Harris, veteran pilot, as he approached the airport at an angle toward 20,000-7,000 feet. He was hovering at 6,500-7,000 feet.

It appeared to be a large disc, like a pair of saucers, one turned up. When it suddenly moved upward, like an elevator, as the disc hovered. During the chase, he alerted the FAA tower at Salt Lake City's Municipal Airport and sighted a "flying saucer", relaying details to AF Intelligence.

Because of the disc's speed, Harris temporarily lost contact, but he sighted the object again. Abruptly stopping, the UFO then positioned almost directly over the Utah Lake Onni Radio Station, as confirmed by ground observers.

(Omni-range is used to guide transmitter pilots on any selected course.)

"After hovering there," said Harris, "it moved straight up, then went west at an extremely accelerated speed. It disappeared in a few seconds."

Meanwhile, the flying disc and the observers at Utah Central Airport, including pilots Virgil S. Redmond and Mr. and Mrs. J.G. Calbraith—and several mechanic Robert Butler—saw through binoculars, the "saucer" appeared metallic, like dull aluminum. When it turned toward the sun it showed a brilliant reflecting light. Witnesses agreed on the disc's rocking motion when it hovered, and on its "terrific" acceleration.

Investigator teams from Hill AFB and a separate Naval Intelligence team made a preliminary investigation. No explanation was given for the sighting.

Pilot Harris, revealing he had previously made fun of people who saw "flying saucers," released a public statement:

"I am sure from its performance that what I saw was a controlled craft. I now definitely believe these objects come from other planes."


- page 44 -

TAB

A   Initial Report dtd 2 October, 1961
B   TWX from FTD Requesting Investigation
C   IR From Hill AFB dtd 9 October 1961
D   Transcription of Taped Interview with Observers
E   Dr Menzel Analysis (Extract from "World of Flying Saucers")
F   News Articles and Extracts from UFO Publications
G   Weather Data and Negative Balloon Report


- page 45 -

DATA PROCESSING DIVISION
CLIMATIC CENTER, USAF
Air Weather Service, USAF
Asheville, North Carolina

FILE NO: OCPD/1332
SUBJECT: Copies of Upper Air Observations                                   19 Dec 1961

TO: Air Force Technical Intelligence Center
Foreign Technology Division, TD-2
ATTN: Major Friend
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Reference: Your telephone request on 15 Dec 1961.

2. We are sending photographs of adiabatic charts (PAM-51 ACC) for radiosonde observations on 1-2 October 1961 at Salt Lake City, Utah.

FOR THE DIRECTOR

[Signature of James R. Master]
James R. Master
Chief, Data Processing Division

1 Atch
Data f/Salt Lake City


- page 46 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

335-01

AIR INTELLIGENCE EVALUATION RECORD

TO: Director of Intelligence
Headquarters USAF
ATTN: Collection Operations Div.
Washington 25, D. C.

USABILITY OF REPORT
EXCELLENT
SPECIFIC
USABLE
TOO GENERAL

VALIDITY OF INFORMATION
CONFIRMED
PROBABLY TRUE
POSSIBLY TRUE
DOUBTFUL
CANNOT JUDGE

FULFILLMENT OF REQUIREMENT
COMPLETE
PARTIAL
SLIGHT

COMMENTS (Keep the Intelligence Collection Directors informed. Your comments, guidance and criticism are greatly appreciated. Definite
and detailed information will lead to improvement in the quality of intelligence reporting.)

Sawyer Hanson Field Las Vegas 30 Sept
No Specific Info 12500 at 40° North & Cen Cr
Turn around point in High Alt Winds
Check for point Hileman
GILDENBURG at Holloman
Balloon Control Center

Winds in Sept change from E-W
Coned low in area before morning
Oct 15 Alt winds Swiftly to East
put Gildenburg before Norm not
gpo readable

No Balloons in Area

DATE                AGENCY AND OFFICE                                ANALYST (Signature)

AF FORM    112b    PREVIOUS EDITION OF THIS FORM MAY BE USED.
1 OCT 52


- page 47 -

Salt Lake City, Utah
20ct61

Case includes 21 ADIABATIC
CHARTS 7

one tape recording (separate
folder)


- page 48 -

The image appears to be a graph or chart with a grid pattern. The vertical axis on the left side has numerical values, though they are difficult to read clearly. The graph contains diagonal lines crossing through the grid, creating a complex pattern. The document is a black and white scanned page with some edge distortion and appears to be from an older document or report.


- page 49 -

The image appears to be a technical chart or graph with a grid layout. The text "ADIABATIC CHART" is visible at the top right of the document. The page contains numerous numerical entries and grid lines, with some sections being quite faint or difficult to read clearly. There is a handwritten number "62" in the bottom right corner of the page.


- page 50 -

The image appears to be a graph or chart with a grid layout. The vertical axis on the left side shows numerical values ranging from 0 to 450, with increments of 50. The horizontal axis at the bottom shows values from 12 to 17 km. The graph contains multiple diagonal lines and grid intersections across the entire page. The image is in black and white and appears to be a technical or scientific document page.


- page 51 -

ADIABATIC CHART

(The rest of the text is too illegible to confidently transcribe. The image appears to be a complex grid chart with numerical data and grid lines, with "ADIABATIC CHART" visible in the top right corner.)


- page 52 -

The image appears to be a grid or chart with numerous vertical and horizontal lines. Most of the text is too small and illegible to read clearly. The document looks like a technical or data-related page, possibly a map, graph, or detailed record sheet. The image is in black and white and has some edge distortion or fading, particularly on the left side of the page.


- page 53 -

ADIABATIC CHART

[The rest of the text is too small or blurry to reliably OCR without potential errors. The image appears to be a complex technical chart with numerous grid lines, tables, and data points, with "ADIABATIC CHART" clearly visible at the top right of the document.]


- page 54 -

The image appears to be a grid or graph paper with numerical values on the vertical axis ranging from around 400 to 1000. The grid is filled with intersecting horizontal and vertical lines, creating a grid pattern. The image is in black and white and appears to be a scanned document with some dark edges on the left side. No specific text is legible on this page beyond the numerical markings on the vertical axis.


- page 55 -

Here is the text from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH

AF IN : 16127 (2 Oct 61)
ACTION : CIN-17
INFO : OOP-2, OOP-CP-1, SAFS-3 (24)

SMB B 255
KZCHGD9S3ZC6JC883
PP RJEZHQ
DE RJWNZL 3
ZNR
P 022240Z
FM COMDR 3635TH FLYTNGWG STEAD AFB
TO RJWFAL/ADC ENT AFB
RJWZSB/28TH AIR DIV HAMILTON AFB
RJEDSG/ATIC WPAFB
RJEZHG/HQ USAF WASH DC
RJEZHG/OSAF WASH DC
BT
UNCLAS 16 K
FOR USAF AFCIN, OSAF SAFIS, UFO: A. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT:
1. THE SHAPE CIRCULAR, NO TAIL SURFACE, 25 FT DIAMETER AND OBLNNG.
2. A WING SPAN OF 30 FT. ONE HALF AS LONG AS MOONY-MARK 20A.
E3. THE COLOR IS LIGHT GRAY. 4. ONE. 5. ONE. 6. THICKER IN THE
MIDDLE, TWO SAUCERS UPSIDE--DOWN ON EACH OTHER. 7. NONE.
8. NONE. 9. NONE. B. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT: 1. LIGHT
SPOT IN THE SKY STANDING DEAD STILL. 2. 22 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON.
AIRCRAFT SPOTTED AT 600 FEET ABOVE SURFACE. 3. ANGULAR 250 DEGREE
HEADING 4. WENT STRAIGHT UP, TURNED SOUTH AND WENT WEST. 5. FADED


- page 56 -

The image appears to be a complex grid or chart with numerous small squares and rectangles. Most of the text is too small or blurry to read clearly. On the right side of the image, there is a section labeled "ADIABATIC" which seems to contain various numerical entries. The document looks like a technical or scientific data sheet with a dense grid pattern covering most of the page. Due to the low contrast and resolution, many of the specific details and text are illegible.


- page 57 -

The image appears to be a graph or chart with a grid pattern. Most of the text is too small or blurry to read clearly. There are some numbers visible on the vertical and horizontal axes, but they are not legible enough to transcribe with confidence. The document looks like a technical or scientific record with precise grid lines and data points, but the specific details cannot be determined from this image.


- page 58 -

The image appears to be an Adiabatic Chart with a large grid-like diagram on the left side and some text and smaller tables on the right side. However, most of the text is too small or blurry to read clearly. The only legible text I can see is "ADIABATIC CHART" at the top right of the document.


- page 59 -

The image appears to be a grid or chart with vertical and horizontal lines. Most of the text is too small or blurry to read clearly. There are some numbers visible along the left and bottom margins of the grid, but they are not legible enough to transcribe with certainty. The document looks like a technical or scientific graph or data sheet, with a grid pattern covering most of the page.


- page 60 -

The text I can clearly read is:

ADIABATIC CHART

1961 (partially visible in bottom right section)

Most of the document appears to be a grid/chart with numerous rows and columns, but the text in many sections is too faint or blurry to confidently transcribe. The document seems to be a technical chart with numerical data and grid lines.


- page 61 -

The image appears to be a grid or graph paper with numerical values along the vertical axis ranging from 1000 to 0. The grid is filled with various lines and markings, creating a complex pattern across the page. The document looks like it could be a technical chart or data visualization, but the specific details are difficult to discern due to the low contrast and grayscale nature of the image. There is a hole punch mark on the left side of the document.


- page 62 -

The image appears to be a complex grid or chart with numerous small boxes and lines. The text is largely illegible due to the low contrast and small size of the characters. The only partially readable text I can see is "ADIABATIC CHART" in the top right area of the document. The rest of the text is too small or blurry to accurately transcribe.


- page 63 -

This image appears to be a graph or chart with a grid pattern. The grid lines are clearly visible, with vertical and horizontal lines creating numerous small squares. There is a vertical axis on the left side with numerical markings, though the specific numbers are difficult to read clearly. The graph seems to have some diagonal lines or data points plotted across the grid, but the details are not distinct due to the image quality. Two hole punches are visible on the left side of the document, indicating it was likely part of a larger file or report.


- page 64 -

The text I can clearly read is:

ADIABATIC CHART

The rest of the text appears to be in small print and is too blurry/low resolution for me to confidently OCR. The document appears to be a technical chart with a grid layout, with some text in the right margin, but I cannot make out the specific details of that text.


- page 65 -

The image appears to be a grid or graph paper with numerous lines and intersections. The text is too faint and blurry to be legibly read through OCR. The document looks like a technical or scientific chart with vertical and horizontal grid lines, but the specific details are not clear due to the low image quality.


- page 66 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE SEARCH

AP IN : 16127                                                                 PG 2 of 2

INCOMING

PAGE TWO RJWZNL 3
OT GOING SOUTHWEST 6. FIRST TIME IS FR TWO MINUTES-SECOND TIME TWO
MINUTES. AIRCRAFT WITHIN 3 TO 5 UMILES OF OBJECT.

C. MANNER OF OBSERVATION: 1 FLYING PERSONNEL AND GROUND OBSERVERS.
2. BINOCULARS USED BY THE GROUND OBSERVERS. THERE WERE EIGHT GROUND
OBSERVERS. 3. MOONY-MARK 22A, NR 8393E, ALTITUDE FROM RUNWAY UP TO
6,000 FT, HEADING 180 DEGREES, SPEED 140 KNOT, HOME STATION UTAH
CENTRAL AIRPORT, PROVOST, UTAH.

D. TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING: 1905 ZULU, 2 OCT 61 E. UTAH CENTRAL
AIRPORT F. IDENTIFYING INFORMATION ON OBSERVERS: 1. [REDACTED], SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH: JOB REALESTATE, FIRST
CLASS SPECIALIST MACHINIST, [REDACTED]. BOTH OBSERVERS ARE FAMILIAR WITH
ALL TYPES AIRCRAFT. 2. [REDACTED] 3-4, BRIGHT. WIND FROM NORTH 20-30 KNOT.

I. NEGATIVE. J. BALLOON RELEASED TWO HOURS PREVIOUS
FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, WITH BOPAFOT DIAMETER. K. THE OBSERVER
CLAIM APPEARANCE OF POSITIVE CONTROL PLUS RAPID
ACCELERATION AND CLIMB. OBSERVERS FAMILIAR WITH ALL TYPES AIRCRAFT.

BT
230102Z UOCT RJWZNL


- page 67 -

The image appears to be a complex document with a grid-like structure, primarily consisting of rows and columns of text and numbers. Much of the text is too small or blurry to read clearly. The document seems to be an official form or report with multiple sections and boxes. The right side of the document contains several smaller boxes with varying amounts of text and numerical data. The left side contains a large grid with diagonal lines crossing through it. Due to the low contrast and image quality, many specific details are difficult to discern.


- page 68 -

The image appears to be a grid or graph paper with numerical values on the vertical axis ranging from approximately 1000 to 1850. The grid is filled with fine white lines on a black and white background. There are two hole punches visible on the left side of the document, suggesting it was part of a larger file or binder. The image is quite faded and grainy, typical of an older scanned document. No readable text is present beyond the numerical grid markings.


- page 69 -

The image appears to be a complex grid or chart document with multiple rows and columns. Most of the text is too small or blurry to read clearly. The document seems to be a data sheet or form with a grid-like structure covering most of the page. Some small text boxes are visible on the right side of the document, but the specific content is not legible. The document is in black and white and appears to be an old, scanned document with some degradation and low contrast.


- page 70 -

The image appears to be a graph or chart with a grid pattern. The vertical axis seems to have numerical values ranging from 0 to 400, while the horizontal axis is not clearly legible. The graph contains diagonal lines and shaded areas, but no specific text is readable beyond the numerical markings on the vertical axis. Two white circular marks are visible on the left and right edges of the document, which appear to be hole punches for filing.


- page 71 -

The image appears to be a complex data form or chart with a large grid on the left side and several smaller sections on the right side. Most of the text is too small or blurry to read clearly. The right side of the document seems to have some form fields and sections, but the specific text is not legible. The document looks like an official form or data collection sheet from the 1960s, with a grid-like structure taking up most of the page.


- page 72 -

The image appears to be a graph or chart with a grid pattern. The text is mostly illegible due to the low contrast and image quality. There are some numbers visible along the vertical and horizontal axes, but they are too blurry to read with certainty. The document has hole punches on the left side, indicating it is part of a bound report or file. No other text can be confidently transcribed from this image.


- page 73 -

The image appears to be a complex data chart or graph, with a grid-like structure covering most of the left side of the page. On the right side, there are several smaller boxes with text, but the text is largely illegible due to the poor image quality and faded print. The top right of the page has the text "ADIABATIC CHART" partially visible. The document seems to be a technical or scientific document, possibly related to meteorology or thermodynamics, but the specific details cannot be clearly read.


- page 74 -

The image appears to be a grid or graph paper with numerical values on the vertical axis ranging from 1050 to 7750 in increments. The grid is filled with small squares and contains some diagonal lines or markings. However, the text is very faint and mostly illegible due to the low contrast and image quality. I can make out the numbers on the vertical axis, but cannot confidently read any other text that might be present on the document.


- page 75 -

The image appears to be a complex grid or chart document with numerous small boxes and lines. Most of the text is too small or blurry to read clearly. The document seems to be a data sheet or form with multiple columns and rows, with some sections appearing darker or more shadowed than others. The majority of the text is illegible due to the low resolution and contrast of the scanned document.


- page 76 -

This image appears to be a grid or graph paper with a complex grid pattern. The grid lines are black and white, creating a dense network of intersecting horizontal and vertical lines. There are numerical markings along the left side of the grid, ranging from what seems to be 0 to around 500. The image is a black and white scanned document with two hole punches visible on the left side, typical of a document meant to be filed in a binder. The grid appears to be quite detailed, with many small squares forming the overall pattern.


- page 77 -

Here is the text from the document:

JOINT MESSAGEFORM

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED

ZNR
50ct61 18 51a

PRECEDENCE: ROUTINE
TYPE MSG (Check): BOOK: MULTI   SINGLE
ACTION: ROUTINE
INFO: ROUTINE

FROM: FTD WPAFB O

TO: HILL AFB UTAH RJWZHL
INFO: 3635TH FLTWMNG STEAD AFB NEV RJWNL

UNCLASSIFIED TD-E                   5-10-85

REF MSG 16 K, 3635TH FLTWMNG, REPORTING THE SIGHTING OF A UFO AT THE
UTAH CENTRAL AIRPORT ON 2 OCT 61 AT 1905Z. THE INFO IN REF MSG IS
LIMITED IN NATURE; THEREFORE, REQUEST YOUR ORG CONDUCT A FOLLOW-UP
INVESTIGATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH AFR 200-2 DTD 14 SEP 59. THE
ORIGINAL REPORT INDICATES THAT THERE WERE 10 WITNESSES INVOLVED,
HOWEVER THE REPORTING INDIVIDUAL WAS MR [REDACTED] FROM
SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. REQUEST ALL WITNESSES BE CONTACTED AND
A REPORT OF YOUR INVESTIGATION BE FORWARDED TO FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY
DIVISION, ATTN: TD-E.

Date: 05   Time: 35
Month: OCT  Year: 1961

SYMBOL: TD-E

Typed Name and Title: Edward H. Wynn
Colonel, USAF
Dep for Science & Components

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED

DD FORM 173, MAY 55 REPLACES DD FORM 173, 1 OCT 49, WHICH WILL BE USED UNTIL EXHAUSTED


- page 78 -

The text I can clearly read is:

ADIABATIC CHART

On the right side of the document, there are several form fields, but most of the text is too illegible for me to confidently transcribe. The majority of the document appears to be a grid or chart with numerous small squares/cells, with some diagonal lines crossing through the grid.


- page 79 -

The image appears to be a grid or chart with vertical and horizontal lines. The text is too small and blurry to read clearly. There are some markings and lines drawn across the grid, but the details are not legible. The document seems to be a technical or data-related page, possibly from a scientific or military report, but the specific content cannot be determined from this image.


- page 80 -

The image appears to be a technical chart or graph, specifically labeled as an "ADIABATIC CHART" in the top right corner. The document is primarily composed of a dense grid of vertical and horizontal lines, with some diagonal lines crossing through the grid. On the right side of the image, there are several smaller boxes with text and numerical data. However, due to the low contrast and image quality, much of the specific text is difficult to read clearly. The document seems to be a scientific or engineering reference chart with complex gridlines and data tables.


- page 81 -

The image appears to be a graph or chart with a grid pattern. The vertical axis on the left side has numerical markings from around 1000 down to 1250 (or possibly 1000 to 1350, as some numbers are partially obscured). The grid lines are white/light gray on a dark background. The graph seems to have some darker areas or markings within the grid, but the specific details are difficult to discern due to the image quality and contrast.


- page 82 -

The image appears to be a complex grid or chart document, which looks like an "Apiaetic Chart" (partially visible on the right side of the document). Most of the text is too small or blurry to read clearly. The document consists of a large grid/matrix on the left side and some columnar sections on the right side with various entries and dates. Some numbers and text are visible, but they are not legible enough to transcribe with confidence. The document seems to be a technical or scientific record, possibly related to data tracking or analysis.


- page 83 -

The image appears to be a grid or graph paper with various lines and markings. However, the text is too illegible to accurately transcribe. The document seems to be a technical or scientific chart with numerical scales on the left and bottom margins, but the specific details cannot be clearly read due to the low contrast and image quality.


- page 84 -

The image appears to be an Adiabatic Chart with a complex grid of lines and numbers. The right side of the chart contains several tables and text sections, but the text is too blurry and low-contrast to be reliably transcribed. The majority of the document is a large grid with diagonal lines crossing through it, typical of technical scientific or meteorological charts. The title "ADIABATIC CHART" is partially visible on the top right of the document.


- page 85 -

The image appears to be a grid or chart with vertical and horizontal lines. Most of the text is too illegible to read clearly. There are two white circular holes on the left side of the document, suggesting it was part of a bound report or file. The document is a black and white scan with varying shades of gray and some noise or artifacts from the scanning process.


- page 86 -

I apologize, but the text in this image is largely illegible due to the poor quality of the scan. The document appears to be a complex grid or chart with many rows and columns, but the text is too blurry and faint to be accurately transcribed. The document seems to be some kind of official form or data sheet, with "DIABAT" partially visible at the top right, but I cannot confidently read the specific details.


- page 87 -

The image appears to be a grid or graph paper with vertical and horizontal lines forming small squares. The grid is predominantly white and gray, with some darker areas. On the left side of the image, there are numerical markings ranging from around 1000 to 350, though the exact numbers are difficult to read clearly. The overall appearance suggests this is some kind of data visualization or chart, but the specific details are not easily discernible due to the low contrast and image quality.


- page 88 -

HEADQUARTERS
284TH AIR BASE WING
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Hill Air Force Base, Utah

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: COBB                                                   6 October 1961

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

TO: AFIC (TD-E)
    Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Reference is made to message TD-E 5-10-85 dated 5 October 1961.

2. AF Form 112, together with taped recordings of interview of six observers of UFO at Utah Central Airport, will be forwarded on or about 9 October 1961. Also reports of initial investigation concerning three other sightings in the Utah area.

FOR THE COMMANDER

CARL B. COTTRELL
Chief, Internal Security Branch
Security & Law Enforcement Division

LID
12 JA
DECLASSIFIED


- page 89 -

The image appears to be an "ADIABATIC CHART" with a complex grid of numbers, lines, and tables. Most of the text is too small or blurry to read clearly. The chart seems to be a technical document with numerous rows and columns of data, with a large grid taking up most of the left side of the page and smaller tables on the right side. The overall document looks like a scientific or meteorological reference chart from an older era, likely from the 1960s based on the filename.


- page 90 -

The image appears to be a graph or chart with a grid pattern. The grid lines are clearly visible, creating a matrix of small squares. There are markings along the left side of the page that seem to be a vertical scale or axis. The image is in black and white and appears to be a technical or scientific document, possibly a data visualization or plotting sheet. No legible text is visible on this page.


- page 91 -

The image appears to be an ADIABATIC CHART with a complex grid of numbers and lines. Most of the text is too small or blurry to read clearly. On the right side of the document, there are some text boxes with partially legible text, but the resolution makes it difficult to transcribe with complete accuracy. The chart seems to be a technical document with numerous rows and columns of numerical data, with a diagonal line running through the grid.


- page 92 -

The image appears to be a grid or chart with vertical and horizontal lines forming a complex grid pattern. The grid is predominantly white/light gray with black/dark gray lines. The grid seems to have some diagonal lines crossing through it at various angles. Due to the low contrast and image quality, most of the specific text or markings within the grid are illegible.


- page 93 -

The text I can clearly read is:

ADIABATIC CHART

Some other text appears to be present on the document, but it is too faint or blurry for me to confidently transcribe. The document appears to be a technical chart with a grid-like structure, with one large grid on the left side and several smaller boxes and grids on the right side.


- page 94 -

