PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
18 August 1961

2. LOCATION
Santa Fe, Argentina

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local 11 PM

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☑Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
20%

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not included

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
Space ship landed

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
15 passengers that looked like earth men landed and captured a tramp and flew away. Space ship had port holes and looked like space ships in movies. While this was happening the observers car, flash light and probable radio would not work. When the ship was gone everything worked again. Men from outer space had on helmets with round antennas. After man was captured the engines began to run and the ship took off/left track of li

11. COMMENTS
Report received second hand fm man who heard story on the Radio and wanted confirmation. Many inconsistencies in story and no tangible evidence. Ob- vious unreliable rpt.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Unreliable Rpt
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Translator's note: This letter is written in poor Spanish, a fact necessarily reflected, to some extent, in the translation.]

Santa Fe
Argentina

2 June 62

Director,
Unidentified Flying Objects Office
Department of the Air Force
Washington

I would like to pay my respects to the Director of A.M.C. [sic] and establish friendly ties with him.

I would appreciate your opinion of the account I am giving you below.

There is a growing unrest in my city as the result of a radio program broadcast by the privately owned station LT-9, Radio Santa Fe, which is heard throughout the Republic and in neighboring countries.

The program, entitled "A traves del cable" [by cable], is directed by a group of prominent radio newsmen. On this program, a request was made to the public for an account from someone who has seen a flying saucer. A letter was received from a prominent citizen who did not give his name or address.

Here is this man's account:

First he explains that he is a quiet person and in good health.

He says that on the 18th of August, 1961, he was driving his car slowly along the road to Santa Fe, the road called "Camino de la Costa", at 11 p.m., at a point approximately 60 km from Santa Fe, where there are three crossroads. Suddenly, his car stopped, the lights went out and the portable radio went silent. He wished to check the bottom of the car, put the flashlight did not work. Therefore, he went to seek help and walked towards a light before him, on one side of the road, believing it was a country house. As he got near, the light became brighter, to his surprise, so he hid among the bushes and shrubs and approached gradually. When he got near to the source of the light he saw a space ship approximately 60 m long and approximately 30 m high. It had the shape of a flying saucer, just as those shown in the magazines and movies. He said that there were some 15 beings surrounding the saucer who, at that moment, seemed to push someone up a ladder to the saucer, a person who, judging by


- page 2 -

the clothes he wore, was a laborer or tramp. According to this man's account, these being wore a yellow or cream-colored suit, completely sealed, a helmet from which rose two antennas inclined sideways. A round the antennas were round antennas that looked like snow, shining like glass.

Around the saucer were about twelve openings, presumably exhausts for the engines of the ship.

The crew of the ship looked like earthmen, very white skin, blonde. They were surrounded by something like a giant glass bubble. They uttered a kind of shrill sound - presumably they were talking among themselves. Once the laborer had been taken in, all these beings entered, the ladder was drawn up and the engines of the ship began to run immediately. After a few minutes, the saucer took off and left a track of light which changed color as the ship flew away. After this, the car worked, as did the radio and the flashlight.

This man says that after he went through this experience he had his head examined by a specialist who told him that he is in perfect health and that his nervous system did not undergo any change.

This is all he said about what he saw. I would appreciate your opinion with regard to it. Also, if possible, please send me illustrated pamphlets or photographs of previous cases, so that I can collaborate with the radio station and with you, since many stories are being received by mail. Thus ties of friendship could be formed and collaboration between the "Department of Investigation" you direct and the group of newsmen I mentioned before.

I await your reply and remain,

respectfully yours,
[signed]


- page 3 -

Santa Fe, 2 de Junio de 1962.
Señor Director de: Unidentified Flying Objects Office
Department of the Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

El que suscribe se complace en saludar al señor Director de B.M.C., con sus mas altos honores.

El motivo de la presente es contraer binoculares amistosos con el señor Director y al mismo tiempo solicitarle quiera tener a bien de enviarme su opinión del relato que a continuación detallo.

Mi nombre como usted a ha pedido apreciar al comienzo de esta carta es [illegible] habitante de la ciudad de Santa Fe, casi tal de la provincia que lleva el mismo nombre en la República Argentina.

En mi querida ciudad, ha surgido una inquietud que se acentúa cada día mas, dicha inquietud proviene de un programa de radio que se difunde por la emisora primera del TJ, Radio Santa Fe, que tiene un alcance de onda que abarca toda la república y países vecinos.

Dicho programa, denominado "A traves del cable", a cargo


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

A cuya dirección se encuentran un prestigioso grupo de periodistas de radio.

En dicha audición se solicitó a la población que colaborara ella, enviando por correo o personalmente el relato de alguna persona que haya vivido la emoción de observar el paso de todo cuerpo celeste. Denominado comúnmente "Platos Voladores", a la cual acudió por carta un prestigioso vecino sin dar a conocer su nombre, ni dirección.

(-) A continuación, doy usted el relato de este nombre:

Comenzando el relato, aclara, que el es una persona tranquila y completamente sana. Dice que en el mes de Agosto de 1954, para ser más preciso el día 18, se encontraba conduciendo su automóvil por la carretera que conduce a Santa Fe, denominada, camino de la costa, a la hora 23, poca velocidad cuando al llegar a cierto lugar del camino, a unos 60 kilómetros de Santa Fe, en un lugar donde el camino está rodeado por árboles, y por otros agua, al llegar a dicho lugar su automóvil se detuvo bruscamente apagándose las luces y la radio portátil que llevaba prendida, de inmediato se puso en un pie de pizca, lo bajo del coche, constatando gran tensión, válvula de una linterna, que al tratarse de prenderla no funcionó, al encon-


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

tmoros con todo estos revs se acudio en busca de auxilio para lo cual recurrio a una luz que habia de fonte a un costado del cami no creyendo que hera una casa quinta de la zona, dirigiendose al lugar, mientras se acercaba ha dicho lugar la luz cobraba mayor intensidad que llamaba "atencion", antense se escondio entre los arbustos y yuyos del lugar, de esta manera se acercaba al lugar, cuando se acerco bastante cerca de donde provenia la luz se asombro al ver en el lugar a una nave espacial, segun el tenia una dimension de unos 60 metros de largo por unos 30 metros de alto, segun el tenia la forma de un "plato volador", como dice de las revistas y los del cine. Alrededor del plato dice que se encontraban unos 45 seres, que en ese momento parece ser obligaban una escala pa que bajaba del plato, auna persona que a juzgar por las ropas que vestia, herran un limpieras vagabundo. Estos seres segun relata este señor, vestian un traje color amarillo o crema, totalmente cerrado, sobre sus cabezas usaban un casco del cual subian dos antenas inclinadas hacia los costados, alrededor de las antenas tenian mas sustanciaj, que se asemejaba a la nieve, de un brillo parado a del viviente. ha nave tenia alrededor de su estructura unas 12

Note: This appears to be a Spanish language document describing a UFO sighting, with the text describing a flying object and beings around it.


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Bajo, pero presumiblemente herran los escapes de los motores de
la nave.

Al sistema de una aclaración, aclara que los seres de la nave separé-
cian muy hombre, lenguaje, y muy blanco de cutis o tubio, que
estaban protegido alrededor del cuerpo como con una burbuja
gigante de vidrio, además disponían una especie de chiquito
presumiblemente aislados entre ellos.

Una vez de introducido el líquido subieron todos estos seres
se elevo, la escalera, de inmediato comen zarón a ser normales
motores de la nave, de los pocos minutos, de jando una
estela de luz, que a medida que se dejaba cambiaba de color.
Después de todo esto, el automóvil funcionaba, como hacia la radio
y la linterna.

Este señor salía después de haber vivido esto se sometió
a una revisión, de lo, como por un especie hixtoria cual se ha
dicho, que esto completamente sano, y que no sufrió de ninguna
alteración nerviosa.

Esta haqui el relato de lo visto por esta persona. Quiero
así leer este relato me envíe su opinión, también le pido si es
posible me envíe también constancia ilustrativa o fotos de casos
anteriores, para de esta manera poder colaborar con la misión
más y más, y que son muchos los relatos que se hacen.


- page 7 -

conocer por carta, de esta manera se podria hacer
un lazo de amistad y colaboración entre el do parta men-
to de investigación que usted dirige y el grupo de perio-
dista, que al comenzar esta tele a b(a)do.

Con mi mas alto respeto me despido de usted, esperan-
do su ansiada respuesta a mi pedido

S/C

Santa fe
Republica Argentina


- page 8 -

