PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
13 Sep 61

2. LOCATION
Belmont, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2115
GMT 14/0215Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTO
Yes
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
S

10. BRIEF SUMMARY Witness reporting sighting was unable to furnish more than a limited amount of info. About only thing she was sure of was that she saw a light to S of her position.

11. COMMENTS It is possible that witness was observing Venus at the time reported, however duration of observation was only 2 min and no valid conclusion can be reached. Case is listed as insufficient data.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 28 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TD-X2
SUBJECT: Extract from Duty Officers' Report

14 Sep 61

TO: TD-E (Major Friend)

The following, extracted from Capt Fisher's Report dated 13 Sep 61, is quoted for your information:

About 2120 hours, received UFO telephone call from Mrs. [redacted], Belmont, [redacted]. Infoming she had seen high flying object (above the stars) and wanted to know if I thought it was enemy. I was courteous and told her I would like to call her back because I was quite busy at the time (High Heels). I did so later but did not have time to get information from her. I told her someone would call her tomorrow. I will notify Sgt [redacted] to call her. I just didn't have the time to take down information at the time.

JOHN G. McNEILL
Major, USAF
Administrative Officer


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
very bright

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape — smaller
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):
I moved behind:   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):
In front of:   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglass   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window-glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other   Yes   No


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
13 SEP 61
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 21 15
           Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
                           b. Central
                           c. Mountain
                           d. Pacific
                           e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
              b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Partially obscured address] BELMONT OHIO
                City or Town    State or Country

5. How long was object in sight? 2 Minutes
                               Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined:
a. Captain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                           NIGHT
a. Bright                     a. Bright
b. Cloudy                     b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
              b. In back of you
              c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD 164     This form supersedes ATIC 164, Feb 60, which is obsolete.
JUL 61


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
4 dia

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object, and more how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Larger than match head

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
no

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Page 4 of the document]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: no
    b. Color: red

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially without rail or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A blank drawing space is provided]

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle Only)
    a. Fuzzy
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

    a. Other: [blank]

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? one
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Another blank drawing space is provided]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
13                 Sep                 61
Day             Month             Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mrs
Riverdale

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes     No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Blank space]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Blank lines]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.


- page 8 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of this object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS Belmont, Ohio

TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
Age [redacted]   Sex [redacted]

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day    Month    Year

Page 8


- page 9 -

