PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
4 Jun 61

2. LOCATION
Silver Grove, Kentucky

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
2300
Local 05/0552Z Jun 61
GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual         ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual            ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
NW then E

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Shiny object changing red back to shiny several times during observation. Bright as the brightest star. Movement included "U" turn. Object disappeared by fading.

11. COMMENTS
This witness has been searching for objects to report. He has made numerous reports of lights in his area. The nature of this object and cause of disappearance of this object indicate that a light a/c on a local mission was the more probable cause of the sighting.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☒ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 14 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified certain phenomenon that you have observed.

Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications, without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
    Day: June    Month: 8    Year: 1961

2. Time of day: 2:37    (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One)
    a. Eastern
    b. Central
    c. Mountain
    d. Pacific
    e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
    Nearest Postal Address: Silver Grove    City or Town: Silver Grove    State or Country: Kentucky
    Additional remarks: South side of town

5. How long was object in sight?
    Hours:     Minutes: 5     Seconds:

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                 NIGHT
    a. Bright            a. Bright
    b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    (Circle One)
    a. In front of you
    b. In back of you
    c. To your right

    d. To your left
    e. Overhead
    f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164    This form supersedes ATIC 164, 15 Oct 54.


- page 2 -

8. IF you saw this object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
    a. None
    b. A few
    c. Many
    d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. Bright moonlight
    b. Dull moonlight
    c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
    d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
    (Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
    [Handwritten response appears to be: Bright as brightest star]

11. Did the object:
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
    c. Break up into parts or explode?
    d. Give off smoke?
    e. Change brightness?
    f. Change shape?
    g. Flash or flicker?
    h. Disappear and reappear?

    [Columns for Yes, No, Don't Know for each question]

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
    IF you answered YES, then tell what
    [Handwritten response indicates it moved behind: Tree]

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
    IF you answered YES, then tell what
    [No handwritten response]

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
    b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
    c. Windshield   Yes   No
    d. Window glass   Yes   No

    e. Binoculars   Yes   No
    f. Telescope    Yes   No
    g. Theodolite   Yes   No
    h. Other        [Handwritten response, partially illegible]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Grayish changing to white, white to silvery, several hues

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch only details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with some annotations]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: ____________

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? One - three
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

[Handwritten text below the drawing, partially illegible, appears to describe the movement and arrangement of the objects]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

1/4

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Ball bearing.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text is illegible]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                c. East               e. South             g. West
b. Northeast           d. Southeast          f. Southwest         h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)        Yes        No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North              c. East               e. South             g. West
b. Northeast          d. Southeast          f. Southwest         h. Northwest
                                                                 i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North              c. East               e. South             g. West
b. Northeast          d. Southeast          f. Southwest         h. Northwest
                                                                 i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 230 degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.


- page 6 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Local police officer.
Day ______ Month ______ Year _______ Then later.

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses: Silver Grove, Ky.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Handwritten text in this section is partially illegible]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Satellite. Possible. But not sure. Has been mapped and this could have been one.


- page 8 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [Illegible response]

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you this object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/2 mile or 4 miles

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]

Age: 12     Sex: [Redacted]

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
[Partially illegible handwritten text, appears to discuss some personal details]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:   04     June     61
                                             Day   Month   Year

[Additional handwritten notes at bottom, partially illegible]


- page 9 -

