There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a document page from Project Blue Book, specifically a record card for an observation. The text on the document includes fields such as date, location, type of observation, source, length of observation, number of objects, course, and comments about the sighting.

PROJECT 15673 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 
2. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 6-27-61
3. LOCATION 
Glen Spry, New York
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Radar
5. CONCLUSIONS 
Unknown
6. SOURCE
Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 minutes
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 
Single
9. COURSE
Not Stated
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Circular object detected by radar close to ground, no visual sightings. Object flashed on and off radar scope, speed estimated 700 mph. No further details available.
11. COMMENTS
Possible malfunction of radar set or interference. No other details available.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about a sighting of an unidentified object.

Text extracted from the document:

23. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building 
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/id?
d. Prior to an airflight?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF YOU WERE MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following: 
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing (true compass direction), try to estimate the number of degrees to the object.
31.1 When it first appeared.
a. From true North ____ degrees.
b. From horizon ____ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared.
a. From true North ____ degrees.
b. From horizon ____ degrees.

- page 2 -

The image contains 3 sketches, but no photographs. The first sketch shows a curved line labeled "A" with several rays or lines pointing upwards, indicating the elevation or height of an object above the horizon. The second and third sketches appear to show landscapes or scenes, possibly depicting the object at different positions or perspectives.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a similar sketch to complete the larger sketch.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document related to a Project Blue Book UFO report.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Scattered clouds
c. Overcast
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One) 
a. Hazy, mist, or light rain
b. Raining or heavy rain
c. Fog
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day
Month
Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)
Yes   No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)
Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted name and address]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)
Yes   No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other cases?
[No response provided]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten response]

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire that is part of Project Blue Book.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Redacted
ADDRESS: Redacted
TELEPHONE NUMBER: Redacted
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.: Redacted

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 12 7 1961

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with a handwritten report from an individual.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and called up as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write or print any data that you have already given in the questionaire, or sketches that you believe are important. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [REDACTED]
SIGNATURE: [REDACTED]
DATE: JULY 22, 1961

The handwritten report states:
"I was referring to the fact that U.S. newspapers are not mentioning the fact that the bill of rights is very clear on this matter, that the unauthorized use or exploitation of a name by an organized and lawful government is the act of an arbitrarily constituted tribunal and not that of a democratic or representative body. Clear insight (or a) fight against an open enemy can be secured, but clear insight into one's own mystery is more difficult and more true."

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. As an OCR system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

C-CF 4 repartidero 2 this decided wanted to come nello York 7 on and the car done

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text.

Transcript of the text:

Dear Capt Ruppelt,
Sorry I could not write sooner. Was quite busy and could not until today July 9, 1961

On the night of July 8, at 1:26 a.m. I saw a huge yellow object hovering slowly at about an 80 degree elevation approx over the area in approximately an east northeast direction. The object moved silently and was very bright, brighter than the surrounding stars and comparable in size to two moons. It was first sighted in a northwest direction and moved slowly toward the east northeast and disappeared over the horizon in that direction. 

It was observed for about three minutes. I am certain this was not any known aircraft or satellite. I could not determine the size or distance, but it was very large and seemed to be at high altitude. The night was perfectly clear with good visibility. Please advise if you have any information on this sighting. I would appreciate any comments you might have.

Sincerely,
Glen Spry 
New York

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report, possibly related to a UFO sighting or investigation.

Text from the document:

it was just sighted at a northeast down heading movement. The object appeared to be elliptical in shape and about the size of a small commercial airliner, traveling at a tremendous rate of speed without either lights or exhaust. It was sighted for approximately three to four seconds and then disappeared to the northeast.
Not to my knowledge do these were
sighting this object can't explain.
plans and this was flyouta high for
commercial aircraft

- page 9 -

The image appears to contain a sketch or diagram rather than a photograph. The sketch depicts a curved line with some handwritten notes near it.

CASE 8694263
GLEN SPRY, NEW YORK
7 JULY 1961

The object was described as circular in shape, about 30 feet in diameter, and silver or aluminum colored. It was observed to hover and then rapidly ascend and disappear. Estimated time of observation was 5-10 minutes. No other details were provided.

- page 10 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

Text from the document:

20 JUL 1961

SUBJECT: INCIDENT REPORT

Your letter dated 7 July 1961 to the Air Force concerning a sighting of a strange aerial object over your farm on 5 July 1961.

This letter is referred to this headquarters for a field investigation, evaluation, and analysis. Your description of the object and its flight patterns observed by you does not appear to be consistent with any known type of aircraft or with any astronomical or meteorological phenomena. Therefore, your observation could not be further identified or explained satisfactorily by this organization.

It is requested that you make any other witnesses of the object available so that their observations can also be obtained. This will assist in determining the nature and origin of the object.

SIGNED: M. ZIMAN/Lt Colonel, USAF
Director, Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
Deputy for Science
Investigations Division

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to collect information about unidentified aerial phenomena.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer every question that you can, even if the information is incomplete. This information will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
Hour
Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
City or Town
State or County
Additional remarks:
5. How long was object in sight?
Hours
Minutes
Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY
a. Bright
b. Cloudy
NIGHT
a. Bright
b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the right of you c. To your left d. Overhead e. Behind you

- page 12 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a detailed questionnaire or form with questions about the observer's sighting of an unidentified object.

The text in the document is as follows:

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One) a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't Know

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Divide up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Fade out of sight completely? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Windshield Yes No
c. Window glass Yes No
d. Other (specify):

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image shows a form with various questions and blank spaces for the witness to fill out their observations.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Bright white, round shape, no tail or exhaust

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A simple sketch is provided showing an oval/circular shape with an arrow indicating direction of movement.]

18. The edges of the object were:
a. Circle, sharp or fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Slowly Outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE OBJECT, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
[No drawing provided for this question, indicating there was only one observed object.]

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire with questions and space for handwritten responses.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, a "Y" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object, and measure how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

1/3 match-length

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

An elongated cylindrical object with a bright glow at the end, moving in a zig-zag or humming bird-like pattern across the sky.

- page 15 -

