PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
9 Aug 61

2. LOCATION
Point Pleasant, New Jersey

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1204 AM
GMT 17052

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Satellite moving SE.

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Satellite moving SE.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircroft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other Satellite
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Echo not area. Possible satellite, however, info not available to determine exactly which one. Since observer considered obj as satellite and obj moving in proper direction case is carried as satellite.


- page 1 -

Dear Sirs,

I reside in Point Pleasant N.J.

Today August 9, 1961 at 12:05 Am
I observed a satellite moving in
a South East direction. It is quite
bright. I have observed this
same satellite on other evenings at
times after midnight.

I was wondering since I see
it so after if you could take
this time to let me know what
kind of a Satellite it is and if
it is one of ours or their
thing. I am quite curious about
satellite & if you have the time
to give me the information I request
I would greatly appreciate it.

Sincerely,
[Signature area blacked out]
Point Pleasant N.J.

There are also two stamps on the document:
1. A NASA Mail stamp dated AUG 25 1961
2. A "NASA Defense" notation in the top right corner


- page 2 -

COPY

Dear Sirs,

I reside in Point Pleasant N. J. Today August 9, 1961 at 12:05 AM I observed a satellite moving in a South East Direction. It is quite bright. I have observed this same satellite on other evenings at times after midnight.

I was wondering since I see it so often if you could take the time to let me know what kind of a Satellite it is and if it is one of ours or theirs.

I am quite curious about this satellite and if you have the time to give me the information I request I would greatly appreciate it.

Sincerely
Point Pleasant N J

[The rest of the page contains handwritten numerical calculations and notes which are partially illegible, including coordinates and times.]


- page 3 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: FTD-E/Major Friend
SUBJECT: Suggested Answer to Request for Information (Mr. [redacted])

TO: Hq USAF (SAFOI-3c - Major Coleman)

Attached is a suggested answer to Mr. [redacted] which will obtain for
the Air Force information necessary to answer queries contained in
his letter.

EDWARD H. WINN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences
and Components

2 Atchs
1 Suggested Answer to Mr
2 Ltr fm Mr

Date stamp: 13 OCT 1961


- page 4 -

SUGGESTED ANSWER

SUBJECT: Request for Information (Mr. [redacted])

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

1. Regarding your request for information concerning your viewing of a satellite, your letter does not contain sufficient information to allow us to identify the object.

2. Satellites, due to their great heights, can be seen for great distances. A satellite seen from any specific location does not necessarily result in an easy identification for it is possible that more than one item can be seen from the location during a given period.

3. In order that the object which you sighted can be identified, it is requested that you forward the following information to us in the attached self-addressed envelope.

a. The direction and elevation of the object when first and last seen.

b. The time when first seen.

c. The duration of the sighting.

d. The direction in which the object was moving.

e. The appearance of the object:
(1) Color.
(2) Size.
(3) Tail or trail.
(4) Was it blinking or twinkling?

f. If possible, identify the stars or constellations which formed the background for the object's path.


- page 5 -

18 October 1961

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Your letter of August 15, 1961 to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration has been referred to the Air Force.

Your letter does not contain sufficient information to allow us to positively identify the exact point on August 9th. However, because of its visibility during this time period, it is possible that you were viewing the ECHO satellite.

In order that we may attempt identification it is requested that you return the following information in the attached pre-addressed envelope:

a. The direction and elevation of the object when first and last seen.
b. The time when first seen.
c. The duration of the sighting.
d. The direction in which the object was moving.
e. The appearance of the object:
   (1) Color:
   (2) Size (time held at arms length)...quarter at arms length.
   (3) Height.
   (4) Tail or trail, if any.
   (5) Did the object appear to blink or twinkle?
f. If possible, please identify the stars or constellations which formed the background for the object's PATH.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
UFO Project Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
Point Pleasant, New Jersey


- page 6 -

