PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
19 Nov 61

2. LOCATION
Mackinaw, Illinois

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual
☐ Air-Visual
☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3-4 min.

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Generally 5

9. COURSE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
2 men plowing field at night noticed bright light in SW. They stopped tractors to watch light and observed it to break into numerous other lights. These lights faded in and out with no apparent pattern. Cluster of lights moved from A3 P30° elevation 25° in a straight line to and elevation of 20° in the E. Lights just faded out of sight in distance. Duration 3-4 min.

11. COMMENTS
It is concluded that sighting resulted when a refueling mission occurred in Peoria Bear refueling sector. Patterns of lights described by witnesses was probably those of tanker. Direction of lights from A3 P30° parallels the course taken by UFO. No evidence available which indicates objects seen are interplanetary space vehicles or that they constitute threat to security of US.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☒ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other. Panda Bear refueling
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluating
☐ Unknown


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

- 3 -

I had both men trace out the apparent path and the path crossed the meridian at an elevation of about 30°. The path did not come any where near the zenith, as was originally indicated.

The lights apparently began their motion at the instant that the numerous lights appeared. The lights preserved their particular pattern and moved across the sky as a small, compact cluster that could easily have been covered by the thumbnail held at arms length. Appenzeller thought that he may have seen the light on the previous turn around the field, but he was not sure. Both men insisted that the bright light was there and stationary at least three or four minutes before it was seen to break up into smaller lights.

The breakup apparently was not explosive as indicated earlier but they appeared in a rather sudden fashion. I asked the men to think calmly about how long it took the cluster of lights across the sky to the disappearance point (the lights just faded out in the distance), and to write it down independently on slips of paper that I had provided them with.

When I opened the papers the result was 3 minutes and 4 minutes. Both men, incidentally, confirmed the fact the cluster of lights was trailed by an "itty bitty light" that differed from the others in size, apparently being more reddish, and which emitted sparks. Questioned about the sparks, said that there was just an occasional spark from the light, perhaps about 12 in all during the interval.

The gentlemen agreed thoroughly on the noise and no amount of coming back to the subject or attempting to trick them could shake them from the fact that the noise real and very easily audible after the tractors had been shut off. who had served with SACD as an engine mechanic, knows his planes and prided himself during his Air Force term of duty that he could recognize various types of planes at considerable distances by the sound of their motors. did not concentrate on the lights but on the sound and was attempting to turn over in his mind during the entire episode what type of engine it might be. He could identify no single engine. The noise resembled that of a diesel, of a pulsating jet, and of the rumble of thunder; he said a sound effects man might have produced it by shaking a large piece of tin.

The time of this sighting apparently is determined to plus or minus 5 minutes of 11:45 PM on November 20th (incidentally the date of the original report, November 19, is in error), the accuracy being ascribable to the fact that the boys had determined that they would not


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

- 4 -

work past midnight and had been watching their watches rather closely and were getting ready to call it a night. After the apparition the boys sat around in the field finishing their cigarettes and discussing what they would have done had the thing landed in the field and had they been invited to take a ride!

The next day, in the course of their official duties, they discussed it with their fellow airmen, getting a considerable amount of razzing, the story finally coming to the ears of Capt. Pilon. He had the men report this then through official channels. He personally was at first tempted to dismiss the whole thing but felt that it was safer to have the thing on record and officially recorded lest something should come of it later. (Good bye). On that very day, November 21, the chap said that he had been lying in bed the previous night about that time and heard what he thought at first was a diesel train coming up the rarely-used spur track that passes about 1/8 of a mile from his home. Both he and his wife apparently heard the noise, which puzzled them, because the train never seemed to arrive at the house and to pass by as is the wont of trains that travel on tracks that pass by people's houses. He did not get out of bed to investigate (serious lack of scientific curiosity). Also on November 21, another farmer who had been helping one had taken his very fancy tractor to farm during the course of which procedure, it broke down. When the three were hovering over the tractor in an attempt to find out the trouble, the incident of the previous evening was apparently recalled just briefly, whereupon exclaimed something about that he had seen the same thing, before the other two boys were able to go into any details. They did not discuss the matter further because they quickly turned to discussing the mechanical misbehavior of the tractor and to disassemble a portion thereof. Incidentally, is located six to eight miles from the field in question. Another piece of incidental intelligence, Capt. is long-time employee of the Caterpillar Tractor Company and he knows personally the writer of the Alexander Botts stories of Earthworm Tractor fame in the Saturday Evening Post. Upson, I believe the name is, found writing the Alexander Botts stories so profitable that he quit his job at Caterpillar Tractor Company, and became a professional writer.

After we had finished with the inspection of the field, we all called upon Mr.


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

- 5 -

who lives approximately 3 or 4 miles from the field. On that night of November 20, at some undetermined time, but definitely prior to 11 o'clock, and most probably between 10 and 10:30, [redacted] has been coming back from town and as he walked into his farmhouse, he looked up and saw what he took to be a low-flying plane with a row square lights like compartment windows. He associated no noise with the sighting. He walked unhurriedly into the house and called to his wife to ask whether she [redacted] cared to see a flying saucer. They both looked out the kitchen window (and I did too later) and saw this object proceeding at a vague clip. [redacted] is certainly no observer but he has a disarming honesty about his vagueness. He just didn't know anything other than he had seen some lights, a low-flying [redacted] aircraft, and no noise and he wasn't even sure of directions until I had to identify for him. As close as we can get, the craft was moving from south to north, and disappeared from [redacted] view in his northwest quadrant. [redacted] is a paragon of negative curiosity and a good 20 minutes questioning yielded only a few crumbs, but well-repeated [redacted] crumbs, of basic information.

Bidding good-bye to [redacted] shortly thereafter to [redacted] and I proceeded back to the headquarters of the Squadron and I thereupon/the Captain and Sam to have lunch with me at the airport. After lunch I bid both these gentlemen good-bye and reported in to the ticket desk only to find that my flight had been cancelled and that the next one left some four hours later. I retired to the nursery to sleep. I have now awakened from my nap and this is being dictated in the nursery of the greater Peoria airport. It is yet one and a half hours to flight time.

Suggested solution: During the entire course of interrogation, two things kept coming to mind: One is that the white light originally described tallied so closely with a landing light and; Second, that the close cluster of lights likewise tallied with the sighting of my own about 1950 from the balcony of the Perkins Observatory. There I had turned a 6-inch telescope on to the apparition and studied the arrangement of lights quite closely. There were some 8 lights arranged in clusters formation [redacted] that somehow reminded me of a small Christmas tree making a stately cruise of the sky. This later turned out to be, after a great deal of questioning and a great many no's and denials that anybody knew anything, turned out to be a KC-97 tanker. A tanker of this sort has, I understand, a large boom light and


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

- 6 -

during refueling operations every light on the plane is on full blast. At the close of our first morning session, before we repaired to the field, I had pointed out this resemblance to Capt. and asked whether there were any tanker runs in the area. Capt. said that KC-97's ane on the way out, but that there were two of them based at O'Hare and that conceivably they might have come down this way. pointed out that he saw no navigation lights and that both this, and the fact that they had seen it stationary for so long, did not jibe with the tanker interpretation.

Nonetheless, when and I returned to the squadron base after our interview with had been doing some investigating of his own and had found that there was a tanker run called Panda Bear that operated between Indianapolis, Kansas City, DeMoines and Springfield, and that the shaded portion of the run shown on the map lay squarely over Mackinack. It now remains to determine whether on the night of November 20th there was indeed a tanker run in progress.

The case as one might reconstruct it on a tanker hypothesis follows: the tanker was making circular runs of very large radius, as I used to observe in the Columbus area, near Lockborne Air Force Base. may have seen the boom light, which is reported to be/large, bright, white light on one of his swings around the field. On his next swing around, he may have noted the tanker on a straight line run nearly parallel to his line of sight. From the stated that he had seen the small light trailing. This would presumably be the jet on the stern chase, closing in for contact with the boom.

The breaking up into several lights could very well arise from the fact that although originally resolved they were lost in the glare of the white light until the plane came close enough so the/angular separation of the lights was sufficient to allow the lights to be visible despite the bright, white light. This would give the appearance of their suddenly having come into view. The noise could be explained by being the composite noise of the reciprocating engines of the KC-97 and the noise of its jet motor. Combined, these two sounds would make identification with any one type of aircraft a bit difficult! There is nothing in the remainder of the flight that would run counter to this interpretation other than the salient fact that no navigation lights were noted by However, assuming that had seen the same plane an hour or so earlier (it was quite


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

- 7 -

usual for the Lockborne tanker to circle about for at least an hour) then this can be cleared up also, because and his wife both felt certain, either rather insistent recall, that there had been colored lights on the plane, on the craft, and they must have been red and green, because if they had been anything else they would have noticed it! If we use this highly unspecific intelligence information for all its worth, we can make out a case for the plane having had navigation lights and that and were so intent on the unusual formation of the rest of the lights that they failed to notice lights that were normal and which they would not have considered at all unusual, or that the tanker had momentarily flipped out its navigation lights in favor of the other bright lights.

From my own experience, I can attest that the tanker lights that I saw were so bright and claimed attention so much that at present I cannot recall whether I also saw navigation lights. It is my best belief that I did not. Indeed, if I had, I would not have remained puzzled as long as I did by the apparition. Likewise, the jet should have had navigation lights and these were not reported.

The suggested solution is therefore by no means airtight, but, as a solution, depends crucially upon whether there was a tanker formation in the area at that time on that night.

If so, then we must assure that either the navigational lights were out or went unnoticed.

If this proves to have been a tanker, it will serve as an excellent example of how an unusual but quite natural phenomenon can remain a UFO for a long while, sometimes permanently unless adequately investigated as soon as possible.

That is all!!!!!


- page 6 -

169th Tactical Fighter Squadron (SD)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
2323 S. Airport Road
Peoria, Illinois

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: Intelligence Section                                                24 Nov 1961
SUBJECT: UFO Report Check List

TO: Personnel Concerned

The following report is submitted in accordance with AFR 200-2, dated 2 Feb 60:

A. Description of The Object(s):
   (1) Shape: BRIGHT LIGHT, CIRCULAR
   (2) Size Compared To Known Objects: NICKEL
   (3) Color: YELLOW & WHITE
   (4) Number: ONE, BUT BROKE UP INTO SEVERAL - 12 OR MORE
   (5) Formation If More Than One: AFTER BREAK-UP, ROUGHLY CIRCULAR WITH
       ONE SMALL LIGHT TRAILING AT SAME SPEED
   (6) Any Discernable Features Or Details? THE LIGHTS FLICKERED IN AN ODD
       SEQUENCE AND THE TRAILING LIGHT EMITTED SPARKS
   (7) Tail, Trail, Or Exhaust, Including Size Of Same Compared To Size Of
       Object: SPARKS ONLY FROM TRAILING LIGHT
   (8) Sound, If Heard, Describe Sound: NOT UNLIKE JET SOUND BUT VERY LOW
       PITCHED AND RUMBLING
   (9) Other Pertinent Or Unusual Features: WHEN FIRST SIGHTED THE OBJECT
       WAS STATIONARY AND MADE NO SOUND. SOUND STARTED WHEN OBJECT BROKE UP.

B. Description Of Course Of Object(s):
   (1) What First Called The Attention Of Observer(s) To The Object(s)?
        SEVERAL S.W. AND S.E. OF THEIR HOME, FLYING
        A FIELD AT NIGHT NEAR THEIR HOME. PRIOR TO RETURNING HOME
        ASKED WHAT THIS BRIGHT OBJECT S.W. OF THEIR POSITION WAS?
        THOUGHT IT WAS THE PLANET VENUS. AS THEY DISCUSSED IT THE OBJECT BROKE
        SUDDENLY INTO A DOZEN OR MORE LIGHTS WHICH MOVED AS A UNIT EASTWARD
   (2) Angle Or Elevation And Azimuth Of Object(s) When First Observed:
        APPROX 20,000 FEET AT AN ANGLE OF 40-60 DEG ELEVATION S.W. OF THEIR POSITION
   (3) Angle Or Elevation And Azimuth Of Object(s) Upon Disappearance:
        20 DEG ELEVATION E.S.E. OF THEIR POSITION


- page 7 -

(4) Discrepation Of Flight Path And Maneuvers Of Object(s): STRAIGHT AND LEVEL AT HIGH SPEED

(5) How Did The Object(s) Disappear: STRAIGHT OUT OF VISIBLE RANGE

(6) How Long Was The Object(s) Visible: FOUR TO FIVE MINUTES

C. Manner Of Observation:
(1) How Was The Object(s) Observed: NAKED EYE
(2) Statement As to Optical Aides: NONE
(3) If Sighting Was Made From An Aircraft Note The Following:
a. Type A/C: N/A
b. Identification Number: N/A
c. Altitude: N/A
d. Heading: N/A
e. Speed: N/A
f. Home Station: N/A

D. Time And Date Of Sighting:
(1) Zulu Time/Date Group Of Sighting: 200545Z
(2) Light Conditions: CLEAR SKY, BRIGHT MOON

E. Location Of Observer(s): FOUR MILE N. AND ONE MILE S. OF MACKINAW, ILLINOIS

F. Identifying Information On Observer(s):
(1) Military - Name: [redacted]
    Grade: SSgt
    Organization: 169th TRS
    Duty: JET ENGINES MECHANIC
    Estimate Of Reliability: VERY GOOD

(2) Military - Name: [redacted]
    Grade: A2C
    Organization: 169th TRS
    Duty: JET ENGINES MECHANIC
    Estimate Of Reliability: VERY GOOD

G. Weather & Wind-Aloft Conditions At The Time And Place Of Sighting:
(1) Observer(s) Account Of Weather Condition: CALM

H. Any Other Unusual Activity Or Condition Meteorological, Astronomical Or Otherwise: NONE

I. Positive Indicia & Comments Of The Preparing Officer: AS SGN BY OFFICER I INTERVIEWED BOTH OBSERVERS AND THEIR STORIES COINCIDED AND THEY STATE ANOTHER PAPER IN THE AREA MADE THE SAME OBSERVATION I FEEL NEITHER OF THESE MEN THIS PERSON TO FABRICATE A STORY.


- page 8 -

J. Evidence of Physical Evidence: NONE

Preparing Officer's Signature: Ronald L. Pilon
Capt, USAF
Air Targets Officer


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

O Fort Ritchie
Central Plann. office

DRP 155

355-AR al 2345 local
re repuly to NOV NCI Mackinaw SE Penna
Klaber was added Panda Bearer

Nothing up on 20th from Sac at 34th ACS
Maj Jameson Command Post

Sgt EDGETT                 Direct Turn away

7 new Dep Leader MIKE         Reporting

J wlungh[?] command post - 7464 Trinity
Capt Barker Dept 261   Brookside 208 Carlisle

21 0545 8


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

JOINT MESSAGEFORM

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED

13 DEC 61 15 54x

PRECEDENCE: ACTION ROUTINE
TYPE MSG: (Check) MULTI SINGLE
ACCOUNTING SYMBOL: AF

FROM: PTD WPAFB O
TO: 2ND AF BARKSDALE AFB LA RJEBKF
     8TH AF WESTOVER AFB MASS RJEXO1H3

UNCLASSIFIED TD-E

REQUEST A CHECK OF ALL REFUELING SQUADRONS' WEEKLY OPERATIONAL RECORDS TO DETERMINE POSSIBLE USE OF PANDA BEAR SECTOR AT 0545Z ON 21 NOV 61. SEND FINAL REPORT TO HQ PTD ATTN TD-E MAJOR FRIEND AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.

TYPED NAME AND TITLE: Major Robert J. Friend
PHONE: 69216

SIGNATURE: (Signature of Edward H. Wynn, Colonel, USAF, Dep/Technologies & Subsystems)

DD, FORM 173, MAY 58 (REPLACES DO FORM 173, 1 OCT 49, WHICH WILL BE USED UNTIL EXHAUSTED)

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

22 DEC 61 12 59a

UNCLAS NOTE 7570 FORM FTG, ATTN: TD-E MAJOR FRIEND.

IN REPLY TO YOUR MESSAGE TIME 19-16-196, 13 DEC 61, REGARDING PATROL USE OF PANDA BEAR SECTOR AT 29A52 ON 21 DEC 61, A NEGATIVE REPORT IS SUBMITTED.

22 DEC 61 NOTING

There are also some handwritten notes in the top right corner that appear to read: 1 E(WFO) 3/4 x2a


- page 12 -

A REPORT OF THE VISIT TO PEORIA ILLINOIS ON SUNDAY DECEMBER 10, 1961

To Check into the UFO sighting of November 20, 1961.
in question

The sighting/was reported through to the Aerial Phenomenon Division by Capt. Ronald
L. Pilon, Intelligence Officer of the 169th Tactical Fighter Squadron, 2323 Airport Road,
Peoria, Illinois. To check into the facts of this case in accordance with our policy to
have such facts by direct interview as soon as possible after the sighting, I visited Peoria,
Illinois on Sunday, December 10, 1961, arriving Peoria at 8:30 AM. I was met by Capt. Pilon,
who had arranged a meeting at 10:00 AM in his office of all the principals. Prior to the
meeting, we discussed the points of this case as they had been reported to him. These were
essentially the same as those reported by him through official channels.

A summary of the details obtained by direct questioning of (1) Mr. [redacted] (Engine
Mechanic attached to the Fighter Squadron), (2) [redacted] (also attached to the squadron) and (4) Mr. [redacted] (farmer in the area who, with his
wife, claimed has seen 'the same thing independently'. Mr. [redacted] was unable to come to
the general meeting so we sought him out after the meeting and after [redacted]
and I visited the [redacted] of the sighting, some 20 miles from the place of our
meeting).

The principal witnesses were [redacted] is a recently
married, young man whose father owns the a 900 acre farm in Mackinaw, Illinois. [redacted] The
father is retired and young [redacted] is running it - very much the prosperous young farmer.

The farm buildings were in fine condition and sported one of the fanciest silos I have ever
seen. In the midst of this prosperity, the 169th Tactical Fighter Squadron, an Illinois
Air National Guard Outfit apparently, was activated in the recent crisis, necessitating
leaving a lot of farm work undone. In an attempt to meet his own crisis, Appenzeller is
trying to do quite a bit of the farm work at night. The [redacted] apparently have
a very fine summer home in Northern Wisconsin and had invited on occasion to
visit them. Because of this obligation, [redacted] was also helping with the farm work,
although he has no connection with it. He is a printer by trade, age 25. On the night of
November 20th, we find these gentlemen plowing this field from 6:00 PM with the intention of


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

- 2 -

ready for spring planting. Two tractors were employed was in the lead tractor with following a safe distance behind. It had started out overcast, but about 9:30 or 10:00 the clouds cleared away and the moonlight was then sufficient to/their plowing by. The tractors had lights nonetheless. One starts plowing a field apparently by starting in one end and going around in ever decreasing "circles" until you end at the middle. They were well inward the center of the field where in the lead, noticed a bright light in the southwest. I took pictures later of the area of the sky and the telephone poles used as marker sighters from the approximate position the tractors had at the time of the sighting following behind saw stop his tractor and pulled up alongside. This operation taking, apparently, less than a minute. With tractor engines still going shouted over to calling his attention to the bright light. had pulled over to the left of which caused him to have to look over his shoulder to see the light. Both agreed that the light was stationary, exceedingly bright and white. looked and turned around and called back to say that that was undoubtedly Venus. told me that ever since a child he had had an interest in astronomy and on hiking trips waking up early in the morning he would see Venus in the sky. And so he was quite sure (willing to bet money) that this was Venus. At this point they shut down the tractors and lit a cigarette. They are not absolutely certain they lit a cigarette at this time but they found themselves with x cigarettes after the sighting was over, so presumably lighted them just about that time. had just looked again at the white light, turned back to and in a short instant looked back toward the light. In that short interval the light had broken up into numerous (8 to a dozen) they couldn't agree) other white lights, clustering about the main white light. These lights faded in and out with no apparent periodicity or pattern. They did not ever go completely out but while one dimmed and brightened three or four times another one might have dimmed only once. The lights were clustered close together and indicated that in the spaces between the lights there would have been only enough room to fit at most one other light. This cluster of lights then moved from an elevation of about 35° and azimuth 230, in essentially a straight line to an elevation of about 20° almost directly in the east.


- page 14 -

