The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings as part of Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 27 Oct 61
2. DATE-TIME GROUP 1730L
3. LOCATION West Florence, Ohio
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS 0 Yes
6. VIDEO None
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 2-3 mins
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
9. COURSE Straight line, horizontal
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING Flashing ground-to-blue/white sky, changed directions, hovered, then accelerated and disappeared.
11. COMMENTS Description of a brightly flashing light or object, possibly an unidentified flying object.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image shows a handwritten document that appears to be part of a Project Blue Book UFO report.

Transcribed text from the document:

10-23-51
Occurrence 
1520 RADAR ALERT
at 1520 - 6 minutes duration
Visual observation of large silver object with red lights on it after
radar detection. Object was approximately 40 feet in diameter andnot more than a mile and a quarter from observers. 
The object was at an altitude of about 3000 feet. No noise heard 
during observation. Object headed southwest and disappeared from
sight about 11 o'clock.

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a diagram or illustration from a Project Blue Book UFO report. The diagram shows a hemispherical view of the sky with various time markings and angles indicated. There are no identifiable human figures or faces present in the image.

Transcribing the text from the document:

90° Zenith
10:45 PM
30 SEC.
1 MIN.
180 S
135 SE
90 E
45 NE
225 SW
270 NW
315 NW
(EXAMPLE SHEET)

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with text and some redacted sections.

Caller:  West Florence

West: Carlton

Visited for 45 mins.

red round white - marked eye - of cabin

illumination around - thin smoke

4:15 a.m.

First seen at 6:45 p.m. - 8:45 p.m.

Witness 1: - West Florence 

Witness 2: - West Florence

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer these questions as you possibly can. The information on this form will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your written consent. For further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 7:35 Hour A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Address Nearest Postal Address, City or Town, State or Country
Additional remarks:
5. How long was object in sight? Hours Minutes Seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY NIGHT
a. Bright b. Bright
c. Cloudy d. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the right of you c. To your left d. Behind you e. Overhead f. Don't remember
ATIC Form 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, featuring a questionnaire or survey with various multiple-choice questions about the witness's observations of the object they saw.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None 
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared: 
(Circle One):
a. As a light
b. Shiny
c. Dark 
d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star?
Yes, much brighter

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No
b. Suddenly speed up and away at any time? Yes / No
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No
e. Change brightness? Yes / No
f. Change shape? Yes / No
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know

14. Did the object appear:
(Circle One): a. Solid / b. Transparent / c. Vapor

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
(Circle all that apply):
a. Eyeglasses / b. Sun glasses / c. Windshield / d. Window glass
e. Binoculars / f. Telescope / g. Theodolite / h. Other

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to a UFO report.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound - None
b. Color - Near white green

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include all the details that you saw, such as wings, projections, etc. and especially the direction the object was moving. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[There is a hand-drawn sketch showing an oval-shaped object with a label that says "spinning top".]

18. The edges of the object were:
a. (Circle One): Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were moving.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only a handwritten report form. 

Text transcription:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" on the path, a "R" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

45 west stat rest

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

more of same size

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object. If you had performed this earlier, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

Little metal darn it

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

yes

24. In order that you can give me as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance.

165 don't look at the ring

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce all the text found in the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section
b. In the residential section
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Neighborinp resident at Riegletown noticed it

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest

28.2 What was your speed? (Miles per hour)

28.3 Did you see any time while you were looking at the object?
Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest 

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon.
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One) WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Clear sky a. Sunny
b. Hazy b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Capt. D

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) YES No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? 
(Circle One) YES No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) YES No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see others?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
mind see not as f-cly

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting. The text on the form asks questions about the speed and distance of the observed object, as well as personal information about the observer.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
40. Do you think you can estimate how far away the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
41. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: [redacted]
42. Have you completed this questionnaire: Day 27 Month 9? Year

- page 11 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. The document appears to be a special order from the Fifteenth Air Force (SAC) Headquarters dated 11 September 1961.

HEADQUARTERS
FIFTEENTH AIR FORCE (SAC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE  
March Air Force Base, California

SPECIAL ORDER
A-299

1. SSGT DAVID N MOODY, ARI9549897 (CHAPSC 20450), this assignment: Relieved from 13 September 1961 TSGT, this assignment (SSGT, this assignment), and assigned Hq Foreign Tech Div, (Hq Comd USAF), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio. Effective: 15 September 1961. REMARKS: Less than 4 yrs commissioned service this assignment. Change assignment Card 4436-1, AFS 35-11.

2. So much of paragraph 3 to A-242, this Hq, 11 Jul 61, pertaining to SSGT DAVID N MOODY, 19549897 (CHAPSC 20450), as relates to JOIN W WALL, A0699942, only, is revoked. (Officer Date of Rank: 5 August 1946.)

FOR THE COMMANDER:

OFFICIAL:
CHARLIE LAWYER 
Colonel, USAF
Director of Administrative Services

DISTRIBUTION:
A (4) - Paragraph 1
A (2) - Paragraph 2
(15 copies to DPMP)

A-299

- page 12 -

