PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
25 Aug 61

2. LOCATION
Wilmington, Delaware

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2000
GMT 260100Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
[X] No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
SW

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Obj w/red dot detached fm it. Looked a little larger than Venus. Exploded into pieces.

11. COMMENTS DESCRIPTION OF OBJ
Obj similar to balloons. Sighted. Obj's which were determined to be balloons. Smoke reported was probably due to condensation formed when it burst. Present of light is to be expected when balloon is generally between witnesses and sun. Sun had set but due to height of balloon it was probably still in sunlight. Red light was probably the anti-collision light which is put on balloons after sunset.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
[X] Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
[X] Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
25      August      1961      WAMS Radio Station, Wilm., Del.
Day     Month       Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Silverside Hgts.
Wilm., 2, Del.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I don't know what the
object could have been.
If you can identify it
you are please do so.


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repost information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: September 30, 1961

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: Oct. 31, 1961

We were looking out of the bedroom window when I noticed a "bright star". I am interested in astronomy and the object looked unusual. We ran outside and looked at it with binoculars. Its light looked very different. We put my six-inch reflecting telescope out and put in a 40x (forty power) eyepiece. According to my notes, little distortion, and the object was still watching the object as the light did not seem to be moving. [Last line partially illegible]


- page 3 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?_________________

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?_________________

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]

ADDRESS: Silverside Hgts, Wilmington 3, Delaware
Street       City     Zone   State

TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]

Age 13   Sex Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
[partially redacted text]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:   30   September   1961
                                            Day    Month     Year


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

a.) the object had moved while we was
inside the house. When we looked through
the telescope, the object had stopped moving
and we saw a round white object with an
orange crescent on the left side and a red dot.
Through the telescope we observed it at
a distance down and turned around. Since the
object was really on the right and was prob-
ably caused by the night vision. The other things slow-
ly in the diagram were not seen by us or else
we are not sure. After we looked at the
first a little I took some pictures that did not
turn out so as to the fact that the object wasn't
bright enough and that outside light also was
in the telescope. After I took my last picture I looked
in the telescope and was surprised to see the
object had almost vanished. After looking more closely we almost
saw pieces gradually fade away - after ten to
fifteen minutes. Soon after we climbed over
the scene (rather where it had been).

P.S. - [redacted text] did see the light explode
without the telescope.


- page 5 -

Riverside Heights
Wilmington 9, Del.
April 8, 1963

Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

About a year and a half ago I reported seeing a white, pretty transparent globe with a red hot nice at through my six inch reflecting telescope. It appeared to the naked eye as a star, although it wasn't dark enough to see stars yet. It was above the clouds which were being blown across the sky. This was the night of the August 25, 1961 lunar eclipse. I filled out one of your forms and mailed it back. If you still have the records, I would like to know your evaluation. Although I have never seen another balloon through a telescope, this might not have been my result in the sky at the time. As you probably can find out if a balloon could have caused what I saw, I would like to find out what it was since a balloon is the only explanation I know - that would fit.

* I was taking a picture with my camera - which doesn't have


- page 6 -

time reference and then I obtained my picture - when the object apparently exploded. I say this because when I was looking in the telescope, I saw the glittering sparkles which were just part of the formerly round object, and also some smoke."

(My brother and friend say that they saw the object "explode" with their naked eyes.)

I am writing my ninth-grade theme on flying saucers and I would like to get one of your questionnaires if you will please send me one. I would like to display it as part of other investigative project. Thank you.

* perhaps I should say unidentified flying object instead of saucer.

Sincerely yours,


- page 7 -

COPY

Silverside Heights
Wilmington 9, Del.
April 8, 1963

Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

About a year and a half ago I reported seeing a white, partly transparent globe with a red dot near it through my six inch reflecting telescope. It appeared to be naked eye as a star, although it wasn't dark enough to see stars yet. It was above the clouds which were being blown across the sky. This was the night of the August 25, 1961, lunar eclipse. I filled out one of your forms and mailed it back. If you still have those records, I would like to know your evaluation. Although I have never seen a weather balloon through a telescope, there might not have been any visible in the sky at the time. As you probably can find out if a balloon could have caused what I saw, I would like to find out what it was since a balloon is the only explanation I know that would fit.

* I was taking a picture with my camera-which doesn't have

2nd page
time exposure and thus I obtained no picture- when the object apparently exploded. I say this because when I next looked into the telescope, I saw the glittering specks, which, I suppose, were part of the formerly round object, and also some "smoke."
(My brother and a friend say that they saw the object "explode" with their naked eyes.)

I am writing my ninth-grade theme on flying saucers and I would like to get one of your questionnaires if you will please send me one - I would like to display it as part of the Air Force saucer * investigation project. Thank you.

* perhaps I should say unidentified flying object instead of saucer.

Sincerely yours,
(s)

COPY


- page 8 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDE
SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information                                   11 April 1963

TO: Hq USAF SAF-OI 3b (Major Hart)
    Wash 25 DC

1. Reference the attached letter from _______ requesting information on unidentified flying objects. This letter is forwarded to your office for whatever action you deem necessary.

2. The evaluation of Mr. _______ 's sighting was made possible due to the completeness of his report. A photo of a radiosonde weather balloon similar to that sighted is attached to be forwarded with your reply.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
ERIC T. JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

2 Atch
1. Ltr fm J.M. 
    dtd 11 Apr 63.
2. Photo of Radiosonde
    Balloon.


- page 9 -

April 19, 1963

Dear Mr.

The evaluation of your sighting was made possible due to the completeness of your report. A photo of a radiosonde weather balloon similar to that sighted is attached for your information and reports.

Other valuable information is also enclosed, including the official reporting form 164.

Your interest is appreciated.

Sincerely,

C. R. HART
Major, USAF
Public Information Div
Office of Information


- page 10 -

Silverside Hgts.
Wilmington 3, Del.
September 8, 1961

Project Bluebook
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

We would like to report the sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object.
On the night of Friday, August 25, 1961, at about 8:00 P. M. EDT, we sighted
a bright object in the West-Northwest section of the sky. It was a little
bit lower in altitude than Arcturus was and it was about 3 or 4 times the
difference in altitude, of the two bodies, to the west. (Since it was too
light for Arcturus to be easily seen, the position of Arcturus is approximate.)
It looked like a bubble with a orange crescent (Probably the reflection
of the sun).

The preceding paragraph described the object as seen through a 6"
reflecting telescope at 40 power. All of the following was observed the
same way unless otherwise stated.

At about 8:07 P. M. it exploded. Without visual aid, "the object seemed
to explode, shooting out into many pieces, making a small amount of what
appeared to be smoke. The exploded objects (with the naked eye) appeared to
be still. They gradually faded out and were invisible after about 10 minutes.
The explosion itself was not seen through the telescope as we were
trying to take a picture through the telescope at the time.

If it is possible for you to give us a positive explanation of this,
please do so.

Very truly yours,

P. S. The pictures did not
turn out due to insufficient
light.


- page 11 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TD-E/Major Friend

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting (Messrs Blackiston and Fields)

13 SEP 1961

TO: SAFOI-3c (Major Coleman)

1. Messrs [redacted] and [redacted] of [redacted], Silverside Heights, Wilmington 3, Delaware, reported to FTD by letter a UFO sighting which they experienced on 25 August 1961.

2. The letter from Messrs [redacted] does not contain sufficient information to allow successful analysis.

3. It is requested that two (2) ATIC Forms 164 be forwarded to these gentlemen with instructions that they be completed indigenously.

[Signature]
EDWARD H. MANN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page]
Julie -
Blank Questionnaire
to the above -


- page 12 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
25 August 1961
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 9 00
           Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Wilmington 3, Delaware
City or Town    State or Country

5. How long was object in sight?
0 20 00
Hours  Minutes  Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT Twilight
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

It was just west of our right

ATIC FORM 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. Star b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember
with out telescope

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? Yes

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes (No) Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes (No) Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes (No) Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes (No) Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
I moved behind: Clouds

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No)
c. Windshield Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No)

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Shiny white, red at its front, orange crescent

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Handwritten sketches of an object before and after an "explosion" with notes like "Slow moving?", "Red Dot?", "Bright White", "Orange Crescent", "After Explosion", "Bright pieces", "Smoke"]

18. The edges of the object were: with telescope
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Handwritten note: "Drawing of #17 explain this..."]

Page 3 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[Handwritten note below the diagram] This object was seen in different locations which makes us think it was moving

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar? It looked a little larger than some crescent incandescent piece.

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? We are not sure, but probably all of it would have been covered. (looking to the sky again)

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes, it exploded into pieces, just gradually.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Left side response] I believe it could have been a balloon except for the red dot and that the exploded piece did not look like a balloon. Also the way it could move and go up and down.

[Right side response] It looked like a circular white object with a small red dot next to it. There was some change, unsure on the details.


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other: suburbs

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
We were looking out the window and we noticed the the object in the sky

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast

c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast

c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast

c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 232° degrees.
b. From horizon 47½ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 229° degrees.
b. From horizon 47½ degrees.


- page 17 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 18 -

