PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
12 Sep 61

2. LOCATION
Chicago, Illinois

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1200 CDT
GMT 121700Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
■ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
N

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Medium dark obj, tan or cocoa color. Size of car. Viewed looking E through window.

11. COMMENTS
Info given by witness is not sufficient for evaluation. Could have been a cloud. Only 1 witness. Case listed as insufficient data.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
■ Other
■ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: It had sort of a humming sound of any motor
b. Color: Tan - or light color, brown

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with annotations "Could be exhaust" and labels "Back" and "Front"]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
             b. Like a bright star
             c. Sharply outlined
             d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ONE OBJECT ONLY
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
As large and not as far for 4 passengers

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
Yes, it flew, in a north direction

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other Three park window

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near on airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I happened to be in my kitchen and I looked out of the window

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South                g. West
b. Northeast             d. Southeast            f. Southwest            h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ________________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
Yes                     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South                g. West
b. Northeast             d. Southeast            f. Southwest            h. Northwest
                                                                        i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South                g. West
b. Northeast             d. Southeast            f. Southwest            h. Northwest
                                                                        i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day SEP Month NOV Year 1961

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?


- page 5 -

FORM DS-879
7-16-59

DEPARTMENT OF STATE
Division of Language Services

LS No. 25044
T-24/T-9

TRANSLATOR'S SUMMARY OF COMMUNICATION

Language:                 Polish
Date of Communication:    Postmarked September 14, 1961
Addressed to:             The President
Name and address of writer: [Redacted]

Substance of writer's statement: The writer states that she saw an airplane which flew in the air without wings and wheels and without noise.


- page 6 -

Date: 14 September

Seemingly Presidewee

[Several lines of handwritten text are partially obscured or illegible due to black markings]

The text appears to be a handwritten document on lined paper, with some portions deliberately blacked out or redacted. The handwriting is cursive and somewhat difficult to fully decipher due to the redactions.


- page 7 -

The text on the image reads:

The President of the
United States
Washington, D.C.

There is also a postmark from Chicago dated SEP 16 1961 and a US postage stamp.


- page 8 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

3 October 1961

Dear Mr

Your letter of September 14th addressed to the President
of the United States has been referred to this office.

Your interest in describing the object you saw is appreciated.
I have enclosed a questionnaire, which you may fill out in order
to provide us with more information. You may mail the completed
questionnaire in the enclosed pre-addressed envelope.

Sincerely,
WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
UFO Project Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information


- page 9 -

The text I can read on this document is:

57 N 8356+

There is a large black redaction/censorship mark across the top portion of the document. The rest of the page appears to be blank or very faint.


- page 10 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement, conclusion, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
12 SEPT 1961
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day:
AROUND NOON
Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
CHICAGO      ILL
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or Country

Additional remarks: x was photographic my back porch

5. How long was object in sight?
                Hours   1   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
     a. Certain        c. Not very sure
     b. Fairly certain d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY
a. Bright    NIGHT
b. Cloudy    a. Bright
             b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164
FEB 60     This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses    Yes   No
c. Windshield     Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars     Yes   No
f. Telescope      Yes   No
g. Theodolite     Yes   No
h. Other          Yes   No


- page 12 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember - pitch dark

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes (No) Don't Know
Yes (No) Don't Know
Yes (No) Don't Know
Yes (No) Don't Know
Yes (No) Don't Know
Yes (No) Don't Know
Yes (No) Don't Know
Yes (No) Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No)
c. Windshield Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No)

e. Binoculars Yes (No)
f. Telescope Yes (No)
g. Theodolite Yes (No)
h. Other Yes (No)


- page 13 -

