PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
24 Sep 61

2. LOCATION
Succasunna, New Jersey

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2000

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual ☑
☐ Air-Visual     ☐ Ground-Radar    ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. GMT
2000388Z

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
W

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Solid obj as light giving off smoke. Bluish-green with tail, fuzzy turning car.

11. COMMENTS
Observation was all characteristics of fireball observation.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☒ Was Astronomical METEOR
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Date fields partially filled but mostly illegible]
my friend

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes (No)

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Blank]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
I answered my sister after I sent her letter. My friend and I saw three lights flying in formation.

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I think it might have been a flying saucer because I read a book that told about UFCs that looked just like the one I saw


- page 3 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? only know it was much faster than a plane

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Succasunna City Zone 7 State NJ

TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]

Age 15   Sex Boy

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [partially illegible, appears to be a date in 1961]
Day       Month       Year


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: November 2, 1961

About a week after a visit with my sister and my brother-in-law, we were sitting at home. It was later in the evening. We were standing in the front yard and when we looked up and saw three lights changing formation. They were moving at terrific speed. They kept changing formation. They slowed up then...

We watched them for about two

[Note: Some text is partially illegible or cut off at the bottom of the page]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

minutes. They finally went out of sight

I will keep the other form.

If you want me to fill it out write

to me and I will be glad to.

Page 10 is also noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 6 -

AF

Dear Sir:

On the night of October
24, at approximately 7:30 P.M.
a mysterious blush green light
appeared in the West. It was
traveling at terrific speed.

Please, don't think this
is a joke. if you want to
contact me. Call

Yours Truly,

P.S. I'm sure the object
was no plane because
but didn't make a noise, it had
a blush green tram 3. it went to fast.


- page 7 -

Succasunna, N.J.

Department of Defense
Office of Public Information
Washington 25, D.C.

(There is also a postmarked stamp and a 4-cent United States Postal Service stamp on the envelope)


- page 8 -

6 November 1961

Dear Mr.

With reference to your recent letter concerning an unidentified flying object, I am enclosing a questionnaire for your use. I have sent along in extra copy in the hopes that you may know someone else who might have also witnessed the sighting.

When you complete the questionnaire, please send it in the enclosed pre-addressed envelope, which requires no postage.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
UFO Information Project Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr.
Succasunna, New Jersey


- page 9 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed.

Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.

We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
25    Oct.    1961

2. Time of day: 7        P.M.
(Circle One)   Hour    Minutes   A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
                            b. Central
                            c. Mountain
                            d. Pacific
                            e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: Succasunna    New Jersey
City or Town           State or Country

Additional remarks: in my back yard

5. How long was object in sight?
Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain    c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright          c. Bright
b. Cloudy          c. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 (FEB 60 164)   This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
[Handwritten response appears to be "yes"]

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [blank]

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: [blank]

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses    Yes   No
c. Windshield     Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars     Yes   No
f. Telescope      Yes   No
g. Theodolite     Yes   No
h. Other: [handwritten text appears to say "army specs"]


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: no sound
b. Color: it was a cloud green light

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or Blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

The document also contains a hand-drawn sketch in Question 17, which shows a small object with a "vapor trail" arrow indicating its direction of movement.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
the size of a dime

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have covered the match?
most of it except for the outer edge
1/2 match

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
it was going away when it a great speed when it suddenly disappeared in a just signed back and went

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.
maybe a line but in color I don't know maybe a tungsten color

Page 4 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other_________________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other:_________________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text is partially illegible]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees.


- page 14 -

