PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
18 Apr 61

2. LOCATION
Eagle River, Wisconsin

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local    1100
GMT      18/1900Z Apr 61

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes (Pancake)

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
Object landed.

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object, shaped like 2 soup bowls together, as a round saucer configuration. Approx 30 ft in diameter and 12 ft. thick at center tapering to 1 ft. at rim. Brighter than chrome. Exhaust pipes 6" - 8" in diameter spaced 1 ft. apart. Landed and encounter with space people manned. Object caused severe air turbulence when departing. Sounded like snow tires on pavement, at high speed only louder. Jet like sound. Landed outside observer's window.

11. COMMENTS
Case received wide publicity through news media and saucer fans. Investigated by Air Force at scene and in the opinion of the investigators the witness was found to be a balanced person of good mental health and that he actually believes that the sequence of events really happened. However the inescapable conclusion with lack of supporting evidence tend to indicate that the witness suffered on hallucination followed with deviation.

12. CONCLUSIONS
(Various checkboxes, with "Hallucination" checked under "Other")

Notation at bottom: FOR ARCHIVE PHYSICAL SPECIMEN FILE


- page 1 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

tilted 45° and took off toward the south and disappeared in "a matter of seconds", or "two seconds", as he also said. As it took off, there was a considerable blast from the rear without smoke, however, which did shake his little pine tree, bending it severely although it came back to normal shortly thereafter. We examined the tree; there were some broken branches on it, but he stated that was not caused by the ship but had been caused by a snowplow some weeks previous.

After we had taken a number of pictures, and went over numerous points with ________ we invited him to dinner and headed into town. In the meantime renting a car from a garage so that we could look up the other people in the case. We had a rather lengthy dinner in which I attempted to draw him out on various topics. People passed the table frequently and he was greeted as though he were a very respected member of the community. I excused myself and went into the bar to strike up a conversation with people there, and both in that encounter and in many other casual conversations, it appeared that the town by and large believed him, although there were some rather voluble skeptics. I was advised to talk with his neighbor, a man named _______ who I was told could tell me quite a bit about _______ but since our time was extremely limited, I did not get to do this.

It _______ talked with Judge _______ and experienced great difficulty in being admitted to the house. Apparently the Judge thought he was from the Air Force and the Air Force appears to be strictly persona non grata among the flying saucer people around there. The Judge admitted membership in NICAP and his library had one long shelf devoted entirely to flying saucer books and other shelves were devoted to topics we generally regarded

3

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 2 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
R7C

gesture of salute and appreciation which gesture was returned by [redacted].

The weather was clear and the sun was shining brightly on the metallic surface. As far as noise was concerned, he stated that there was a continuous whining sound in the interior of the cabin and that the take-off did not involve any particular noise.

The only serious technical flaw in the story is the disappearance of the craft in "two seconds", or even "a few seconds." The rest of the story did not contain any outrages to physical concepts.

[Redacted] appeared quite sincere to me, did not appear to be the perpetrator of a hoax, but to attempt to determine whether he had a physical experience or a mental aberration places the matter in the realm of psychology.

As far as town reaction is concerned, it was evidently quite a high spot of conversation in the pre-tourist season for some time. The town certainly had something to talk about, the local bakery had a white-washed sign on its windows stating "Spaceship Cakes", and a local service station had a sign stating "Spaceships Serviced Here."

It was established that [redacted] not a reader of books, and probably did not have any preconceived notions as to UFO's, except that we do not know what previous contact he may have had with the Judge and how much the Judge may have told him of the flying saucer game. The Judge did say that when he talked with [redacted], who had asked for an appointment late in the evening, he had shown him numerous pictures of flying saucers in various books but in each case [redacted] said, "No, it wasn't like that, it was like this," and so on.

There is some connection between a soup tureen that the Judge has in his home and the jug that was supposedly handed down. At least insofar as the

5

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
R7C


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
R+C

as lunatic fringe items, though I myself do not necessarily regard them
as such. I later had an opportunity to talk with the Judge in
presence and by that time, the Judge was quite voluble and went into great
detail as to his initial encounter with [redacted] and the types of questions
he had asked [redacted]. The Judge posed as an initial skeptic, but it is
apparent that in this questioning of [redacted] he undoubtedly introduced many
details into the story which were later incorporated bodily by [redacted] as
gospel.

As far as technical details, as regards propulsion systems, trajectories,
and the like, it was futile to attempt to pursue the matter further. [redacted]
is an itinerant plumber and chicken farmer. He lives alone, his wife works
in Chicago and apparently has been for the past two years. He would seem a
fit subject, if regarded by a psychologist, as one to whom a mental aberration might occur. The Judge stated, in fact, that he at first thought that [redacted] had become "shack happy", but that after sufficient questioning he, the
Judge, and been convinced that the sighting was valid.

In talking with [redacted] one did not get the impression that he was
an Adamski type. He answered questions directly, did not contradict himself,
insisted on the facts being exactly as he stated and he refused to accept
embellishments or modifications. He stated he was sure that we wouldn't
believe him but that he didn't care whether he was believed. He stated
simply this happened and that was that. The duration of the entire episode
was about five minutes. He stated also that at no time was he frightened,
and at no time did the men appear in any way to threaten him. As they left,
the man to whom he had handed the jug placed his hand on his forehead in a

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
R+C


- page 4 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

handles and general overall contours are concerned, although the drawing that made of the jug does not by any means bear a one-to-one correspondence with the soup tureen.

In view of the fact that it is not our practice to investigate cases in which there is only one observer (since such cases are 'a priori' suspect of mental aberration), this case should not be given too much weight and certainly one cannot expect any sort of a definite solution.

From the appearance of the man, his habits of life and his evident loneliness, it would appear to me that the situation was ripe for suggestibility and a mental aberration. The presence of the NICAP Judge in the picture probably accounts in large part for the embellishment of the story and the publicity it has attained.

It would be the advice and opinion of your consultant that the Air Force in discussing this case should hold fast to the advisability of the general custom of not considering seriously any sighting or report from a single individual, and to state that this case was investigated solely because of its possible nuisance value and because there will undoubtedly be an attempt made to jockey this incident into a full-fledged production.

The Judge already intends to have public meetings in which he will describe this thing and answer questions and this, of course, means undoubtedly there will be public lectures with paid admission. There seems to be some indication that since Eagle River is a popular town, "a place" will be a tourist attraction this summer, and the like.

[Redacted] has already received many letters which he kindly allowed me to read. The general tenor was that he had been a privileged individual to have had this experience and that he should be very careful of the Air Force in dismissing any information or particularly of giving them

6

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 5 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

R7C

any material evidence. He was warned that the Air Force would attempt to
bush him up and that if he gave the Air Force any material evidence he
would never get it back. I was questioned a number of times on my feelings
toward NICAP and Major Keyhoe, and I of course stated that I thought that
NICAP was attempting to do a serious job and that they had a lot of inter-
ested and sincere members who were trying to do the best they could. In
no case, of course, did I attempt to say anything that could later be
turned against us as are the unsympathetic toward the efforts of NICAP.

Dr. J. Allen Hynek


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

5. The man at the hatch held a thermo-elite jug in his hand which was made of the same bright material as the UFO. Though there was no conversation between him and the occupants of the UFO, he stated that he was aware that the men wanted the jug filled with water. After filling the jug and returning it to the man in the hatch he was given the four cakes which he reported were warm to the touch. He then reported that he stepped back and exchanged salutes with the occupant of the UFO. The hatch was closed and the UFO, with the same whining sound, took off and disappeared in approximately two seconds.

6. The witness reported that the space craft was about 12 feet high and 30 feet in diameter with exhaust pipes 6 or 7 inches in diameter protruding from the edge. When the hatch was closed its outline could not be discerned.

7. It is the opinion of the investigators that [redacted] is a balanced person of good mental health and the Navy believes that the alleged contact was a real experience. However, there are indications that this may have been a hallucination followed by delusion.

8. The witness, [redacted] gave both Dr. Hynek and the 6706th Radar Squadron Investigator samples of the cakes. These samples of the cakes were submitted to the Aeronutical Systems Division of the Air Force Systems Command and the Food and Drug Administration of the Department of Health, Education and Welfare for analysis. The AGC conclusion is that the cakes were prepared from a low protein flour with small quantities of sugar and salt and cooked in a hydrogenated oil (Attachment #3). The report from the Food and Drug Administration has not as yet been received.

9. This case was discussed with a psychologist of the Aeronautical Systems Division who has clinical experience and it is his opinion that the witness suffered a hallucination and subsequent delusion concerning his experience. The psychological point out that cases of this type could be injurious to the mental health of the individual if they become upset. The psychologist, he pointed out, is not a judge of the type of hallucinations to be pursued, in an attempt to make the witness aware that his experience was not real, but a professional should understand the job because of the possible danger of injuring the witness' mental health. It was pointed out that experiences of this type, hallucinations followed by delusion, are not at all uncommon and especially in rural communities. Many persons who experience these hallucinations understand them to not make public their experiences. These hallucinations may be a one-time experience brought on by circumstances which may never again be presented to the individual. The psychologist pointed out that many deluded individuals who, due to the fact that they are not quite able to comprehend their condition, are not hospitalized for treatment for they are better off without the added concern over their mental condition.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
R7C


- page 7 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

R-7C

AFCIN-4e
UFO Sighting, Eagle River, Wisconsin, 18 April 1961                2 June 1961

CAFOIN-30 (Major Coleman)

1. Mr. [redacted], who resides near Eagle River, Wisconsin, related to U.S. Air Force Investigations that at 1100 on 18 April 1961, he witnessed the landing of a space craft and had contact with the occupants. The witness further reported that he occupants remained with him for four (4) cases for providing them with water. This alleged sighting received wide play by television, radio and the Press.

2. This case was brought to the attention of the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center on 26 April 1961 by the Duluth Air Defense Sector. The Project Consultant, Dr. J. Allen Hynek of Northwestern University, was requested to investigate the reported sighting due his nearness to the scene of the incident. Investigation of this case was also independently conducted by personnel of the 6767th Radar Squadron, Antigo AF Station, Antigo, Wisconsin. Copies of these reports of investigation are attached 1 and 2 to this correspondence.

3. Mr. [redacted] reported that on 18 April 1961 at 1100 hours he was standing in his kitchen when he heard an intense whining sound, as if a jet were flying over his house, but much louder. He looked out of his kitchen window to the west and saw a huge covering lowering to the ground. It was reported to be intensely bright and appeared chrome like. The witness said he was not frightened and went out of doors until he was standing about 10 or 15 feet away from the UFO. He reported the object appeared to be on the ground, but due the lack of clearance after its departure he assumes it was hovering.

4. A hatch was reported to have opened and a man appeared in the doorway. The occupant was described as being about five feet tall, 120-125 pounds, dressed in a black pull cap, a heavy black turtle neck sweater with a 3" white band around the base, and black tight fitting trousers with white stripe down each side. The man had Italian features and was smooth shaven. He [redacted] could not see any control panels, each about two feet high and four feet long. The witness reported that there were two other occupants, dressed the same as the man at the door. One of the other men appeared to be preparing food over a flameless grill.

R-7C

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 8 -

DEPARTMENT OF
HEALTH, EDUCATION, AND WELFARE
FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.
June 8, 1961

Colonel Philip G. Evans
Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
United States Air Force
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio                                                     Attn: AFCIN-4E

Dear Colonel Evans:

We have completed our examination of the material
submitted with your letter of May 5. Microscopic analysis
shows the presence of fat, starch, buckwheat hulls, wheat
bran, and soybean hulls. The material appears to be a
portion of an ordinary pancake made predominantly of
buckwheat. Bacteriological examination and measurement of
radioactivity gave results which are consistent with the
view that the article is an ordinary pancake of terrestrial
origin.

Remainder of the cake is being returned, herewith.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature]
M. L. Yakowitz
Assistant to the Director
Division of Administrative Review
Bureau of Enforcement

Enclosure
Pkg (remnants of cake)


- page 9 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY R-C

10. It is the decision of ATIC not to pursue further the circumstances surrounding the Eagle River, Wisconsin, sighting due to the fact that there is no evidence which indicates that the security of the United States was threatened and due to the possibility of causing Mr. Simonton embarrassment which might prove injurious to his mental health.

11. The above summary of the Eagle River, Wisconsin, UFO sightings, and the ATIC analysis, is forwarded to your office for passing to SAFLL in anticipation of possible congressional inquiries concerning this much publicized sighting.

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

Atch
1. Rpt of Investigation (Dr. Hynek), w/Atchs.
2. Rpt of Investigation (575th Radar Sq), w/Atchs.
3. ASD Lab Rpt.

R-C
FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

3


- page 10 -

676TH RADAR SQUADRON (SAGE) (ADC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
ANTIGO AIR FORCE STATION
ANTIGO, WISCONSIN

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 676-CGR                                                1 May 1961

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

TO: Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio
ATTN: AFOIN-4B (AERIAL Phenomena)

Submitted herewith in compliance with telephonic instructions is
a report covering the UFO incident at Eagle River, Wisconsin, 13
April 1961.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
Capt, USAF
Administrative Officer

1 Attachmt
a/s

cc Durs:
Hq ADC
Hq 30 ADV
Hq 636HADS


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
R7C                                                                   6 JUN 1961

ATIC-42

UFO Sighting, Eagle River, Wisconsin, 18 April 1961                  2 June 1961

SAFOI-3C (Major Coleman)

1. Mr. [redacted] who resides near Eagle River, Wisconsin, related to U.S. Air Force investigators that at 1100 on 18 April 1961, he witnessed the landing of a space craft and had contact with the occupants. The witness further reported that the occupants remarked him with four (4) claims for proving their visit. This alleged sighting received wide play by television, radio and the Press.

2. This case was brought to the attention of the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center on 26 April 1961 by the Duluth Air Defense Sector. The Project Consultant, Dr. J. Allen Hynek of Northwestern University, was requested to investigate the reported sighting. He also independently conducted by personnel of 6756th Radar Squadron, Antigo AP Station, Antigo, Wisconsin. Copies of these reports of investigation are attachments 1 and 2 to this correspondence.

3. [Redacted] reported that on 18 April 1961 at 1100 hours he was standing in his kitchen when he heard a noise which sounded, as if a jet were flying over his house, but much louder. He looked out of his kitchen window to the west and saw a huge hangar. Lowering to the ground. It was reported to be intensely bright and appeared chrome like. The witness said he was not frightened and went out of doors until he was standing about 10 or 15 feet away from the UFO. He reported the object appeared to be on the ground, but due to the lack of disturbance was unable to assume its exact position.

4. A hatch was reported to have opened and a man appeared in the doorway. The occupant was described as being about five feet tall, 120 - 125 pounds, dressed in a black shell cap, a heavy black turtle neck sweater with a 3" white band around the base, and black tight fitting trousers with white stripes down each side. This man had Italian features and was smooth shaven. He said he could not see into the UFO very well. However, he observed what appeared to be three control panels, each about two feet high and two feet long. The witness reported that there were two other occupants, dressed the same as the man in the door. One of the other men appeared to be preparing food over a flameless grill.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY R7C


- page 12 -

SUMMARY

At 1130, 26 April 1961 Major Friend received telephone call from Captain Williamson, Duluth Air Defense Sector. Captain Williamson's call was to report an incident concerning an alleged flying saucer landing in Eagle River, Wisconsin on 18 April 1961. Mr. [redacted] of Eagle River told Judge [redacted] Sr., District Attorney, and [redacted] newspaper editor, all of Eagle River, that a flying saucer had landed on his property on 18 April 1961.

Three persons dressed in two-piece black suits, 5 feet tall, and weighing approximately 125 pounds had disembarked from the space craft through a hatch door and indicated to Mr. [redacted] that they desired water. Mr. [redacted] provided the water and was rewarded with 3 cakes. The cakes were 2" by 3 1/2", flat, and perforated with holes the size of a pencil (cross-section). The ship that supposedly landed before noon was made of chrome, appeared brighter than silver and was described by Mr. [redacted] as being 12' thick and 30' in diameter. Exhaust pipes 6 or 7" in diameter protruded from this craft.

Major Friend made telephone contact with Judge [redacted]. The Judge, who has handled a great number of mental cases (volunteered information), indicated that he believes Mr. [redacted]'s story. The Judge stated that the cakes were still fresh one week after the incident. Two of the cakes are still in the possession of Mr. [redacted]. One cake was forwarded to Major Donald E. Keyhoe by Judge [redacted].

ACTIONS

1. Contacted Major William Coleman, SAFOI-3c, and informed him of the incident and of the actions taken by ATIC.

2. Informed Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Project Consultant, and requested that he proceed to Eagle River and investigate the incident. Dr. Hynek is located at Northwestern University, Evanston, Illinois, and therefore relatively close to Eagle River, Wisconsin.

3. Attempts to contact Mr. [redacted] are still being continued.


- page 13 -

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

676th Radar Squadron, Antigo
AF Station, Antigo, Wisconsin

REPORT NO. 1
PAGE 1 OF 6 PAGES

1. Description of the Object.

a. Shape - Like two (2) soup bowls placed together. Round, saucer configuration.

b. Size - Approximately 30 feet diameter and 12 feet thick at center, tapering to approximately a foot at rim.

c. Color - Brighter than chrome.

d. Number - One.

e. Formation, if more than one - N/A.

f. Any descernable features and details - Exhaust pipes 6" to 8" in diameter spaced about one (1) foot apart around rim. Some straight, some slightly curved. Appeared to be moving imperceptibly. Inside of exhaust pipes dark.

g. Tail, trail, or exhaust - None. Caused severe air turbulence when it departed. Tree (see sketch) was severely bent by wind, but observer felt none.

h. Sound - Sounded like snow tires on pavement at high speed, only extremely loud. Jet like sound. Diminished upon landing and replaced by electrical generator whine.

i. Other pertinent or unusual features - See narrative account at end of summary.

2. Description of course of object.

a. What first called the attention of the observer to the object - The sound and the actual appearance of a flying saucer directly outside the observers window.

b. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object upon disappearance - Lifted to height of 20 feet, tilted. Departed at 160° azimuth at 45 degrees climb.

c. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object when first observed - About 25 feet off the ground and approximately 30 feet away from the house.

d. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object - Descended vertically when first observed, landed, and departs in maneuver described in (3) above.

e. How did the object disappear? In about two seconds time to the South. See (3) above.

f. How long was the object visible? Approximately five minutes.

3. Manner of Observation - Ground visual.

a. Statement as to optical aids - None.

b. If the sighting is made while airborne, give type of aircraft.

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States...


- page 14 -

United States
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

COUNTY OR AREA REPORTING: Wisconsin
ACTIVITY SUBMITTING REPORT: 6756th Radar Squadron, Antigo AF Station, Antigo, Wisconsin

DATE OF INFORMATION: 18 April 1951
DATE OF COLLECTION: 28 April 1951
DATE OF REPORT: 1 May 1961

Prepared for: Major Frank L Hardcastle

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

ENCLS (5 INCLS):
1. Box, containing sample of pancake.
2. Map of Eagle River, Wisconsin area.
3. Detailed observer statement.
4. Copy of Sheriff's report.
5. Vilas County Newspaper report.

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title 18, U.S.C., Sections 793 and 794. Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law.


- page 15 -

ORIGINATING AGENCY
676th Radar Squadron, Antigo
AF Station, Antigo, Wisconsin

Page 3 of 6

a. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials or photographs.
Pancakes. See sample enclosed and narrative summary following.

12. Upon request of Hq 30th Air Division, the undersigned conducted an inquiry into a reported landing of a UFO near Eagle River, Wisconsin. Following is a recount of the experience as related by Joe Simonton.

13. About 1100 AM, 18 April 1961 the observer was standing in his kitchen when he heard an intense whining sound, something like snow tires on dry pavement or like jet bombers which frequently overfly his house, but much louder. Simultaneously, he looked west out of his kitchen window and saw a huge saucer lowering to the ground. It was intensely bright, like chrome, only brighter. He was not frightened and proceeded immediately out his back door and around the corner of the house. (See sketch attached.) By this time the intense sound had diminished entirely and he was standing about 10 or 15 feet away from the UFO. The UFO appeared to be on the ground, but since the ground was not disturbed after departure, he assumed it must have been hovering just off the ground.

14. A hatch opened like a trunk lid. The hatch was about 3 feet by 6 feet and opened upward from the rim of the UFO. A man was standing in the doorway. He was about 5 feet tall, 120 or 125 pounds, dressed in a black skull cap, a heavy black turtle neck sweater with ½" white band around the base of the sweater, and black tight fitting trousers with white stripes down each side. The material seemed to be jersey about 1½" thick. The man appeared to have Italian features, smooth shaven. He could not see his shoes because they were inside the rim of the UFO. He claimed he could not see very well inside, however he observed what appeared to be three control panels, each about two feet high and four feet long. One man, dressed like the man at the door (less white stripes) was seated at the center panel with his back to the hatch. A third man, dressed the same, was standing to the right of the hatch and appeared to be cooking over a flameless grill. None of the men were armed.

The grill was about 30" long, 18" wide, and 1" thick. There was no flame or smell. He appeared to be turning cakes or something with a cooking tool. There was a metal band about 1½" to 2" wide, about 3 feet above deck level and apparently suspended somewhat around each man at the control panel and the cooking grill. From the waist of each man were two short connecting cables to the band. These were tight waistcoable and a left waistcoable. The cables were about clothesline rope size and black in color. The inside of the UFO was dark, with slight indirect lighting which he discernable colors. The inside equipment was wrought iron black, except for controls on the control panels which appeared silver or aluminum in color. There was no luminous colors like a lighted panel.

15. The man at the hatch held a thermos like jug in his hand, which looked to be about 1 to 2 gallon capacity, and of the same bright chrome material as the UFO. The same metal material was used inside the jug instead of glass. The top was connected to the jug by a thin, black cord of indescribable material. There was an ear shaped handle on each side of the jug. He took the jug, went to the pump in his basement and filled the jug with water. He returned to the corner of the house and the man at the hatch gave him a sample of one jug of water. He balanced himself by placing his hand on the UFO. He said it felt smooth and cold, like ordinary metal. The man in the hatch in turn handed his pancakes which he accepted. These cakes were warm. A sample of one he attached to this report. Then, the man in the hatch gave him a salute and he returned the salute. He stepped back to the corner of the house and the hatch was closed manually by the man who reached up and appeared to activate a release.


- page 16 -

COPY OF COMPLAINT TO VILAS COUNTY SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT
April 21, 1961, 6:00 PM

Location: [redacted]

Officers: Stan Kukarich and Bev Bueschel

Subject claims saucer landed in his drive. Made sign language to the 3 occupants of saucer. Wanted water in Jug. Subject went into house after water and gave it to occupants. (3). Saw one of them cooking "pancakes".

Saucer supposed to be 30' diameter and 12' high. Hatch was approximately 5 to 6' above ground.

Officers looked over area but found no evidence of landing. Inspected one cake. It was approximately 1/8" thick and 2" or 3" in diameter with tiny holes entirely thru it. It was palatable and Officer Bueschel remarked it smelled like pumpernickle.

When I (Kukarich) remarked to [redacted] I would like to write answers to questions on my pad he said he wouldn't tell me about the incident.

Investigation and interrogation lasted about 1½ hours.

Signed (Stan Kukarich)

Three reports indicating sightings in this area was received by the Sheriff's office after the intial sighting.


- page 17 -

ORIGINATING AGENCY
676th Radar Squadron, Antigo
AF Station, Antigo, Wisconsin

Page 4 of 6 Pages

When the hatch was closed, its outline could not be discerned. The intense whining sound returned, the UFO lifted to about 25 or 30 feet and departed to the South. It disappeared in about 2 seconds. The observer said he withheld telling anyone until 20 April when he told Mrs. of Eagle River, Wisconsin.

16. The disposition of the four pancakes received from the alleged UFO occupants is as follows:
a. One cake to [redacted], who in turn sent the exhibit to NICAP, Washington, D.C.

b. One-half cake to Dr J. A. Hynek, Dearborn University, Evanston, Illinois.

c. One-half cake to writer of this report (exhibit attached).

d. One-half cake to Mr [redacted], Los Angeles, California.

e. Remaining one and one-half cakes, less a sample nibble by Joe Simonton, in his possession.

17. Judge [redacted] was telephonically questioned in connection with the sighting and his reaction was biased. He claimed that proper government action was slow and that he had sent the cake to the National Investigating Committee for Aerial Phenomena. Further inquiry locally concerning Judge [redacted] bore out that he is a member of the NICAP, quite avid, if not rabid, in his interest in aerial phenomena, and concerned by some to be somewhat of a "character".
No pre-cognition or collusion was apparent between Judge [redacted] and the writer of the investigation.

18. Mrs [redacted] was interviewed because she said she was the first person he told on 20 April 1961. Mrs [redacted] said she laughed at first and thought it was a hoax, although he explained his laughter by saying that she was making him laugh. He [redacted] tested a piece of the pancake and said it tasted like "cardboard". Mrs [redacted] does not know whether to believe the story or not. [redacted] is unbelievable in all aspects, as to his reliability and sincerity. One discrepancy in the story occurred in that Mrs [redacted] told the writer the inside was bright like chrome, whereas [redacted] told the writer the inside was brought iron black.

19. A thorough investigation would be required to ascertain complete background. However, that the Sheriff's office received a number of reports/sightings after the incident on 20 April 1961, the writer received a call from the Eagle River Sheriff, who claimed his chickens were dying and he wanted to see the investigating officer again. This request was answered by stating the information would be included in the report.

20. In the opinion of the writer, the observer is a balanced person who tells his story with just about the right amount of disbelief a person would be expected to have under similar circumstances. He appears to believe himself. There are some illogical factors. For example, the change in stories concerning the number of cakes. In the UFO. Also, he seemed on occasion to get mixed up as to whether there were three or four pancakes. There were four.


- page 18 -

ORIGINATING AGENCY
676th Radar Squadron, Antigo
AF Station, Antigo, Wisconsin

Page 5 of 6Pages

His recounting of rather exacting measurements in view of the fact that he said he couldn't see very well inside the UFO, appear to be inconsistent. The manual closing of the hatch somewhat seemed incongruous to the writer for a space vehicle. One thing must be admitted, the existence of the "pancakes", rules out a dream, hallucinations, temporary insanity, delirium tremens, etc.


- page 19 -

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

ORIGINATING AGENCY: 676th Radar Squadron, Antigo
AF Station, Antigo, Wisconsin

REPORT NO. 1        PAGE 2 OF 6 PAGES

4. Time and Date of Sighting - 1700 Zulu, 18 April 1961.

a. Light conditions - Daytime, sunny.

5. Location of Observer - See Map attached. Lat 89 15' West 45 51' north.

6. Identifying Information on Observer:-
a. Civilian - Eagle River, Wisconsin.
Occupation - Lumber and part time chicken farmer. Reliable, according to townspeople. Sheriffs office claims no record of false stories, alarms, etc.
Appeared coherent, logical and sincere. Age 60. Married, 2nd marriage, wife residing in Chicago, Illinois, no children. Observer claims no record of mental illness, head surgery, excessive use of alcohol, use of narcotics or other drugs.

7. Weather and winds Aloft.
a. Observer's account of weather conditions - Mild, sunny, light clouds.
b. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots.

[Wind data table with altitudes from 5,000 to 50,000 feet]

c. Ceiling - Unlimited.
d. Visibility - Unlimited.
e. Amount of cloud cover - Slight.
f. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located - None.
g. Temperature - 50°s.

8. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, etc., which might explain the sighting - None.

9. Interception or Identification action taken - None.

10. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which could possibly account for the sighting. None known.

11. Preliminary data for the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting. Commander, 676th Radar Squadron, Antigo AFS, Wisconsin. See statement following narrative summary for analysis of preparing officer.


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

N

LARGE TREE

HATCH

GARAGE

KITCHEN WINDOW

HOUSE

TREE


- page 21 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY R7C

He took it to the basement where he has a pump and filled it with water, carried it out to the craft, and handed it up to the chap. In doing so, he had to get up on tiptoes and put one hand against the craft, he says, and effected the transfer of the jug. He described the interior as essentially black, and said he saw three control panels, and noted that there were two other men inside. The men he described as extremely clean-shaven, he said very smooth-faced, but dark and short, about 5 feet, he estimates. He said they looked like Italians. Their dress was also black, a "knitted Jersey" was as close as he could come to it, and he insisted that they had turtle-neck sweater-type apparel. From his account, it seemed to me that it was more like the stereotyped picture one gets of Italian sports car racers, or at any rate, of the sporty set. There was no communication except by sign language between them, and as he backed away from the craft, he said he saw the interior dimly lighted, and that it was extremely beautiful. He said he would love to have a room painted in the same way. He noticed that one of the men was apparently cooking something, and in his attempt to communicate by sign language indicating that they now had water, he made motions with his mouth that they could now drink, but apparently this sign language was misinterpreted as indicating that he wanted some of the stuff they were cooking, and whereupon they handed him three or four of these little pancake-like cakes, and as soon as the transfer was effected, the hatch swung down, closed with a click, and he says then that the thing was impregnable. He could not tell where the hatch had been. And immediately the craft, he stated, rose up like an elevator without any apparent acceleration, except, of course, at the very beginning. And when it arrived at a height of some 50 feet, it

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY R7C


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

5. The man at the hatch held a thermo-like jug in his hand which was made of the same bright material as the UFO. Though there was no conversation between him and the occupants of the UFO, he, after filling the jug and returning it to the man in the hatch was given the four cakes which he reported were warm to the touch. Then, he reported that he stepped back and exchanged salutes with the occupant of the UFO. The hatch was closed and the UFO, with the same visiting sound, took off and disappeared in approximately two seconds.

6. The witness reported that the space craft was about 12 feet high and 30 feet in diameter with exhaust pipes 6 or 7 inches in diameter protruding from the edge. When the hatch was closed its outline could not be discerned.

7. It is the opinion of the investigators that Mr. [redacted] is a balanced person of good mental health and that he actually believes that the alleged contact was a real experience. However, there are circumstances in the story which tend to indicate that a hallucination followed by delusion.

8. The witness, Mr. [redacted] gave both Dr. Hynek and the 576th Radar Squadron investigator samples of the cakes. These samples of the cakes were submitted to the Aeronautical Systems Division of the Air Force Systems Command and the Food and Drug Administration of the Department of Health, Education and Welfare for analysis. The AGD conclusion is that the cakes were prepared from a low protein flour with small quantities of sugar and salt added in a hydrogenated oil (Attachment 3). The report from the Food and Drug Administration has not as yet been reached.

9. This case was discussed with a psychologist of the Aeronautical Systems Division who has clinical experience and it is his opinion that the witness suffered a hallucination and subsequent delusion concerning his experience. The psychologist pointed out that cases of this type are to be pursued, in an attempt to make the witness aware that his experience was not real. That a professional would undertake the job because of the possible danger of injuring the witness' mental health. It was pointed out that experiences of this type, hallucinations followed by delusion, are not at all uncommon and especially in rural communities. Many persons who experience these hallucinations tend to make or not make public their experiences. These hallucinations may be a "one-time" experience through an by circumstances which may never again be presented to the individual. The psychologist pointed out that many deluded individuals, due to the fact that they are isolated to their communities and their communities to them, are not hospitalized for treatment and they are better off without the added concern over their mental condition.


- page 23 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION
EAGLE RIVER, WISCONSIN
UFO SIGHTING
APRIL 18, 1961

At about 11:00 a.m. on April 18, [redacted] was having a late breakfast in his home. (See picture) When he heard a noise which he described as a car going around a curve in a great hurry, a screeching like that, or something like a jet. [redacted] said it was actually like a jet. It was Judge [redacted] who stated that [redacted] had told him that it had sounded like a screeching motor car. The consensus seems to be the sound it made while coming down was in [redacted] words "like a jet." Apparently he told [redacted] that on its way down it sounded like "knobbly tires on a wet pavement." He looked out the window and saw descending a bright, chromium-colored, disk-shaped, object which he described as two soup bowls, one overturned on the other. [redacted] stated he was not frightened by the apparition, but went out immediately because of his curiosity. When he got there, the hatch, or hatchway, was already open. [redacted] stated that the hatchway operated something like a trunk of a car that it hinged from on top and the lower lip would coincide with the operator of the ship. He stated that when closed it was completely imperceptible, and that he would have sworn there was no possible opening there. The space ship as drawn by him is enclosed. When he came out, an occupant of said vehicle was leaning out of the hatch and making motions with his hands suggesting that he needed water or some other liquid. That is, he made drinking motions. [Redacted] was handed down a "thermos jug-like bottle" (see drawing) which he says was quite unlike any jug he has ever seen here. "A beautiful thing", he said.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
R3C


- page 24 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

R7c

an lunatic fringe items, though I myself do not necessarily regard them as such. I later had an opportunity to talk with the Judge in [redacted] presence and by that time, the Judge was quite voluble and went into great detail as to his initial encounter with [redacted] and the types of questions he had asked [redacted]. The Judge posed as an initial skeptic, but it is apparent that in this questioning of [redacted] he undoubtedly introduced many details into the story which were later incorporated bodily by [redacted] as gospel.

As far as technical details, as regards propulsion systems, trajectories, and the like, it was futile to attempt to pursue the matter further. [redacted] is an itinerant plumber and chicken farmer. He lives alone, his wife works in Chicago and apparently has been for the past two years. He would seem a fit subject, if regarded by a psychologist, as one to whom a mental aberration might occur. The Judge stated, in fact, that he at first thought that [redacted] had become "black happy", but that after sufficient questioning he, the Judge, had been convinced that the sighting was valid.

In talking with [redacted] one did not get the impression that he was an Adamski type. He answered questions directly, did not contradict himself, insisted on the facts being exactly as he stated and he refused to accept embellishments or modifications. He stated he was sure that we wouldn't believe him but that he didn't care whether he was believed. He stated simply this happened and that was that. The duration of the entire episode was about five minutes. He stated also that in the way he experienced it, and at no time did the men appear in any way to threaten him. As they left, the man to whom he had handed the jug placed his hand on his forehead in a

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

R7c


- page 25 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

tilted 45° and took off toward the south and disappeared in "a matter of seconds", or "two seconds", as he also said. As it took off, there was a considerable blast from the rear without smoke, however, which did shake his little pine tree, bending it severely although it came back to normal shortly thereafter. We examined the tree; there were some broken branches on it, but he stated that that was not caused by the ship but had been caused by a snowplow some weeks previous.

After we had taken a number of pictures, and went over numerous points with [redacted], we invited him to dinner and headed into town, in the meantime renting a car from a garage so that we could look up the other people in the case. We had a rather lengthy dinner in which I attempted to draw him out on various topics. People passed the table frequently and he was greeted as though he were a very respected member of the community. I excused myself and went into the bar to strike up a conversation with people there, and both in that encounter and in many other casual conversations, it appeared that the town by and large believed him, although there were some rather valuable skeptics. I was advised to talk with his neighbor, a man named [redacted], who I was told could tell me quite a bit about [redacted], but since our time was extremely limited, I did not get to do this.

Mr. [redacted] talked with Judge [redacted] and experienced great difficulty in being admitted to the house. Apparently the Judge thought he was from the Air Force and the Air Force people around there to be "strictly persona non grata" with the flying saucer people around there. The Judge admitted membership in NICAP and his library had one long shelf devoted entirely to flying saucer books and other shelves were devoted to topics with more generally regarded

3

R-FC

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 26 -

R7C
FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

gesture of salute and appreciation which gesture was returned by [redacted]

The weather was clear and the sun was shining brightly on the metallic surface. As far as noise was concerned, he stated that there was a continuous whining sound in the interior of the cabin and that the take-off did not involve any particular noise.

The only serious technical flaw in the story is the disappearance of the craft in "two seconds," or even "a few seconds." The rest of the story did not contain any outrage to physical concepts.

[redacted] appeared quite sincere to me, did not appear to be the perpetrator of a hoax, but to attempt to determine whether he had a physical experience or a mental aberration places the matter in the realm of psychology.

As far as town reaction is concerned, it was evidently quite a high spot of conversation in the pre-tourist season for some time. The town certainly had something to talk about, the local bakery had a white-washed sign on its windows stating "Spaceship Cakes," and a local service station had a sign stating "Spaceships Serviced Here."

It was established that [redacted] is not a reader or books, and probably did not have any preconceived notions as to UFO's, except that we do not know what previous contact he had with the Judge and how much the Judge may have told him of the flying saucer game. The Judge did say that when he talked with [redacted] who had asked for an appointment late in the evening, he had shown him numerous pictures of flying saucers in various books, but in each case [redacted] said, "No, it wasn't like that, it was like this," and so on.

There is some connection between a soup tureen that the Judge has in his home and the jug that was supposedly handed down. At least insofar as the

5

R7C
FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 27 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

handle and general overall contours are concerned, although the drawing that made of the Jug does not by any means bear a one-to-one correspondence with the soup tureen.

In view of the fact that it is not our practice to investigate cases in which there is only one observer (since such cases are 'a priori' suspect of mental aberration), this case should not be given too much weight and certainly cannot expect any sort of a definite solution.

From the appearance of the man, his habits of life and his evident loneliness, it would appear to me that the situation was ripe for suggestibility and a mental aberration. The presence of the NICAP Judge in the picture probably accounts in large part for the embellishment of the story and the publicity it has attained.

It would be the advice and opinion of your consultant that the Air Force in discussing this case should hold fast to the advisability of the general custom of not considering seriously any sighting or report from a single individual, and to state that this case was investigated solely because of its possible nuisance value and because there will undoubtedly be an attempt made to jockey this incident into a full-fledged production.

The Judge already intends to have public meetings in which will describe this thing and answer questions and this, of course, means undoubtedly there will be public lectures with paid admission. There seems to be some indication that since Eagle River is a tourist town, that will be a tourist attraction this summer, and the like.

has already received many letters which he kindly allowed me to read. The general tenor was that he had been a privileged individual to have this experience and had been very careful to the Air Force in divulging any information or particularly of giving them

6

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
R7C


- page 28 -

TRACING OF UFO TRACING OF THE SPACE CRAFT

30'

[The image shows a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a circular or oval-shaped object with a horizontal line through its middle. There are several small circular marks along this horizontal line, and a rectangular shape is positioned near the top of the object. The notation "30'" (likely indicating 30 feet) is written above the drawing.]


- page 29 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

any material evidence. He was warned that the Air Force would attempt to
hush him up and that if he gave the Air Force any material evidence he
would never get it back. I was questioned a number of times on my feelings
toward NICAP and Major Keyhos, and I of course stated that I thought that
NICAP was attempting to do a serious job and that they had a lot of inter-
ested and sincere members who were trying to do the best they could. In
no case, of course, did I attempt to say anything that could later be
turned against us as are the unsympathetic toward the efforts of NICAP.

Dr. J. Allen Hynek

RFC

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 30 -

This case contains 2 8½ x 10" photos and 5 3½ x 4" photos.


- page 31 -

TRACING OF AN [illegible text] DRAWING OF THE UFO

[A simple line drawing of an elongated object with two pointed or curved extensions at the top, resembling a stylized bottle or vessel shape]


- page 32 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a person standing in what seems to be a wooden structure or building. The individual is wearing a light-colored jacket or coat and appears to be holding something, though the details are somewhat obscured due to the image quality. In the background, there are wooden walls or structures, and the photograph has a grainy, vintage appearance typical of mid-20th century photography.


- page 33 -

10. It is the decision of ATIC not to pursue further the circumstances surrounding the Eagle River, Wisconsin, sighting due to the fact that there is no evidence which indicates that the security of the United States was threatened and due to the possibility of causing Mr. embarrassment which might prove injurious to his mental health.

11. The above summary of the Eagle River, Wisconsin, UFO sighting, and the ATIC analysis, is forwarded to your office for passing to SAPRO in anticipation of possible congressional inquiries concerning this much publicized sighting.

[Signatures and distribution list:]
FILED G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

[Another signature]

Distribution:
1. Hqt of Investigation (Dr. Hyrek), w/Atcns.
2. Hqt of Investigation (576th Radar Sq), w/Atcns.
3. ASD Lab Typ.


- page 34 -

There is no legible text in this image. The photograph appears to show a white building with windows, two figures standing near a fence or railing, and a yard or ground area in the foreground. The image is a black and white photograph with a grainy, vintage quality.


- page 35 -

DEPARTMENT OF
HEALTH, EDUCATION, AND WELFARE
FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.
June 8, 1961

Colonel Philip G. Evans
Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
United States Air Force
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio                                                     Attn: AFCIN-4E

Dear Colonel Evans:

We have completed our examination of the material
submitted with your letter of May 5. Microscopic analysis
shows the presence of fat, starch, buckwheat hulls, wheat
bran, and soybean hulls. The material appears to be a
portion of an ordinary pancake made predominantly of
buckwheat. Bacteriological examination and measurement of
radioactivity gave results which are consistent with the
view that the article is an ordinary pancake of terrestrial
origin.

Remainder of the cake is being returned, herewith.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature]
M. L. Yakovitz
Assistant to the Director
Division of Administrative Review
Bureau of Enforcement

Enclosure
Pkg. (Remnants of cake)


- page 36 -

ARCH-42/Maj Friend/w/69216

Request for Analysis

Dept. of Health, Education and Welfare
Food and Drug Administration
330 Independence Avenue, S. W.
Washington, D. C.

1. Mr. [redacted], who resides near Eagle River, Wisconsin, related to U. S. Air Force Investigators that at 1100 a.m., 18 April 1961, he witnessed the landing of a space craft and had contact with its occupants. The witness further reported that the occupants rewarded him with four cakes for providing them with water. This case has received wide publicity by television, radio, and the press.

2. Mr. [redacted] gave pieces of the cakes to representatives of a number of private organizations and institutions and was told by them that he could be advised of the results of their analysis. It is requested that your agency analyze the sample of a cake (Attachment #1) which accompanies this letter under copy of your report.

3. Mr. [redacted] is a well-respected individual in his community and his honesty was vouched for by the local judge and district attorney.

4. For your information a copy of the report of the incident is attached (Attachment #2). The expression "NICAP" in the report stands for the National Investigations Committee of Aerial Phenomena, a private UFO organization.

5. ATIC will advise your agency of any further developments on this case.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

2 Atchs:
1. Sample of cake.
2. Rpt. of incident.

COORDINATION: ARCH-42 [signature] DATE 4 May '61
Maj Robert J. Friend

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
4E
5 MAY 1961


- page 37 -

AERONAUTICAL SYSTEMS DIVISION
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

This report is not to be used in whole or in part for advertising or sales promotion purposes.

Materials Control                                                                                                 Physics                                                                                                 LABORATORY

EVALUATION REPORT
Analysis of Foreign Materials

REPORT NO: AERO F61-13 (WADC)                                DATE: 10 May 1961
PROJECT NO: 9217                                             TYPE EVALUATION:
MANUFACTURER:                                                SPEC NO:
SUBMITTED BY: AFOTIME                                        ITEM SERIAL NO:
                (T/Sgt Bolieu)

I. PURPOSE:
   To identify the foreign material.

II. FACTUAL DATA:
    1. The sample was assigned Physics Laboratory Number 7003.
    2. Positive chemical tests were obtained for:
       a. starch
       b. reducing sugar
       c. sodium chloride
    3. Negative results were obtained for proteins.
    4. Infrared absorption analysis showed the presence of a hydrogenated oil.

III. CONCLUSIONS:
     Chemical analysis indicates that the material was prepared from a low protein flour with small quantities of sugar and salt and cooked in a hydrogenated oil.

IV. RECOMMENDATIONS:
    None, data merely submitted.

PREPARED BY:
[Signature]

This report is not to be used in whole or in part for advertising or sales promotion purposes.

WADC FORM 64                PREVIOUS EDITIONS OF THIS FORM MAY BE USED.


- page 38 -

SUBORDER

1. ACTIVITY/SUPPORTING ORGN: [Partially illegible]
2. DATE: 4 May 1961
3. FOR SERVICE IN SUPPORT OF: [Blank]
4. FILE OR LEDGER NO.: [Partially illegible]

5. DATE COMPLETION REQ: [Blank]
6. PRIORITY: [Blank]

7. SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED
8. PRECEDENCE RATING: [Blank]

9. A/C TYPE, MODEL AND SERIAL NO.: [Blank]

WADC FORM 98 ☐ HAS ☐ HAS NOT BEEN INITIATED

10. DESCRIPTION OF WORK:
Perform chemical analysis of sample submitted.

PROJECT NO: 9771
TASK NO: 5720
TECH GROUPING: OTHER: 7003

TITLE: Analysis of Foreign Material

Handwritten note: Eagle Lake, Wisc.

Signatures and details at bottom of form include:
- Initiator: JAMES O. BELIEU TSgt
- Project Engineer/Planner: Idemen J. Botshehadle, Capt, USAF
- Date Completed: 8 May 61


- page 39 -

NOTICES

When Government drawings, specifications, or other data are used for any purpose other than in connection with a definitely related Government procurement operation, the United States Government thereby incurs no responsibility nor any obligation whatsoever; and the fact that the Government may have formulated, furnished, or in any way supplied the said drawings, specifications, or other data, is not to be regarded by implication or otherwise as in any manner licensing the holder or any other person or corporation, or conveying any right or permission to manufacture, use, or sell any patented invention that may in any way be related thereto.

- - - - - - - - - -

Copies of WADD Technical Reports and Technical Notes and Materials Central Evaluation Reports should not be returned to the Wright Air Development Division unless return is required by security considerations, contractual obligations or notice on a specific document.


- page 40 -

PUBLICATION REVIEW

This report has been reviewed and is approved.

DISTRIBUTION:
ASGP (1 cy) (WMGFC)
ASGPA (3 cys) (WMGPA)
(1/Sgt Pollack)

SOLOMON F. BROKESHOULDER, Capt, USAF
Chief, Organic Analysis Section
Physics Laboratory
Materials Central

MCGR AERO F61-13                     2


- page 41 -

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS

Major Robert J. Friend
Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Bob:

Enclosed is, I'm afraid, a rather rough report of our venture to Eagle
River, Wisconsin. However, it contains all the material that is appropriate.

I am dubbing two tapes for you and will send them on next week.

Sincerely yours,

J. Allen Hynek

JAHnew
Enc.


- page 42 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

RFC

Report of the investigation of the sighting at Eagle River, Wisconsin, purported to have been made on April 18, 1961, by Mr. [redacted] (Investigated by Dr. J. A. Hynek, Mr. [redacted] summarized by J. A. Hynek.)

Chronological Events:

Major Friend called me at approximately 10:45 am, April 26, to say that he had just been in touch with Judge [redacted] Sr. at Eagle River, and that the Judge stated that he had sent some material to Donald Keyhoe and NICAP.

Major Friend felt it would be advisable to learn more what the actual situation was before NICAP built a big story out of this. In view of the fact that we had been strongly urging immediate capability on the part of the Air Force to investigate cases before they went sour, Hynek decided to fly up and investigate personally. He took with him Mr. [redacted] and Mr. [redacted] graduate students in astronomy at Northwestern University. A Bonanza single engine plane was hired from Palwaukee airport. Take-off at approximately 3:40 pm, arrival in Eagle River about 5:45 pm. Obtained a taxi and went into town to make phone calls. Contacted Mr. [redacted] brother of the editor of the News Review of the Vilas County. Mr. [redacted] attempted to call Mr. [redacted], the principal in the case, but couldn't get through so offered to take us out to his farm (chicken ranch), about 4 miles out of town. Houts [redacted] was not present on our arrival, so we took the opportunity of taking pictures, while Saturn [redacted] at 6:30 pm and there was sufficient light to take pictures. Pictures enclosed.

Polaroid pictures were taken by Hynek and black and white 35 millimeter by [redacted].

We learned shortly that [redacted] was in the neighborhood and so decided to [remainder of text cut off]


- page 43 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY                                                                                                 - 3

When he came out, an occupant of said vehicle, was leaning out of the hatch, and making motions with his hands suggesting that he needed water or some other liquid. That is, he made drinking motions.        was handed down a "thermos jug-like bottle" (see drawing) which he says was quite unlike any jug he has ever seen here. "A beautiful thing", he said. He took it to the basement where he sang and filled it with water, carried it out to the craft, and handed it up to the chap. In doing so, he says, and effected the transfer of the jug. He described the interior as essentially black, and said he saw three control panels, and noted that there were two other men inside. The men he described as extremely clean-shaven, he said very smooth-faced, but dark and short, about 5 feet, he estimated. He said they looked like Indians. Their dress was also black, a "knitted jersey" was as close as he could come to it, and he insisted that they had turtle-neck sweater-type apparel. From his account, it seemed to me that it was more like the stereotyped picture one gets of Italian sports car racers, or at any rate, of the sporty set. There was no communication except by sign language between them, and as he backed away from the craft, he said he saw the interior dimly lighted, and that it was extremely beautiful. He said he would love to have a room painted in the same way. He noticed that one of the men was apparently cooking something, and in his attempt to communicate by sign language indicating that they now had water, he made motions with his mouth as if to say "drink", but apparently this sign language was misinterpreted or indicating that he wanted some of the stuff they were cooking, and whereupon they handed him three or four of these little pancake-like cakes, and as soon as the transfer was effected, the hatch seems closed with a slide, and


- page 44 -

UFO SIGHTING EAGLE RIVER
Wisconsin
27 April 1961

We are at the farm residence about 12 miles east of Eagle River where another saucer sighting was reported Thursday, April 27. The first person to witness the second sighting is ______. Is that correct?
Yes, Sir.

And how old are you?
Seventeen, Sir.

Can you tell us what you saw?
At first I didn't realize it was a flying saucer or an unidentified object. I thought it was a plane. I was just looking at the moon.

What time of day was this?
This was about 25 or 20 till seven, and I noticed it had a funny shape to it.

Was that during the evening?
Yes, during the evening, and I told ______ and he looked. He didn't believe me at first and he wasn't going to look. I told him to look. I jumped out of the car to look and he looked too.

When you ran to the house and told his mother and brother and sister. Then you reported this sighting to you, ______ what was your first reaction?
Well, we were sitting in the car at first and when he first said ______ you want to see a flying saucer?" and I said "You're crazy" and he says "I ain't kidding you _____." I jumped out of the car and looked and couldn't believe my own eyes, but there it was right before me.

Can you describe what it looked like?
Oh, I was a big circular object probably between 40-50 feet in diameter and around 15 feet high, I would say. And it was like if you would put two platforms together. It has roughly what I looked like. It had more of a rounded top.

What direction did it seem to be flying in?
It was flying from north to south.

Can you tell me how high it was—any way of estimating that?
Oh, I would say probably 4 or 5 thousand feet high.

Are you familiar with other type of flying object, helicopters, satellites? You have seen them all of those in the air before?
Yes, I have seen them.

And this object definitely was not an object of this type?
No it wasn't, Sir.

What did you do then after you and Tom had gotten out of the car and were watching this object? Then you called your family out, is that correct?
That is true. We watched it for a short period of time, and I ran into the house and said "Ma, you want to see a flying saucer?" She just sort of snickered at me. She thought I was joking. I said "I'm not kidding." So she came over by the window and looked out and she agreed.


- page 45 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

BSC

-2-

met with most uncooperative attitude on part of husband of woman we had
been visiting. People did offer to take us back to _____ place.

Weller rode back with _______, result: _______ said he was damn sick
and tired of being pestered by news men, assured Weller that this whole thing
was not a hoax or a joke, (couldn't take two weeks out from his work to perpetrate a hoax, nor would he?). Weller reported _______ sounded sincere.

Meanwhile, back at the ranch _______ went through the recital, probably
for the nth time, of the happenings. Once and for all, the story of what he
said happened follows:

At about 11:00 am on April 18, _______ was having a late breakfast in his
home. (See picture) When he heard a noise which he described as a car going
around a curve in a great hurry, a screeching like that or something like a jet.

_______ said it was actually like a jet, it was Judge _______ (see later) who
stated that _______ had told him that it had sounded like a screeching motor
car. The consensus seems to be the sound it made while coming down was in
_______ words "like a jet". Apparently he told _______ that on its way down
it sounded like "nobby tires on a wet pavement". He looked out the window and
saw descending a bright, chromium-colored, disk-shaped, object which he described as two soup bowls, one overturned on the other. _______ stated he was not
frightened by the apparition, but went out immediately because of his curiosity.

When he got there, the hatch, or hatchway, was already open. _______ stated
_______ the hatchway opened according like a track or a car lid as hinged from
on top and the lower lip would coincide with the equation of the ship. He stated
that when closed it was completely impregnable, and that he would have sworn
there was no possible opening there. The space ship as drawn by him is enclosed.


- page 46 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
R7C                                                                        - 5

his library had one long shelf devoted entirely to flying saucer books and
other shelves were devoted to topics which are generally regarded as lunatic
fringe items, though I myself do not necessarily regard them as such. I later
had an opportunity to talk with the Judge in ________ presence and by that time
the Judge was quite voluble and went into great detail as to his initial en-
counter with ________ and the types of questions he had asked Simonton. The
Judge posed as an initial skeptic, but it is apparent that in this questioning
of ________ he undoubtedly introduced many details into the story which were labor
incorporated bodily by ________ as gospel.

As far as technical details, as regards propulsion systems, trajectories,
and the like, it was futile to attempt to pursue the matter further. ________
is an itinerant plumber and chicken farmer. He lives alone, his wife works in
Chicago and apparently has been for the past two years. He would seem a fit
subject, if regarded by a psychologist, as one to whom a mental aberration
might occur. The Judge stated, in fact, that he at first thought that ________ had
become "shock happy", but that after sufficient questioning he, the Judge, had
been convinced that the sighting was valid.

In talking with ________ one did not get the impression that he was an
abnormal type. He answered questions directly, did not contradict himself,
insisted on the facts being exactly as he stated and he refused to accept
embellishments or modifications. He stated he was sure that he wouldn't be-
lieve this but he didn't care whether he was believed. He stated simply
this happened and that was that. The duration of the entire episode was about
five minutes. He stated also that at no time was he frightened, and at no time
did he see anything but what placed his hand in the foremost in a position of caution.


- page 47 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
R7C

he says than that the thing was imperceptible, he could not tell where the hatch had been. And immediately the craft, he stated, rose up like an elevator without any apparent acceleration, except, of course, at the very beginning. And when it had arrived at a height of some 20 feet, it tilted 45° and took off toward the south and disappeared "in a matter of seconds", or "two seconds", as he also said. As it took off, there was a considerable black from the rear without smoke, however, which did shake his little pine tree, bending it severely although it came back to normal shortly thereafter. We examined the tree; there were some broken branches on it, but he stated that was not caused by the ship but had been caused by a snowplow some weeks previous.

After we had taken a number of pictures, and went over numerous points with [redacted] we invited him to dinner and headed into town, in the meantime renting a car from a garage so that we could look up the other people in the case. We had a rather lengthy dinner in which I attempted to draw him out on various topics. People passed the table frequently and he was greeted as though he were a very respected member of the community. I excused myself and went into the bar to strike up a conversation with people there, and both in that encounter and in many other casual conversations, it appeared that the town had large believed him, although there were some rather volatile skeptics. I was advised to talk with his neighbor, a man named [redacted] who I was told could tell me quite a bit about [redacted], but since our time was extremely limited, I did not get to do this.

Mr. [redacted] talked with Judge [redacted] and experienced great difficulty in being admitted to the house. Apparently the Judge thought he was from the Air Force and the Air Force appears to be strictly persona non grata among the [illegible text at bottom of page]

The document is marked "FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY" at the top and has "R7C" written on it.


- page 48 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
R-C -7

In view of the fact that it is not our practice to investigate cases in which there is only one observer (since such cases are 'a priori' suspect of mental aberration), this case should not be given too much weight and certainly one cannot expect any sort of a definite solution. From the appearance of the man, his habits of life and his evident loneliness, it would appear to me that the situation was ripe for suggestibility and a mental aberration. The presence of the NICAP Judge in the picture probably accounts in large part for the embellishment of the story and the publicity it has attained.

It would be the advice and opinion of your consultant that the Air Force in discussing this case should hold fast to the advisability of the general caution of not considering seriously any sighting or report from a single individual, and to state that this case was investigated solely because of its possible nuisance value and because there will undoubtedly be an attempt made to jockey this incident into a full-fledged production. The Judge already intends to have public meetings in which he will describe this thing and answer questions and this, of course, means undoubtedly there will be public lectures with paid admission. There seems to be some indication that since Eagle River is a tourist town, that this "place" will be a tourist attraction this summer, and the like.

[Redacted name] has already received many letters which he kindly allowed me to read. The general tenor was that he had been a very privileged individual to have such this experience and that he would be very careful of this Air Force in divulging any information or particularly of giving them any material evidence. He was warned that the Air Force would attempt to hush him up and that if he gave the Air Force any material evidence he would never get it back. I was cautioned a number of times in my "talking" and I of course realized that I thought that NICAP was attempting to do a serious


- page 49 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
R7C                                                                     -6

and appreciation which gesture was returned by [REDACTED]. The weather was clear
and the sun was shining brightly on the metallic surface. As far as noise was
concerned, he stated that there was a continuous whining sound in the interior
of the cabin and that the take-off did not involve any particular noise.

The only serious technical flaw in the story is the disappearance of the
craft in "two seconds", or even "a few seconds". The rest of the story did not
contain any outrage to physical concepts.

Mr. [REDACTED] appeared quite sincere to me, did not appear to be the per-
petrator of a hoax, but to attempt to determine whether he had a physical ex-
perience or a mental aberration places the matter in the realm of psychology.
As far as town reaction is concerned, it was evidently quite a high spot
of conversation in the pre-tourist season for some time. The town certainly
had something to talk about; the local bakery had a white-washed sign on its
window stating "Spaceship Calico", and a local service station had a sign
stating "Spaceship Survived Here".

It was established that [REDACTED] is not a reader of books, and probably
did not have any preconceived notions as to UFOs, except that we do not know
what previous contact he had with the Judge and how much the Judge may have
told him of the flying saucer gags. The Judge did say that when he talked
with [REDACTED], who had asked for an appointment late in the evening, he had shown
him numerous pictures of flying saucers in various books but in each case Joe
said, "No, it wasn't like that, it was like this", and so on. There is some
connection between a story known that the Judge has in his book and the Joe
that was supposedly landed down. At least insofar as the handles and general
overall contours are concerned, although the drawing that [REDACTED] is of the Joe
was not by any means like a car-to-car or flying saucer drawing with any pretense.


- page 50 -

Here is the text from the document:

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFOIN-H2                                                                                     2 June 1961

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, Eagle River, Wisconsin, 18 April 1961

TO: SAFOI-3C (Major Coleman)

1. Mr. [redacted] who resides near Eagle River, Wisconsin, related to USAF investigating team at 1100 on 19 April 1961, witnessed the landing of a space craft and had contact with the occupants. The witness further reported that he occupied a craft with four (4) males for providing them with water. This alleged sighting received wide play by television, radio and the press.

2. This case was brought to the attention of the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center on 26 April 1961 by the Duluth Air Defense Sector. The Project Consultant, Dr. J. Allen Hynek of Northwestern University, was requested to investigate the reported sighting. Relative response to this scene of the incident. Investigation of this case was also independently conducted by personnel of the 6764th Radar Squadron, Antigo AF Station, Antigo, Wisconsin. Copies of those reports of investigation are attached.

3. Mr. [redacted] reported that on 18 April 1961 at 1800 hours he was attending in his kitchen when he heard an intense whining sound, as if a low were flying over his house, but not louder. He looked out of his kitchen window to the west and saw a high antenna leaning to the ground. It was reported to be intensely bright and appeared chrome like. The witness said he was not frightened and went out of doors until he was standing about 10 or 15 feet away from the UFO. He reported the object appeared to be an elongated craft, about 4 feet long, one of the dimensions of the craft after its departure he assumes it was hovering.

4. A hatch was reported to have opened and a man appeared in the doorway. The occupant was described as being about five feet tall, 120-125 pounds, dressed in a black skull cap, a heavy black turtle neck sweater with a 3" white band around the base, and black tight fitting trousers with white stripes down each side. The man had Italian features and was smooth shaven. No [redacted] said he could not see any ears. The man was about two feet high and one foot long. The witness reported that there were two other occupants, dressed and standing near the man at the door. One of the other men appeared to be preparing food over a Bunsen grill.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 51 -

Here is the text from the document:

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
R f C                                                                      - 8 -

Joe and that they had a lot of interested and sincere members who were trying
to do the best they could. In no case, of course, did I attempt to say anything
that could later be turned against us as are the unsympathetic toward the efforts
of NICAP. Likewise this holds for my two colleagues who did a very fine job in
interrogation and without whom I could not have completed this little job in
the hours we had allocated. We left Eagle River about midnight or shortly
thereafter and arrived back in Chicago and in Evanston about 3:00 am.


- page 52 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

10. It is the decision of WTIC not to pursue further the circumstances surrounding the Eagle River, Wisconsin, sighting. An analysis indicates that the authority of the United States was threatened and due to the possibility of causing harm to the government within might prove injurious to his mental health.

11. The above summary of the Eagle River, Wisconsin, UFO sighting, and this WTIC analysis, is forwarded to your office for passing to SAFIN in anticipation of possible congressional inquiries concerning this matter.

[Signature]
PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Defense
and Components

Atch
1. Rpt of Investigation (Dr. Hynek), w/Atch.
2. Rpt of Investigation (376th Radar Det), w/Atch.
3. ASD Lab Rpt.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 53 -

Here is the text from the document:

R4C

5. The run at the hatch held a thermo-like jug in his hand which was made of the same bright material as the UFO. Though there was no contact between him and the occupants of the UFO, he stated that he was aware that the men wanted the jug filled with water. After filling the jug and returning to the van in the hatch he was given the four cakes which he reported were warm to the touch. Junctions then reported that he stopped back and exchanged salutes with the occupant of the UFO. The hatch was closed and the UFO, with the same sliding sound, took off and disappeared in approximately two seconds.

6. The witness reported that the space craft was about 12 feet high and 30 feet in diameter with crescent shape 5 or 7 inches in diameter protruding from the edge. When the hatch was closed its outline could not be discerned.

7. It is the opinion of the investigators that [redacted] is a trained person of good mental health and that no actually believe that the alleged contact was a real experience. However, there are considerations in the story which tend to indicate that it was a hallucination followed by delusion.

8. The witness [redacted] gave both Dr. Ignok and the 67th Radar Squadron Intelligence Officer samples of the cakes. These samples of the cakes were submitted to the Aeronautical Systems Division of the Air Force Systems Command and the Food and Drug Administration of the Department of Health, Education and Welfare for analysis. The AFR concluded that the cakes were prepared from a low protein flour with small quantities of an unspecified sugar and milk and cocoa in a homogenized state (Attachment 23). The report from the Food and Drug Administration has not yet been received.

9. This case was discussed with a psychologist of the Aeronautical Systems Division who has clinical experience and it is his opinion that the witness suffered a hallucination and subsequent delusion concerning the experience. The psychological point of view was that no case of this type could be injurious to the mental health of the individual if they became aware that the experience was not real. In an attempt to make this witness aware that his experience was not real, a professional should undertake the job because of the possible danger of injuring the witness' mental health. It was pointed out that experiences of this type, hallucinations followed by delusion, are not at all uncommon and especially in rural areas where people have less than urban experience. These hallucinations may be a "one-time" experience brought on by circumstances which may never again be presented to the individual. The psychologist put out that many deluded individuals who, due to the fact that they are not hospitalized for treatment are not they are not hospitalized for treatment for they are better off without the added mental strain.

R7C


- page 54 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FACTS BEHIND THE
"PANCAKE" STORY

Several members have inquired about the "pancake" story which was published in April. Since we have been publicly accused of failure to investigate, here are the facts:

According to Joe Simonton, a member of Eagle River, Wisc., a pancake-like object landed on his farm in April. The crew exchanged three pancakes for a jug of water. The crew was not in NICAP by Ozaukee County Judge Frank W. Carter of Eagle River, without consulting NICAP. The judge apparently would analyze and publicly report on the case.

On receipt, we first sent the case to Prof. G.A. Naney, NICAP Board Member, chemistry professor, Nathan Wells. At Fort Meigs was all the hard time delay Prof. Mauers returned the case to NICAP.

It was then sent to a New York laboratory examiner, Associate Dr. Mclean, a NICAP advisor and officer of civilian intelligence. Dr. Mclean made luminary tests of the fat content, taking IR and UV spectra, which indicated a certain type of a degenerated-oil derivative. Pending a low temperature, cost of a chromatographic analysis would be $200; an isotope analysis, taking four to five weeks, would cost $150.

Second, Mr. Mclean was coupled with other problems when added costs delayed.

At this time, NICAP's financial crisis was building rapidly. Simultaneously, we were working hard for Congressional approval. After Judge Carter's suggestion, we approved press statement about NICAP, scored of newspaper, radio and TV stations asked for our analysis - a few obviously planning a smear campaign because we had no money for complete analysis.

Mr. Simonton's claim, that he would publicly report, was concluded we acknowledged but more urgent matters were pressing.

In May, Judge Carter inquired about news reports that NICAP was returning the case unanalyzed. The judge stated that, in one way, he would not believe the pancakes were pancakes. Some news calls asked NICAP why it was that the analysis was being made. Since then, the matter has practically vanished.

We do not feel justified now in spending $150 or more on additional pancake analysis, when more urgent matters are pressing.


- page 55 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-2-

Well, was it a joke, Mrs.
No, it wasn't a joke. I saw it in the sky just as plainly as the boys described it.
Could you describe it in your own words for us?
Well, in my own words, I would say that it was--the first words I said were that it was a something that had soon it in Eagle River.

He is the plumber in Eagle River who reported that he even visited with the inhabitants of the saucer?
That is right.
Are you familiar with ______? Have you known him before?
No, I have never known him.
I see. When ______ first reported that he had seen a flying saucer, that he had talked with the inhabitants, what was your reaction when you heard that story?
Well, I didn't believe it.
How about now?
Well I believe it moreso, yes, of course.
When did you see this flying object?
I was just in the house, and ______ came in and told us to look out the window. It was maybe about 20 till seven when I looked.
And what did you see?
Well, it seemed to me just like the guy in Eagle River described it--like two bowls or pie plates put together. It seemed to me it was on the bottom.
Could you tell how fast it was going? How long did you sight it in the sky?
Well, I saw it for maybe two or three minutes. That's all.
Paren, have any authorities or governmental agencies questioned you about this sighting?
No, they haven't.
There has been no attempt made to get in touch with you?
No, Sir.
Are any of you people familiar with Judge ______ in Eagle River? ______ how well do you know him? Have you ever heard him speak on the subject of flying saucers?
No, I have never heard him speak on the subject of flying saucers.
I understand that there is an agency or a society within Eagle River which concerns itself with the study of unidentified flying objects. Are any of you people familiar with this organization, or members of it perhaps?
No, we aren't.


- page 56 -

SPACE PANCAKE ANALYSIS IS NEGATIVE: We now have the results of the U.S. Air Force's analysis of one of the famous pancake incidents. With Major William Coleman, we were told that the pancake located at Ft. Belvoir, Va., was a hoax. The pancake was reportedly made of metal, buckwheat hulls, soy bean hulls, carbon fiber, and other materials.

The Air Force's conclusion, therefore, was that it is a hoax. Technically, Major Coleman is the new Pentagon spokesman on UFO's. Anyone meeting him or corresponding with his office will be dealing with Lt. Col. Jack Hicks.

Now, Coleman seems to have a genuine desire to bring about the solving of the UFO mystery. He was impressed by the newspaper story about the pancake of Westover, New Jersey. This civilian analysis was made at their expense by Isotopes, Inc., a research organization. However, the Air Force analysis of the pancake in of itself is not conclusive.

It is interesting to note that the Eagle River man is responsible for the pancake story. The second pancake is reported by another source, and it is being kept under wraps.


- page 57 -

Source: Flying Saucer Review (Jul-Aug 1963)

Joe Simonton

[The rest of the text is partially illegible due to the image quality. While I can see there is text in the clipping, I cannot confidently OCR all of the words without potentially introducing errors.]


- page 58 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

13.

RECENT NEWS STORIES

SAUCER LANDING IN WISCONSIN: In a widely-publicized incident last April, a chicken farmer living near Eagle River, Wisconsin, claimed that a saucer with three men aboard landed in his yard. The farmer, named Joseph Simonton, said that he was attacked by a strange noise outside the farmhouse. The saucer, closing directly over his house, was a silver, metallic, disc-shaped object about 30 feet in diameter and 12 feet thick, according to Simonton. There was a dark band in the craft's side, and a small door opened.

Three men inside the machine. One of them, dressed in a black two-piece suit, was about 5 feet tall and appeared to be about 40 years old. The craft was a silver-colored relationship. The man in black tried to indicate so much like the big to be filled with steam. Gloster tried his best to help and hurried into the house to supply. He then brought it back to the saucer occupied. The farmer said that the three men were about 5 feet tall and were dressed about 12 points. He described these as dark-skinned, and they "appeared to resemble people or Indians."

Simonton, at local meeting then came to hear other or to side.

At this point Simonton was again in no humor of the saucer. He says that it looked black inside. "The color of occupation," etc. He could see several instruments panel and what looked like a watching panel, like the one of a generator. One of the men inside the ship was trying food on a flameless grill or stove at a distance. He seemed to be interested to boil water in the tools. The man, apparently in black like the others, but with a very red or tan skin, very - handed him three small pancakes from the grill. A short while later, the man brought about three of these pancakes, roughly 3 inches in diameter. With a cleat of air that blew dusty plus green, Gail Girardin, when it took off, it went in slow and over the house. Later, and then in two accounts he was so far now that I couldn't use it. A long other detail the farmer recollars the saucer never a really close view of the craft. He was mostly sorry it at all times. The entire sighting lasted about five minutes.

The local sheriff and two deputies in the Oneonta, N.Y. area soon afterward. They said last they could find no evidence of the saucer visitation, but that the farmer insisted to an sincere and sober Air Force investigator who visited the area. A local law enforcement Judge Frank W. Carter, sent one of the pancakes to NICAP in Washington for analysis. No official word has been received from the organization to the best of our knowledge. But it that nothing unusual was found. Simonton claims that several chickens on his farm were killed by the saucer's occupants.

The story went on to get the Air Force to make a return visit to investigate the UFO. But nothing was done. An official report of the local newspaper, several particular sightings were made in the Eagle River area during the week following the landing. In one of these, an unidentified flying object, similar to the one Simonton described, was seen by two men, one a planner, the other a farmer. It was described as a silver circular object, 30 to 40 feet in diameter.


- page 59 -

The Eagle River Incident
A NEW CONTACT CLAIM

ALTHOUGH landing and contact claims have to be treated with caution, to some extent this might be as near to a "contact" as we have come in the two issues of the Midwestern Journal of April 23 and 24, 1961.

A heusli, Mr. Joseph Simonton, aged 60, claims to have seen a UFO near Eagle River, Wisconsin, U.S.A. On Tuesday, April 18 at approximately 11 am he was attracted to his yard by a noise outside and he saw a saucer-shaped object hovering about 20 feet from—which led "landed" nearby. Mr. Simonton later said he thought the saucer was hovering close to the ground and was about 12 feet from the ground. The object was about 12 feet long, about 30 feet in diameter.

Mr. Simonton went on to say that he had been outside and he could see the machine. One of the men was dressed in a black two-piece suit and he held up a jug which seemed to be a water container. He noticed the men as though to indicate that he was watching water.

The men took the jug and poured back a few drops into the craft, and returned it to the witness. He noticed that the men were about 5 feet in height and a weight about 125 pounds. He said they were smooth, shaved and appeared to resemble

He did not recall hearing the men speak, either to each other or to him. When he looked into the interior of the saucer-ship, he appeared to see several instrument panels and he could hear a low whining sound, like the hum of a generator. He added that "it appeared to be a machine for preparing or flying food on a farm-type grill or some sort."

Offered Cake

Mr. Simonton then described how he made a motion to indicate he would like to eat. Thereupon, prepared and one of the men, who dressed in black, but with a narrow red trim along the trouser, handed him three of the small cakes. Mr. Simonton handed one of these cakes to a local official, Judge Carter, who had it tested. A member of the Aerial Phenomena Research Committee said the cake that he ate tasted like cardboard. The cakes were described as about three inches in diameter and perforated with small holes.

The whole visit did not seem more than five minutes. He said that the large hatch snapped shut and that it might have been that the occupants were too busy to be detected where the hatch was when it was closed. The ship took off quickly to the south and caused a blast of air that blowed some nearby pine trees. Mr. Simonton recalls that along the edge of the hatch there was a

24


- page 60 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

exhaust pipes six or seven inches
in diameter.

When it took off, it really
went up, said Mr. Simonton. It
went up about 15 feet, hovered
then in two seconds it was so far
away I couldn't see it.

Sheriff Schroeder, who has
known Simonton for fourteen
years, said the farmer was sober
after the incident had been
reported. They could not, how-
ever, find any corroborative
evidence.

Simonton's story is authentic
people had telephoned to ridicule
the whole story.

A remarkable story
At the moment of going to
press, we do not know what the
final outcome of the analysis will
disclosed, but, apart from this
piece of evidence, there is only
the farmer's word to support of
the whole matter. Also today, if it
were a hoax, as would seem to be
possible, nonetheless, as the
reader will see, it would not
be no question of any "philos-
ophy." meaning that Mr. Simonton
was not gathering from the news-
papers typical stories. This
might be a point of some signifi-
cance. Although the skeptics
may claim that Mr. Simonton
must have read about the other

Hampshire Sightings
A firm disbeliever in flying
objects and space craft, Mr.
Roger Smith of Concord, N.H.
Coppers, watched from house
back garden on the night of
March 2, 1961, from 9.15 to 10
to 9.45 p.m. a bright light object
which appeared to be a bright
spectacle caused Mr. Hoyle to
change his mind about flying
objects. Here is Mr. Hoyle's
description of what he saw:

"We were visiting a friend
Mr. Hoyle said, in a room and
we were driving past Farmside
when we first saw it. At first
I could not believe my eyes. But
then I saw that it was really
there. It was a great bright star
like it was a great bright and
very bright and large. It
appeared to be travelling quite
slowly and we had it in view for
about 25 minutes at a time. It
was a much variety direction.

Mr. Hoyle is convinced that
he did not make the object for
either a balloon or the planet
Venus. He said it was traveling
too slowly to be an aircraft and
as there were no clouds it could
not have been a reflection. Mr.
Roger Smith added that he saw
two or three cars from Gosling
Cove from beneath the object."

At the same time, another
witness in the same area at
almost the same time, saw
almost at the same time, an
object which appeared to be
moving slowly across the sky
from east to west (i.e., in the
opposite direction to earth made
satellite) for about twenty min-
utes. The object was from near
Gosling Cove, near Ports-
mouth Hill. It was seen by the
witness who said this time it
was stationary.

FLYING SAUCERS
ARE
REAL

Courtesy of FLYING SAUCER REVIEW

Christmas Greetings


- page 61 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Year after Year, Wisconsin'

VILAS, the Headwaters County, is located at the top of Wisconsin, the outstanding vacation area of the middle west. With 1,000 named waters, there are more lakes in Vilas than in any other Wisconsin county.

Among these are two of the world's longest chain of inland lakes. The Eagle Chain in the world's longest, while the Cisco Chain, bordering Wisconsin and Michigan, is the third longest.

Fishing is of course one of the county's major attractions. There are many fine trout streams, including the Bway, Blackjack, Deerskin, Ishkongcan, Plum, and Tamarack. Strictly trout lakes have recently been added to Vilas County's sports scene by the state conservation department. Viber Lake was the first in the state to be stocked as a rainbow trout water after having been cleared of all former fish habitat. Paula Lake is the second in the county to become a rainbow water. One of the first in the state to be "made over" for special brook trout is Oho Mike Lake.

Walleye get the attention of many anglers and are probably the most popular other than the many pan fish found in many of the lakes and flowages. To help maintain the walleye supply a great part of the fingerlings raised in two conservation department rearing ponds are put back into Vilas County lakes. One of these is the 20-acre Presque Isle Roaring Pond near the village of Presque Isle. The other is Tamarack Pond, 19 acres, in the Town of Conover. Two small walleye rearing ponds bordering the lakes in their individual townships are maintained by the Towns of Plum Lake and St. Germain.

The musky is king of course, in this world's greatest concentration of musky waters. Thousands of these largest and sportiest of fresh water game fish are landed each season.

Any lover of any type of water sport will find unequalled opportunities in Vilas county to enjoy it. These vast reaches of watery land themselves to canoeing, speed boating, canoeing or onboard motoring.

The mighty Wisconsin river has its source in Vilas county, in Lac Vieux Desert. The river winds through the forested areas of this vast county offering the best in river fishing.

Along the edges of these vast lakes one finds thousands of white sand beaches. There vacational enjoying swimming in the clear, clear waters of these woodland lakes. The beaches are uncrowded, many of them secluded. Many of them have special diving equipment for the more experienced swimmers. The shores are sandy, gently sloping and free from sharp drop-offs, perfectly safe for children.

Water is purest at its source, and Vilas county has three watersheds, with waters flowing into the Mississippi, Lake Superior and Lake Michigan. From this highland area, water is furnished for the entire Middle West.

Legend:
BOUNDARIES
State -----
County -----
Civil Township -----
Forest -----
Recreation -----

HIGHWAYS
Federal -----
State -----
County trunk -----


- page 62 -

Most Popular Vacationland...

When you come to Vilas county on your vacation, you get the purest water and the purest air of any place in the country.

In addition to its great waterways, Vilas county has vast woodland areas. It has the largest state park in the world with its area, the Northern Highland Forest. The huge Nicolet National Forest provides a playground for vacations in its 850,000 acres.

You can ride 10 miles down Vilas county's fine hard-surfaced roads. You'll see deer, rabbit, squirrel, chipmunks, porcupines and all the harmless wildlife of the forest.

Set along the lake shores in this beautiful forested land are innumerable resorts offering every type of vacation accommodation. If you are looking for an overnight cabin, Vilas county has the best. If you seek a humble cottage where you can live the life of a pioneer, Vilas county has that cottage.

Should you, however, want a cottage that offers you everything you are accustomed to in your own home, Vilas county can furnish just such a cottage.

Many vacationists want to enjoy their leisure time without thinking of household responsibilities, and for these Vilas county offers informal resorts, where every guest is a member of the family, or luxurious lodges that are the equal of famous-name hotels throughout the world.

This region is almost 2,000 feet above sea level. Vacationists notice at once the lift it gives them. The thin, dry air as the blood is racing, flushing out the poisons of fatigue, bringing new vitality from the sun and air to tired cells. The friendly sun is not obscured by smoke or dust, so you get your full quota of ultra-violet and infra-red rays.

While the altitude stimulates, it also relaxes. The change from exacting, indoor work to healthful, outdoor activity releases tension. The magic of sun and sky makes you a new person. Those with hay fever, asthma, and sinus troubles find instant relief in this woodland, high-altitude country.

Come in spring, summer, fall or winter. Each season offers you unlimited opportunities for enjoyable outdoor recreation.

There are many places to see in Vilas county: Indian reservation sites of early French explorers trading posts, the old Military highway, the unshattered solitude of the wilderness and a panorama of endless beauty.

You'll Love...
Vilas County for Your Vacation!

[The rest of the page contains a map of Vilas County, Wisconsin, and a partially obscured text about "WISIN'S COUNTY TERS COUNTY"]


- page 63 -

Here is the text from the newspaper page:

VILAS COUNTY

News-Review
THURSDAY, APRIL 27, 1961 TWO SECTIONS—20 PAGES EAGLE RIVER REVIEW—Established 1885

Got 'Cakes' from Saucer Men
Is Claim of Joe Simonton

Report Stirs
State, Then
Much of U.S.
By a STAFF WRITER
The alleged landing and contact between three men in a "flying saucer" and Joe Simonton, 64 year old Eagle River farmer, has rocketed to first statewide, and then nationwide attention since it broke to the public shortly after noon Saturday.

Many residents of this community are surprised and almost bewildered by the tremendous interest in the report carried in the News-Review office from the Milwaukee Journal morning to the Milwaukee Journal.

Simonton claims he received several small pancake shaped pieces of food from the visitors over one of the cakes—about three inches in diameter and with small holes, to Judge Frank Carnal, who said he sent them to Washington, D.C. organization investigating "unidentified flying objects."

The national press services began to pick up the story and received confirmation from Washington that there—but a lab report based on an analysis of the cakes would be unavailable until Friday, April 28, or as late as Monday.

MEANWHILE the story somewhat raises the incredible. The claimed landing of the "flying saucer" was said to have occurred last Tuesday, April 18—but Simonton was reluctant to

[The rest of the text is cut off at the bottom of the page]


- page 64 -

Here is the text I can extract from the image:

Vilas County
Vol. 76, No. 49                VILAS COUNTY NEWS—Established 1892                EAGLE RIVER, WISCONSIN


- page 65 -

You'll Be Ravin'... Over This Vacation Haven

In These Famed Resort Areas
Everything is Here
For Your Good Cheer!

• ARBOR VITAE • BOULDER JUNCTION
• CLOVERLAND • CONOVER
• EAGLE RIVER • LAC DU FLAMBEAU
• LAND O'LAKES • LINCOLN
• MANITOWISH WATERS • PLUM LAKE
• PRESQUE ISLE • PHELPS • ST. GERMAIN
• WASHINGTON • WINCHESTER

Things to Do
• TENNIS • TRAP SHOOTING
• SWIMMING • GOLFING • HIKING
• FISHING • RIDING • CANOEING
• INDIAN DANCES • SCENIC TOURS
• MOTOR BOAT and STOCK CAR RACES
• HUNTING • SKIING • RELAXING
• WATER SKIING • BOATING
• NIGHT SOFTBALL GAMES

Transportation

FINE ROADS
A network of hard surfaced Federal, State
and County highways, with main arteries
on U. S. 45 and 51.

BUS LINES
Greyhound and Green Bay-Wausau Bus
Lines with connections from principal
points.

RAILROADS
Chicago & North Western and the Milwaukee Road with overnight and day
trains to Woodruff and Eagle River, Connects and Land O'Lakes.

AIRLINES
North Central with daily planes from
principal points to Rhinelander and Land
O'Lakes Municipal Airports.

PRIVATE PLANES
Excellent airport for the private plane at
Eagle River, Land O'Lakes, Manitowish
Waters, Boulder Junction, Arbor Vitae,
and Phelps.

Information

For the complete Vilas County vacation story in beautiful book
form, write Vilas County Clerk, Dept. 5, Eagle River, Wisconsin.
For information on accommodations, write direct to the area giving
vacation dates, also number in your party.

Arbor Vitae - Arbor Vitae-Woodruff Cham. of Com., Woodruff, Wis.
Boulder Junction - Chamber of Commerce - Boulder Junction, Wis.
Cloverland - Municipal Information Bureau - Eagle River, Wis.
Conover - - - Information Booth - - - Conover, Wis.
Eagle River - Municipal Information Bureau - Eagle River, Wis.
Lac du Flambeau - Chamber of Commerce - Lac du Flambeau, Wis.
Land O'Lakes - Chamber of Commerce - Land O'Lakes, Wis.
Lincoln - - Municipal Information Bureau - Eagle River, Wis.
Manitowish Waters - Chamber of Com. - Manitowish Waters, Wis.
Phelps - - - Chamber of Commerce - - - Phelps, Wis.
Presque Isle - - Chamber of Commerce - - Presque Isle, Wis.
Sayner - Sayner-Star Lake Chamber of Commerce - Sayner, Wis.
St. Germain - - Chamber of Commerce - St. Germain, Wis.
Washington - Municipal Information Bureau - Eagle River, Wis.
Winchester - - Winchester Resort Assn - - Winchester, Wis.

Service and
Satisfaction
Keynote your vacation in Vilas County,
the greatest concentration of resorts in
any Wisconsin region. There's something for every taste and every pocketbook. A real vacation awaits you
whether you want American or European plan, housekeeping, motel, overnight, or camping accommodations.
For the youngsters there's a great
choice of the world's finest boys and
girls camps.

PHOTO CREDIT LINE:
Herb Cleavs, Wis. Cons. Dept.


- page 66 -

OFFICIAL USE ONLY

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION
EAGLE RIVER, WISCONSIN
UFO SIGHTING
APRIL 18, 1961

At about 11:00 a.m. on April 18, [redacted] was having a late breakfast in his home. (See picture) When he heard a noise which he described as a car going around a curve in a great hurry, a screeching like that or something like a jet. [redacted] (see later) who stated that [redacted] had told him that it had sounded like a screeching motor car. The consensus seems to be the sound it made while coming down was in [redacted] words "like a jet." Apparently he told [redacted] that on its way down it sounded like "knobby tires on a wet pavement." He looked out the window and saw descending a bright, chromium-colored, disk-shaped, object which he described as two soup bowls, one overturned on the other. [redacted] stated he was not frightened by the apparition, but went out immediately because of his curiosity. When he got there, the hatch, or hatchway, was already open. [redacted] stated that the hatchway operated something like a trunk of a car that it hinged from on top and the lower lip would coincide with the equator of the ship. He stated that when closed it was completely imperceptible, and that he would have sworn there was no possible opening there. The space ship as drawn by him is enclosed. When he came out, an occupant of said vehicle was leaning out of the hatch and making motions with his hands suggesting that he needed water or some other liquid. That is, he made drinking motions. [redacted] was handed down a "Thermos jug-like bottle" (see drawing) which he says was quite unlike any jug he has ever seen here. "A beautiful thing", he said.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 67 -

VILAS COUNTY is Photogenic
Bring your camera
[5 blank lines]

WORSHIP in our WOODLANDS

Attend the Church of Your Choice
Among these Serving Vilas Vacationists

ARBOR VITAE
Calvary Ev. Lutheran
Methodist Church of the Pines
St. Patrick's Catholic
Minocqua and Arbor Vitae
Church of St. Norbert

LAND O'LAKES
Bates Church
Ev. Lutheran
Hope Lutheran
St. Albert's Catholic

MANITOWISH WATERS
Community Church
St. Mark's Ev. Lutheran

PHELPS
Community
St. John's Lutheran
St. Mary's Catholic
Seventh Day Adventist
Twin Lakes

EAGLE RIVER
Community Church
Perma Lake Ev. Lutheran

CONOVER
Community Church
Perma Lake Ev. Lutheran
Christian Science
Immanuel Lutheran
Community Bible
Congregational

LAKE DU FLAMBEAU
Community Church
St. Peter's Catholic

SAYNER
Community Bible
St. Mary's Catholic

ST. GERMAIN
Swedish Covenant Community
Community Church Community
St. Rogi Catholic

WINCHESTER
St. William's Catholic

PRESQUE ISLE
Community
Perma Isle Lutheran


- page 68 -

VILAS COUNTY
PARK COMMISSION
Offers You

POINTS OF SCENIC and
HISTORIC INTEREST

Time on your hands? How about a soothing trip - a little beach combing - taking a peek at that lake you never knew was there - following that historic trail calling through the wilderness - checking on the eagles in their nest and the new dam building
project of the county!

There is just no end to the fascinating things nature has in store
for you in this wonderful land of lakes, forests and streams.
Whether you like to hike the trails of the Y camp and drive over
the miles of safe trails and heritage through the woods - either
way you will find exciting rewards in store for you.

• The Vilas County Park Commission system of public lands, ways,
trails, parks and areas make touring to the vacationer's great enjoyment of scenic beauty and historic love. State and federal agencies
and private individuals have made lakes and preserve assemblies to
you and recreational areas have been established.

• The beauties of Vilas County lie open before you. There are 200
public boat landings - ports of public access - on good fishing
lakes and streams to everyone can enjoy boating and fishing anytime. Public camps also have been established on 17 of the larger
lakes by the State Conservation Department and the U.S. Forest
Service. Camping enthusiasts can enjoy living out of doors on our
crystal clear lakes. There are many picnic areas and wayside with
nature along the highways.

• Major access trail lies history of the area. Like the Flambeau has
a major at the site of the capital of the Chippewa nation in the
18th century - On Upper Trout Lake a nature commemorative trail
first aerial flight in connection with forest fire control - At the
Wisconsin River bridge on U.S. 45 near Land O' Lakes is related the
history of the "hardest working river in the world". Ice Volga
Depot is the space of the Wisconsin River. Here Father Menard
visited in 1641 - a marker tells of his first church service, early
trading post activity, the military road built during civil war days
and early logging operations. An echo of old lumbering days will
be found in the few remaining sawmills, and you can still see fine
stands of trees that escaped the fury of "nature." Cathedral
Point at Trout Lake Conservation Headquarters has a stand of
Norway Pine well over 100 years old and 100 feet tall. Remains of
old log dams will be found along the rivers and streams.

• New forest plantations of the state conservation departments, the
U.S. Forest Service, paper companies and individual land in methods of new forestry practice. The Trout for Tomorrow Camp and
Eagle River, operated by paper companies and public utilities and
dedicated to spreading improved forestry practice were an introduction and training house center on forest management. Location of plantations can be preceded by contacting local representatives of the conservation departments.

• A drive to the fish hatchery at Woodruff will unfold many details
on fish propagation and rearing. There are several fish raising
ponds in operation in the county - a native pond on the Little
Tomahawk is a Cisco - pike rearing ponds at Presque Isle, St.
Germain and Plum Lake - help buttress of life for fisheries and
Snyder.

Carnival of Winter Sports
• HOCKEY GAMES - Senior U.S. Hockey Games
played each weekend in our indoor arena.
• PUBLIC SKATING - Community skating every
Thursday and Sunday night at the indoor arena.
• ICE FISHING - Fun galore at the hundreds of ice
fishing lakes in Vilas County.
• SEE THE BEAUTIFUL ICE SCULPTURING.

VACATION IN

Vilas County
WISCONSIN

• Vilas County, tucked away in the "high county" of Wisconsin's
Northern Highland State Forest is an altitude of 1,800 feet above
sea level, is center to become one of the Midwest's leading winter
playgrounds. In a long established resort area, it boasts excellent
accommodations in the ski lodges, bars, resorts and motels. This
isolated region is one of America's finest vacation areas - and now
is the home of the Midwest's newest major ski area.

• SUNSHINE and SNOW. The average snowfall is more than 4 feet, with
the average daytime temperature 24 degrees above zero. This
Lakeland region, long famous for its fabulous sunshine and climate
can offer the skier deep and long lasting comfort even amid the
coldest weather, all under a sparkling winter sky. Nowhere else
can the skier find such a perfect blend of winter sports delight
in the Midwest does so much snow lie in such a small area.

• SKIING. In the Northern Highland of Wisconsin. To skiers, there fairly guarantee
that when the last precious inches of base snow or after the first
trickle down the slopes a skiing together or well away under a
February sun, skiing in Vilas County will be possible, for this is
"high country" in the deep North Woods. Spring is a long time
"around" up here.

• DINING FACILITIES. Modern kitchens under competent supervision are located in the lodges houses. Here you can enjoy a
variety of delicious quick, or complete luncheon at most
COMPLETE SKI RENTALS AND SKI LESSONS ARE AVAILABLE

For information on accommodations write:
VILAS COUNTY CLERK
EAGLE RIVER, WISCONSIN

DETAIL MAP OF WORLD'S
MOST CONCENTRATED
LAKES AND WOODLAND AREA


- page 69 -

Pictorial Panorama

YOU'LL SEE AND ENJOY THEM ALL IN A
VILAS VACATION

Text under images (from left to right, top to bottom):
- Speckled Beauties
- Colorful Fall
- Family Fun
- Baby Fox
- A record breaking male arp was - 5ft 10in, 12 oz, 9ft 15 long - caught by Mel McVeigh, Conover, Pepin Vilas County IS the world's muskie center.
- Partridge
- Berry Picking
- Beaver Ducks

The page appears to be an advertisement for a Vilas County vacation, showcasing various outdoor activities and wildlife through black and white photographs.


- page 70 -

Distances...
FROM VILAS COUNTY
EAGLE RIVER - COUNTY SEAT

(List of locations and distances, partially illegible)

Atlend, Wis.
Hurley, Wis.
Chippewa, Wis.
Clague Lk.
Belanger, Wis.
Lake Lk.
Lac View, Wis.
Lac du Flambeau, Wis.
Mercer, Wis.
Milwaukee, Wis.
Oshkosh, Wis.
Park Falls, Wis.
Phillips, Wis.
Rice Lake, Wis.
St. Croix Falls, Wis.
Superior, Wis.

(Bottom of page has coordinates and a note "UFO LANDING")

The image is a detailed map of what appears to be Vilas County in Wisconsin, with various towns, lakes, and locations marked. There's a small illustration of what seems to be a UFO or spacecraft in water at the top right of the map.


- page 71 -

Text found in the document:

Map Legend (left side of document):
- New Road
- Ice Road, etc
- (incomplete due to image quality)

Bottom of map text:
"Where Nature Smiles for Miles and M"

Bottom right corner handwritten text:
"incl #2"

The majority of the image is a detailed map of what appears to be a region in Wisconsin, with numerous county and town boundaries, lakes, and other geographic features. The map is black and white and contains many small text labels for various locations.


- page 72 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some parts of the text are partially cut off or slightly illegible, but I'll transcribe what I can clearly read]

beginning. It is held by Joe Simonton, who alleges it was given to him by three men who landed in his yard in a flying saucer.

[Right column text begins]
Frank W. Carter to Donald E. Keyhoe, director of the National Investigations Phenomena, Washington, D.C. Keyhoe

He was excited to his yard when he heard a noise outside, and the saucer if than 30 feet in diameter.

Simonton said a hatch opened about five feet from the ground, and he could see three men in the machine. He said one of the men, dressed in a black two piece suit, held up a jug which appeared to be of the same material as the space ship, and motioned to indicate he would like water. Simonton said he took the jug, hurried to the house to comply, and brought it back to the men. He said the craft was about five feet in height, and weighed about 125 pounds. He said they were dressed in what seemed to resemble those of Italian descent.

HE DOES NOT recall hearing them speak to each other, or to him. Simonton said he looked into the interior of the space ship and that it was cold. He said he could see several black panels and he could hear a slow whining sound, like the hum of a generator.

"It appeared one of the men in the ship was frying food on a flameless grill," and Simonton was able to notice several instruments. One of the men, dressed in black, but with a narrow red trim along the trouser, handed him three of the small cakes, when he has shown to authorities in Eagle River.

Simonton said the visit did not seem more than five minutes. He said the large hatch was closed so smoothly you could scarcely detect where the hatch was, when it was closed.

He said the ship took off rapidly to the south, and that there was a blast of air which bowed nearly pine trees.

He said it climbed at a 45-degree angle and disappeared in trees.

He recalls that along the edge of the saucer he noted exhaust pipes about 6 or 7 inches in diameter.

Simonton has lived at that location about four miles west of Eagle River for about 30 years.


- page 73 -

Here is the text from the document:

Kington

R-7C

12 June 1961

MEMORANDUM FOR CONGRESSIONAL INQUIRY DIVISION (Major Godwin), OFFICE OF LEGISLATIVE LIAISON

SUBJECT: Reply to Congressman Reuss in Behalf of Constituent - Mr. N

1. Before providing the draft of a suggested reply to Congressman Reuss, it is appropriate that I discuss the background of this case.

2. Two independent investigations of the Eagle Rock, Wisconsin case were made. The first was conducted by the U. S. Air Force personnel consultant on matters of this type, Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Northwestern University, internationally known astrophysicist. The second by personnel of the 676th Radar Sqdn, Antigo AF Station, Antigo, Wisconsin.

3. The general description given in the enclosed newspaper article coincides with the statement given by the witness (name illegible). Two pieces of the cabs were given to the investigators. One of the pieces came was submitted to the Aeronautical Systems Division, Materials Laboratory, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio for analysis. The second piece was submitted to the Food and Drug Administration of the Department of Health, Education and Welfare. The analysis by the ASD Materials Laboratory indicates that the cables were made from a low protein fabric, sugar and sea weed oil. A report from the Food and Drug Administration has not yet been received.

4. This case was discussed with a psychologist of the Aeronautical Systems Division who has clinical experience and it is his opinion that the witness suffered a hallucination and subsequent delusion concerning his experience. The psychologist pointed out that cases of this type could be injurious to the mental health of the individual if they become upset due to the experience. He pointed out that if cases of this type are to be pursued, in an attempt to make the witness more comfortable, it is suggested that he not be interviewed and should undertake the job because of the possible danger of injuring his mental health. It was pointed out that experience of this type - hallucinations followed by delusions - are not at all uncommon and especially in rural communities. Usually, most persons who experience these hallucinations understand them or do not make

R-7C


- page 74 -

Here is the text from the document:

R4C

The results of these tests indicate that the material was prepared from a low protein starch (flour), reducing sugar, Sodium chloride (table salt), and was cooked in a hydrogenated oil. The second place of cake was sent to the Food and Drug Administration, Department of Health, Education and Welfare, for analysis. This report is not been received.

"The cake was the only evidence available and there was only the one witness. No definite solution can be reached and none can be expected."

I trust this information is helpful. Should you require further assistance or wish to see the investigation file on this case, please let me know.

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN
Major, USAF
UFO Project Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information


- page 75 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

public their experiences. These hallucinations may be a "one-
time" experience brought on by circumstances which may never again
be presented to the individual. In a psychological context cut that
many deluded individuals who, due to the fact that they are adjusted
to their communities and their cosmetics to them, are not hospitalized
for treatment because they are better off without the added concern
over their mental condition.

5. There was a great deal of publicity in the Wisconsin
regional area on this sighting. Perhaps there would have been a
great deal more if many of the national aerospace writers/reporters
had not been either in New York City for the annual Aviation Writer's
Association meeting or at the Air Force Missile Test Center for the
Mercury-Redstone mission.

6. In view of the fact that it is not generally a practice to
investigate cases in which there is one observer (such cases are
'a priori' suspect of mental aberration) this case should not be
given too much weight and certainly we cannot expect any sort of
definite solution. From the appearance of Mr. [illegible], his habits
of life and his event [illegible], it appears to our investigator
that the situation was ripe for suggestibility and a mental aberration.
The presence of the local county Judge in the picture (acted as a
self-appointed) spokesman for whenever the opportunity pre-
sented itself) probably accounts in large part for the embellishment
of the story. The Judge admitted membership in NICAP and his library
at home contained numerous books, articles, etc. on the subject of
flying saucers. The Judge intends to have public meetings (there has
been one we know of) in which he will (has) describe this thing
and answer questions. He have learned that Eagle Rock is considered
a tourist town and that [illegible] will probably be a tourist
attraction this summer.

7. The following is a proposed draft of reply to Congressman
Reuss:

"This is in reply to your recent inquiry in behalf of Mr.
[illegible] of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, concerning unidentified
flying objects (UFO).

"The Air Force investigated the Eagle Rock, Wisconsin,
case involving a Mr. [illegible]. The investigative team was headed
by a special consultant to the Air Force, an internationally known
and respected astrophysicist.

"The Air Force was able to obtain two pieces of the cake.
The Aeronautical Systems Division Materials Laboratory at Wright-
Patterson AFB, Ohio, ran a complete analysis of one of the cases.

R*C


- page 76 -

Here is the text from the document:

SAFLL-14/Major Godwin/J1/5725/15 14 Jun 61
ERICK OSD 5244

JUN 15 1961

Dear Mr. [redacted]

This is in reply to your letter to Brigadier General C. R. Rodrick, Office of the Secretary of Defense, in behalf of Mr. [redacted] concerning a recent unidentified flying object (UFO) Report.

The Eagle Rock, Wisconsin, case involving a Mr. [redacted] was carefully investigated by the Air Force. The investigative team was headed by a special consultant to the Air Force, an internationally known and respected astrophysicist. During the course of the investigation the Air Force was able to obtain two pieces of the case referred to in the newspaper articles. The Aeronautical Systems Division Technical Laboratory at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, ran a complete analysis of one of the cases. The results of these tests indicate that the cake was prepared from sugar and table salt, and was cooked in a hydrogenated oils. The second piece of cake was sent to the Food and Drug Administration, Department of Health, Education and Welfare, for analysis. To date no report has been received.

The cake was the only evidence available in the case and there was only one witness involved. No evidence was developed during the course of the investigation that proved or tended to prove that the object described by Mr. [redacted] actually landed as indicated in the newspaper article.

A group of scientists, military and civilian, have been retained by the Air Force for the specific purposes of investigating UFO Reports to see if they offer any threat to the security of the United States. After 15 years of investigation, involving more than 7000 sightings, the Air Force has no evidence to substantiate claims that UFOs are objects from other planets directed by intelligent beings. A summation of all the facts derived from these investigations and the official position of the Air Force is contained in the enclosed summary sheet.

I hope the above information will be useful. If we can do anything further to assist you, please let me know.

[Signature block and routing information partially cut off at bottom of page]


- page 77 -

COPY OF COMPLAINT TO VILAS COUNTY SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT

April 21, 1961, 6:00 PM

Location: [redacted]

Officers: Stan Kukurich and Irv Bueschel

Subject claims saucer landed in his drive. Made sign language to the 3 occupants of saucer. Wanted water in jug. Subject went into house after water and gave it to occupants. (5). Saw one of them cooking, "pancakes", subject made eating motion and was given 4 of the cakes.

Saucer supposed to be 30' diameter and 12' high. Hatch was approximately 5 to 6' above ground.

Officers looked over area but found no evidence of landing. Inspected one cake. It was approximately 1/3" thick and 2" in diameter with tiny holes entirely thru it. It was palatable and Officer Bueschel remarked it smelled like pancakes.

When [redacted] remarked to [redacted] I would like to write answers to questions on my pad to said he wouldn't tell me about the incident.

Investigation and interrogation lasted about 1½ hours.

Signed [redacted]

Three reports indicating sightings in this area was received by the Sheriff's office after the initial sighting.


- page 78 -

COPY

Beloit, Wis.
July 28, 1961

Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

Re: Information concerning UFO problem

Recently I have been reading various articles concerning the reported sighting in and around Eagle River, Wis., most important of which, supposedly, is the actual contact which --------- made. It was my understanding also that the Air Force was conducting an analysis of certain evidence that they received from -------.

I would like to know the conclusions which the Air Force has come to concerning this case, and also the chemical content of the displayed evidence.

I would also like the names of any persons reporting UFO's in or around Beloit, Wisconsin.

Approximately what percent of the total reported sightings are still classified as unknown after processing.

About how many reports coming from Wisconsin are still unknown.

What conclusions have the Air Force drawn about the UFO problem.

Thank you for your consideration of this letter.

Sincerely Yours,

P.S. Please send reply to -------
Beloit, Wisc.

To: SAFOI-3C (Major Coleman)

Attached is a copy of a letter from Mr. --------- requesting information on the Eagle River, Wisconsin, incident of 10 April 1961. Comments by this office on the questions raised are as follows:

a. The conclusions reached by ---- concerning this incident were reported to your office by letter on 5 June 1961. In addition to the analysis, which was included in the above referenced letter, an analysis was also made by the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare. This analysis is attached for your information.


- page 79 -

6 June 1961

Dear [redacted]

I have your letter of June 1st in hand.

The Eagle Rock, Wisconsin "saucer" landing was investigated by a highly qualified team from the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center. This team included Dr. J. Allen Hynek, internationally known astrophysicist.

We obtained two pieces of the so called "space cake" and had two separate laboratories make a specific analysis of these cakes. These analyses reveal that we made some known carbohydrates (flour), table salt, table sugar, non-hydrogenated fat and milk products.

I hope this information will be helpful.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
Kennan, Wisconsin


- page 80 -

Letterhead:
DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
Evanston, Illinois

Handwritten text:
AIR MAIL

Photo/copy
Do
NOT
BEND

Maj. Rolf Enfield
Aerospace Technical Int. Cente
Aerial Phenomena Division
Wright Patterson AFB.
Dayton, Ohio


- page 81 -

Cake From Flying Saucer
Plumber Relates Strange Visit

EAGLE RIVER, Wis. - A 55-year-old plumber of Eagle River told Vilas County authorities Sunday that a flying saucer carrying three men landed on his rural property last Tuesday morning.

Not only that, said Joe Simonton, the trio obtained a jug of water, gave him three small cakes and then off without speaking a word. Simonton told his story to District Attorney Carl Burton, county Judge Frank Carter, and Dan Satrun, editor of the Vilas County News at Eagle River.

Simonton said the saucer landed on his property near Eagle River shortly before noon Tuesday. It was a "brighter than chrome" and appeared to hover over the ground instead of landing. It was about 12 feet from the ground and about 30 feet in diameter.

According to Simonton, a hatch opened and one man got out, dressed in a black 2-piece suit. He held up a jug and indicated he wanted it filled with water. Two other men were inside the ship and Simonton filled the jug as his house and gave it to the men who remained outside the ship. One of the others handed him the 3 cakes - each about an eighth-inch thick and about 3 or 4 inches in diameter.

He returned inside the ship and the craft took off, disappearing in a few minutes. It had exhaust pipes, 6 or 7 inches in diameter, protruding from the bottom.

Burton said Simonton sounded sincere, had a good reputation in Eagle River and told a straight forward story. Simonton said he was reluctant to talk about the incident earlier because some people might think it preposterous. Satrun said he had seen Simonton and he handled the cakes, which appeared to have been several days old.

Judge Carter's family said he left for a trip to his cottage and would not be back until today. They said he had seen the cakes someplace but they did not know where.


- page 82 -

'Cakes Were
Just Like
Cardboard'
EAGLE RIVER, Wis. (UPI)—
'Just like cardboard,' was Joe
Simonton's answer Monday when
asked about the taste of three
cakes he said were left with him
by the silent occupants of a flying
saucer that landed in his back
yard.

The three pancake-like discs are
being analyzed in Washington by
the National Committee for the
Investigation of Aerial Phenomena.
The committee expected to
have a report ready by Friday or
Monday.

Simonton, 55, said he filled a
water jug for the "officer in
charge" of the sauce last Tuesday, and received the cakes in
return. He said he kept quiet
about the visit until Saturday,
however, because of possible skeptical reactions.

He said the cakes appeared to
have the consistency of foam rubber. Another man who tried them
said they tasted like corn meal.

He brought them to Vilas County Court Judge Frank Garter,
known as a saucer enthusiast, and
Carter sent them to Washington.


- page 83 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a person standing in front of a building or wall, with some background details visible. The photograph is positioned in the center of an otherwise blank white document page.


- page 84 -

21 August 1961

Judge
Office of County Judge
Vilas County
Eagle River, Wisconsin

Dear Judge:

Thank you very much for your letter of July 28.

I have been travelling and only now have I had a chance to get back to my mail.

As far as the chemical analysis of the pancake is concerned, I don't believe it really proves much one way or the other. The universe never all is made up of identical chemical elements, and in about the same proportions as matter when you go in space. Consequently, it is logical to suppose that if beings from some hypothetical planet "X" wanted to make something that looked like pancakes, they would probably use materials that are very similar to those we have here on earth. After all, organic material is organic material, and carbon is carbon, etc.

I think you understand my stand in this entire UFO situation. As a scientist I am interested solely in evidence that can stand the usual scientific scrutiny. It seems to me that the main job of citizens interested in these matters is to sift out the welter of reported and see if there are any residue of cold, uncontestable facts. So far this does not seem to be the case, and I learn in my opinion. As an astronomer I should be delighted to have definite proof of life elsewhere in the universe. But my standards of proof are rather high. If they weren't, I couldn't call myself a scientist.

I am happy to note in your letter a real attitude of honest skepticism. This is always a very healthy sign. No matter what one's deal with, actual truth will not be hampered by honest, unbiased skepticism.

Thank you again for your letter.

Sincerely yours,
J. Allen Synek

JAH:jcm


- page 85 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a scene with a tree and what seems to be part of a building or structure. The photograph is low contrast and grainy, making details difficult to discern clearly. The image is centered on a white background and appears to be part of an official document or report.

No legible text is visible in this image.


- page 86 -

only number of copy
said & have landed
on his project-
report 15, 1961
taken off 26, 1961


- page 87 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a rural scene with a wooden structure (possibly a barn or shed) in the background, and what seems to be a person standing near a utility pole or fence post in the foreground. The photograph is mounted on a white page with some diagonal lines at the bottom right of the image.


- page 88 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

He took it to the basement where he has a pump and filled it with water, carried it out to the craft, and handed it up to the chap. In doing so, he had to get up on tiptoe and put one hand against the craft, he says, and effected the transfer of the jug. He described the interior as essentially black, and said he saw three control panels, and noted that there were two other men inside. The men he described as extremely clean-shaven, he said very smooth-faced, but dark and short, about 5 feet, he estimates. He said they looked like Italians. Their dress was also black, a "knitted jersey" was as close as he could come to it, and he insisted that they had turtle-neck sweater-type apparel. From his account, it seemed to me that it was more like the stereotyped picture one gets of Italian sports car racers, or at any rate, of the sporty set. There was no communication except by sign language between them, and as he backed away from the craft, he said he saw the interior dimly lighted, and that it was extremely beautiful. He said he would love to have a room painted in the same way. He noticed that one of the men was apparently cooking something, and in his attempt to communicate by sign language indicating that they now had water, he made motions with his mouth that they could now drink, but apparently this sign language was misinterpreted as indicating that he wanted some of the stuff they were cooking, and whereupon they handed him three or four of these little pancake-like cakes, and as soon as the transfer was effected, the hatch swung down, closed with a click, and as he says then that the thing was impercepible, he could not tell where the hatch had been. And immediately the craft, he stated, rose up like an elevator without any apparent acceleration, except, of course, at the very beginning. And when it arrived at a height of some 20 feet, it

2

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 89 -

Capsular area stated
to be approximately 1/2
of crypt (event 9
cpy. 15, 1961) and
report launching dept.


- page 90 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph mounted on a white background. The photograph itself is dark and somewhat blurry, showing what seems to be two figures standing close together, with one figure appearing to wear a light-colored garment.


- page 91 -

Here is the text from the document:

Wasp Watch
and
astronomy graduate
student - investigating
area of "Landey"

Note: There is also a small hand-drawn sketch or diagram overlapping some of the text, which appears to be a rough shape resembling an object or silhouette.


- page 92 -

There is no readable text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a house or building with a vehicle parked nearby, surrounded by trees or vegetation. The photograph is mounted on a white background.


- page 93 -

My.
only witness & event
describing how
span copy looked.

Well Wells
and


- page 94 -

22 May 1961

Dear Mr. and Mrs.

Your letter addressed to the Secretary of the Air Force has been referred to this office.

The Air Force investigated the Eagle River incident and was able to obtain two pieces of the small cake mentioned in your letter. The cake was analyzed in the Materials Laboratory at the Air Force Wright Air Development Division, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. This analysis produced the following findings:

The cake contained known carbohydrates (flour); table sugar; table salt; non-hydrogenated fat; and ordinary milk products.

Dr. J. Allen Hynek, astrophysicist from Northwestern University and special consultant to the Air Force on unidentified flying objects was sent to investigate this particular incident as soon as the Air Force was informed.

I hope this provides the information you wished.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. and Mrs.
Manitowoc, Wisconsin


- page 95 -

Here is the text I can discern from the image:

"brother of editor of
News Review
here is that of"

Large portions of the text are obscured by black redaction marks. The text appears to be handwritten and partially illegible due to the redaction.


- page 96 -

Manitowoc, Wis.
May 10, 1961

Secretary of the United States
Air Force Connally
Dear Sir:

We residents of the state of Wisconsin, having read at great length of the recent "Flying Saucer" landing near Eagle River, Wisconsin, have been much disturbed to hear that the concrete evidence which was offered in this incident (namely, three small cakes) was disregarded and not analyzed, and that no further information was forthcoming.

We do not believe that the handling of this incident was in the so-called "American tradition". We would appreciate your communicating to us any further information about this incident.

We are loyal, tax paying, law abiding, American citizens who are anxious to have your honest answer.

Thank you.

Sincerely,
Mr. and Mrs. [redacted]

[Additional administrative stamps and markings are present on the document]


- page 97 -

1 - 14 MAY 1961 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                           OBSERVER           EVALUATION

May     Wantage, New York                  Military           Aircraft
1       Atsug, NAS, Japan                                     Astro (METEOR)
1       South Hadley, Massachusetts                           Insufficient Data
1       Pacific Ocean                       USN               Insufficient Data
2       3AN     17W (Pacific)                                 Satellite
3       Silver Grove, Kentucky                                Other (UNRELIABLE WITNESS)
4       Meridian & Jackson, Mississippi     Military          Satellite
4       100 Mi N Wake Island                Military          Satellite
5       Okinawa & Vicinity                  Multi             Astro (METEOR)
5       16.053 171.3CM (Samoa)                                Insufficient Data
7       Kettering, Ohio                                       Astro (METEOR)
9       Tyndall AFB, Florida                USN               Aircraft
10      22.2N   124.008 (Far East)                            Insufficient Data
10      Silver Grove, Kentucky                                Astro (STARS)
10      Ft Bliss, Texas                     Military          Astro (ALTAIR)
10      Juneau, Alaska                                        Satellite
10      Centerville, Ohio                                     Insufficient Data
11      Indian Springs, Nevada              Military (VIS & RADAR) Aircraft
11      37.4N   00.42E   (Mediterranean Sea) USN               Insufficient Data
11      44.4N   33.36N (Atlantic)            USN               Satellite (ECHO 1)
11      Silver Grove, Kentucky                                Astro (PROCYON)
12      NO 14 of Peck, Michigan                               Insufficient Data
12      Dallas, Texas                       Trans-Canada A/f  Other (BIRDS)
13      Atmore, Alabama                                       Aircraft
13      04.4N   106.188 (East Indies)        Military          Insufficient Data
13      Charleston, West Virginia                              Balloon
13      Silver Grove, Kentucky                                Astro (STARS)
14      44.4N   95.4CN (Atlantic)                             Insufficient Data
14      S Hadley Falls, Massachusetts                         Satellite (ECHO 1)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                           SOURCE             EVALUATION

4       Oil City, Pennsylvania              Newsclipping
5       Athal, Massachusetts                Newsclipping
7       Gundagai, Australia                 Newsclipping
9       Warsaw                              Flying Saucer Story
10      Syracuse, New York                  Newsclipping
11      Lake Worth, Florida                 Newsclipping
13      Suara, Africa                       Newsclipping


- page 98 -

