PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 18 Sep 51
2. LOCATION: Middletown, Ohio
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: 0255
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. GMT: 1897556
6. PHOTOS: No
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 min
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: 25-35-46
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Appeared to hover, then move slowly 115° SE, appeared to change shape, light very bright, seemed to change color.

11. COMMENTS: Moving very slowly at a steady rate. This in conjunction with characteristics of a star-like point. In two previous reports, the magnitude was brighter, which was a significant factor. Witnesses reported at 5 sites sighting. From witnesses position star would appear to move toward, then away from obj. Therefore concluded that obj reported by witness was probably sirius.

12. CONCLUSIONS: Was Astronomical, Probably Sirius


- page 1 -

Middletown, Ohio
Sept 19, 1961

TO: E/Major Friend
Foreign Technology Div.
Wright-Patterson A.F.B., Ohio

Dear Major Friend,

At 23:55 A.M. monday Sept 18 I looked out my window and saw what to me was a very strange light in the sky. I knew at once it was something in the heavens not seen before. Having recently pulled out an 116 from 114 on a sortable to have some watching I know some of the things you might want to know, so I choose make notes.

When sighted the light was at 115° and 10° above the horizon. I watched it for one half hour. In this time it moved 135° and 45° above the horizon.

To check the angular dimensions I held a cigarette at arm's length and it completely obscured the light.

There was no moon and many stars at the time of the sighting.
After watching for a few minutes to determine


- page 2 -

if it were moving, & went outside & observed
the light through a 20x & telescope. the side tells
below will depict what & seen in the scope.
I could not detect a solid shape, but rather
what appeared to be a turning mass. the
color was a very slight bluish white with
traces of red, green & at times a mixed
purple.

The object did not change its course
during the thirty minutes I watched it, neither
did it change speed. It moved at a steady
rate from slightly south of east toward the
southwest. This puts out a star or planet. the
our position this appears to move toward this
northwest & at due west depending on their
location.

Through the telescope this object looked very
much like the sun & reported as being an object
on or near form & not visible. the point of the
difference was that & could detect no solid
body around it. the sun & it was much lighter
indeed than any star & close it was much lighter than
any star or planet.

There is a rough sketch of the object as
viewed through the telescope.

Sincerely,

[Signature is blacked out]


- page 3 -

