PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
16 Aug 61

2. LOCATION
Flushing, New York

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1701032
GMT 1701032

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Xbpn.

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
E

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Shiny silvery obj, brighter than most stars. Size of a star or planet.

11. COMMENTS
Obj of sighting has been determined to be satellite Echo 1. Satellite was making a pass SW-NE at time of sighting and could be seen fm witnesses' location.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other: Echo 1
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 50)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Letter to HAFF OHIO, dated -

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No
Just not through telescope.

36.2 Please list their names and addresses
Flushing 65, N.Y.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Rocket Nose Cone


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of this object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [blank]

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]

ADDRESS Flushing Long Island N.Y.

TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
Age 15¾   Sex Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
High School Senior, in honor science corps

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:   17   Sept.   1961
                                            Day   Month   Year

Page 8


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use
the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-
peat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments,
statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observa-
tion in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached
if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: 9-14-61

CODE: [Blank]


- page 4 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TD-E/Major Friend

11 SEP 1961

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting

TO: Flushing 57, New York

Dear Mr.

Your letter reporting the sighting of a UFO has been forwarded to the Foreign Technology Division. It does not contain sufficient information for a valid conclusion; therefore, request you complete the attached Form and return it in the attached self-addressed envelope as soon as possible.

Sincerely

EDWARD H. WINN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

2 Atchs
1. ATIC Form 164, 2 cys.
2. Self-addressed envelope.


- page 5 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
16     AUG     61
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 9     03
           (Circle One)   Hour   Minutes
                      A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern-X
                           b. Central
                           c. Mountain
                           d. Pacific
                           e. Other

   (Circle One) a. Daylight Saving -X
                b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address                 City or Town     New York
Additional remarks: on rooftop         State or Country

5. How long was object in sight?           10
                                Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain-X               c. Not very sure
                                       d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   DAY                                 NIGHT
   a. Bright-X                         a. Bright
   b. Cloudy                           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
                 b. In back of you     e. Overhead
                 c. To your right      f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164
FEB 60 164     This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.


- page 6 -

National Aeronautics and Space Administration
Cleveland, Ohio

Gentlemen:

Last night at 9:03 P.M. I sighted an object in the sky whose magnitude was approximately that of Saturn at the time. From my vantage point in New York City, I noted that this object was traveling west to east, remaining a maximum inclination of 70° above due north.

Kindly inform me of the nature of this object. If you are not able to do so, please direct my request through appropriate channels.

Your consideration of this request would be greatly appreciated. A stamped, self-addressed envelope is enclosed for your convenience.

Flushing 65, New York
August 17, 1961


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
no, brighter than most stars

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses    Yes   No
c. Windshield     Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars     Yes   No
f. Telescope      Yes   No
g. Theodolite     Yes   No
h. Other:


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound ________________
b. Color silvery

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

through a
telescope

No definite direction.
Object turned upside down
and sideways as it moved
across the sky

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One)   a. Fuzzy or blurred
                b. Like a bright star
                c. Sharply outlined
                d. Don't remember

                e. Other ________________

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[A hand-drawn curved path from point A to point B is shown]

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
as large as a star or planet

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
all of the object

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
I noted that its magnitude was practically the same as the sighting of Saturn on the night at the sighting.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
We were viewing objects (moon, stars, etc.) through telescope. Suddenly, I looked up and saw a moving object.

28. IF, you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

28.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes ___ No ___

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ______ degrees.
b. From horizon ______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ______ degrees.
b. From horizon ______ degrees.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

32. In the following sketch, Imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 12 -

