The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book investigation. The card contains details about a UFO sighting that occurred on April 3, 1961 in Hialeah, Florida. The sighting was described as an object in the sky that was seen coming out of nowhere and disappeared. The object was considered as possibly being an aircraft and no further evaluation was indicated.

1. DATE 3 APRIL 1961
2. DATE-TIME GROUP 2215Z
3. LOCATION Hialeah, Florida
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Radar
5. COURSE O
6. DURATION OF OBSERVATION 1 mins
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 1 mins
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
9. COURSE O
10. SHAPE-SIZE-COLOR Object in sky. Object came out of nowhere and disappeared. Witness thought it might have been an aircraft.
11. COMMENTS Since witness considered the obj as possibly an a/c and no further evaluation was indicated, this vase is considered as an a/c sighting.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

Dear Sirs:

I would like to ask you some questions about flying saucers.

1. Are those oval-shaped things flying saucers?
2. If they are, what do you think of people piloting them?
3. Is it what do they look like?
4. The way I think it's flying saucer... 

On the day of October 28, [redacted], a flying saucer was sighted in his backyard. It was a hot day so we came out of the house to enjoy the weather. Suddenly, a bright object appeared in the sky. At first we thought it was a jet plane, but as it came closer we saw that it was not a plane, but a disc-shaped object. It hovered in the air for a few minutes and then suddenly disappeared. We were all amazed and frightened by what we saw.

I would greatly appreciate your reply to these questions, as I am very interested in learning more about flying saucers.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

"Yours truly, 

P.S. " Please try to answer to the questions I sent to this letter. I want to know what you think of a girl and my friend was seen together."

I could not make out all of the handwritten text, so there may be some gaps or inaccuracies in the transcription. But I have provided the text visible in the image to the best of my ability.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW 9 July 1963

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO:		Hq USAF SAF-01 3b (Mrs. WALSH 25 DC)

1. Reference the attached letter from _____. This is a request for information on unidentified flying objects. This is forwarded to your office for whatever action you deem necessary.

2. To date there is no evidence that the existence of vehicles under intelligent control from outer space has been conclusively established. Remaining skeptical and relying on all the evidence, we do not presume the existence of phenomena.

3. Information concerning the sighting of 28 April 1963 is very meager. In view of the observer's own opinion, however, it is possible that an aircraft was sighted.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

ROBERT F. McDONNELL
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an official file copy of a request for UFO information.

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
TDEW
Request for UFO Information (Earl Valentine)
8 July 1963
Hq USAF SAF-01 3b (Mrs. Wells)
Wash 25 DC

1. Reference the attached letter from Earl Valentine on unidentified flying objects. This letter is forwarded to your office for whatever action you deem necessary.

2. TO date, there is no evidence to support the existence of vehicles under intelligent control from outer space, remaining under observation of our stations, and capable of maneuvers that they assume the aircraft under simultaneous electronic/radar/visual observation.

3. Information concerning Mr. Earl Valentine's sighting of 28 April 1963 is very vague. It is probable that an aircraft was sighted.

FOR THE COMMANDER
C. H. MONCRIEFF
BSIC F. I. JONCKHEERE
Consolitation Technology and Subsystems
Dep for Technology and Subsystems

- page 5 -

There is no photograph or image present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. The document appears to be a typed letter containing questions and a personal account related to a reported UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

Dear Sirs:

I would like to ask you some questions about flying saucers.

1. Are there such things as flying saucers?
2. If so, where do they come from? 
3. Are there any people piloting these saucers?
4. If so, what do they look like?

"The Day I Think I Saw a Flying Saucer" 

On the day of April 25, 1961 my friend and I were playing in our front yard. It was about 3:30 P.M. We glanced up in the sky, and there was a round saucer-like object hovering above the trees. We called our neighbor and he also saw it. He said, "Look is it, there it is." It was silver-like object in the sky. First it came down quite close and then it went up again. A plan. But I'm pretty sure it was a flying saucer.

Yours truly,
(Signature)

P.S. "Please try to answer the questions I sent with this letter when it is convenient for me to provide to a friend and my friends who have also seen flying saucers."

- page 6 -

