PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
10 Oct 61

2. LOCATION
Middle Village, N.Y.

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 11:15 PM

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
□ Ground-Radar □ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
3

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Shooting star burning leaving 7m to 8 at 35° elev. Size, distance, moving. Like 4th of July rocket. Initially pocketlike star but moved fast and then sparks formed. Light blue color.

11. COMMENTS
Partial notation not included. Additional info requested and not answered. Case considered as Meteor sighting since another info indicates this conclusion.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical ■ Meteor
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other:
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

U F O Department

On October 10th at 11:15 PM I saw what might have been a shooting star burning out of something that might be of interest to your office when correlated with other information.

From a position at Metropolitan avenue and Elliot avenue Queens, New York City, facing East I saw what appeared to be the burn out of a rocket.

The trajectory was almost flat or horizontal with the earth, going from north to south. The angle of my line of sight and the object and the ground was approximately 30°.

Distance is unknown as size is unknown, but relative appearance would be comparable to a high fourth of July type rocket - but on a flat trajectory. A without brackets, except as it burned out.

At first it was as bright as a star, but moved very fast, then a few sparks formed a short straight tail & it turned out with a light bulb color - it's a carbon white or very white white.

Burn out location relative to my position was approximately at 2 o'clock.


- page 2 -

23 October 1961

Dear [redacted]

Your recent letter to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration has been referred to the Air Force.

In your letter you describe what might have been a bolide or fireball type meteor. However, there are some additional details we would like if you can furnish them. Consequently, I have enclosed a questionnaire which we would like for you to complete. When completed, please enclose in the pre-addressed envelope and mail.

Your interest in reporting this sighting is appreciated.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
UFO Project Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
Middle Village
N.Y.


- page 3 -

