PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 14 Jun 61 and 15 Sep 61

2. LOCATION: Bucyrus & Bellevue, Ohio

3. DATUM GROUP: Local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION:
Civilian

5. SOURCE: Civilian

6. PHOTOS: No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Up to 25 Min.

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 3

9. COURSE: [No text in this field]

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
1st was shortly after dark. Obj. viewed at night, round/ragged edge 10-12" across, very bright, disappeared at sunrise. Chased on night in Jan and disappeared. Did not appear during July, repeated in Aug.

Only smaller. 2a, Sep 15 bright obj. in E. Had 3 objects within which would flare up about every min. Not transparent. 3. Sep 15 at 3:50 a.m. object in S. Oblong with 9 points. Would fade away and reappear. 5 or 6 times.

11. COMMENTS:
Observation of astronomical bodies. First obj. Venus. Two second Venus and Cirus. The third Regulus.

12. CONCLUSIONS:
[Checkboxes for various explanations, with no boxes checked]


- page 1 -

XDO-2/Major Friday/TT/69216
UFO Report (Miss)

Hq USAF
CAFB-3p (Major Coleman)
Wash 25 DC

1. Reference the attached copy of a letter to ATIC (ATD) from Miss

2. The first object viewed by the witness was probably the to atmospheric
refraction of Venus. The objects of this were probably the second sighting were
probably Venus and the bright star Capella. The third sighting was the
third sighting was the bright star Regulus.

3. The object sighted by Ms has been final experience has been
reported to SSD on numerous occasions. To date no final conclusion as to
the identity of this object has been reached, however, it is suggested to
be Rank III.

EDWARD H. WINN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technologies
and Subsystems

1 Atch
cy of ltr ref'd dated 20 Nov
61.


- page 2 -

COPY

Aerospace Tech. Int. Center,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
Dayton, Ohio.

Nov. 20, '61.

Gentlemen:

Having noticed some unusual objects in eastern sky this summer and fall, am writing to report to you (per your request in Sept. Exp.) in the record I am writing you.

The first object noticed was on June 16th shortly after 2 A.M. appeared in eastern sky and was of a golden color with ragged edge, round in shape. Appeared 12 inches across and very bright. Would disappear with arrival of daylight. Did not see it during month of July but noticed a similar object during August but only half the size as was seen in July. Was seen on two different nights during June and after the 16th.

On Sept. 15, 2145 P.M. noticed a bright object near top of trees to the east in about 15 minutes. This appeared over top of trees toward a similar object - same size. First one was illuminated, had three objects within which would flare up then recede. About same size. The second one was not transparent like first one. Both were the color of a coal-oil light flame.

At about 3150 A.M. also on Sept 15th another object appeared in eastern sky. Was oblong about 15' x 60" - had 15 spoke, two on top and three below, was all illuminated and color like silver. First appearance after a few minutes would fade away then an external illumination would reappear and this happened 5 or six times. And after that was always visible. All three of these objects kept moving higher in sky toward west. At each time all three objects were at about a 45 degree angle.

Also wish to report another object in sky and was noticed by my neighbors and myself August 14, 1960 while we were out in back yard waiting for "Echo" to appear. This object was about 8 x 30 ft., illuminated, of a golden color, coming from east and going west and appeared just above tree tops, and within a minute or two had disappeared over the tree tops to the west of us.

I have trouble getting to sleep some nights which is the reason I happened to see these things.

I would appreciate hearing from you as to whether you have had reports from others who may have seen these, also whether they were from a foreign country or our own.

Below is marked the shape of the objects seen:

[Hand-drawn sketches of 4 different UFO shapes]

Sincerely,
[Redacted signature]

COPY
Bucyrus, O.


- page 3 -

Bucyrus, O.
Nov. 20, '61.

Aerospace Tech. Int. Center,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
Dayton, Ohio.

Gentlemen:

Having noticed some unusual objects in eastern sky this summer and fall and being advised to report this to you (per adv. in Fate Magazine) in the reason I am writing you.

The first object noticed was on June 14th shortly after 2 A.M. appeared in eastern sky and was of a golden color with a round, added, round and 10 or 12 inches across and very bright. Would disappear with arrival of daylight. Did not see it during month of July but noticed a similar object during August but only half the size was seen in early morning hours during June and after the 14th.

On Sept. 15, 2:45 A.M. noticed a bright object near top of trees to the east and in about 15 minutes then appeared over top of trees in than I noticed a similar object -- same size. First one was illuminated, but second objects within which would first up then recede about once every minute. The second one was not a coal-oil light flame.

At about 5:50 A.M. also on Sept. 15th another object appeared in eastern sky, was oblong about 15" x 20" -- had 5 spokes, two on top and three below. Was a all illuminated and color like river. At first appeared after a few minutes would fade away then in previous moments would reappear and this happened 5 or 6 times in after to that it was always visible. In the above cases known moving objects.

In the heavens and to the south and I watched it still 4:15 A.M. at which time all three objects were about 45 degrees east.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Also wish to report another object in sky and was noticed by my neighbors and myself August 14, 1960 while we were out in back yard waiting for "John" to appear.

This object was about 8 x 30 ft, illuminated, a golden color, coming from east and slowly folding.

We had appeared just above tree tops, and within a minute or two had disappeared over the tree tops.

I have trouble getting to sleep some nights which is the reason I happened to see this.

I would appreciate hearing from you as to whether you have had reports from others who may have seen them, also whether they are from a foreign country or our own.

Below is marked the shape of the objects seen:

Sincerely,
Bucyrus, O.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

GF 12 Dec 61
UFO Report

Hq USAF
SAFOI-3c (Major Coleman)
Wash 25 DC

1. Reference the attached copy of a letter from reporting several UFO's seen by a friend of hers.

2. The first object viewed by the witness was probably due to atmospheric refraction of Venus. The objects of the second sighting were probably Venus and the bright star Capella. The object responsible for the third sighting was the bright star Regulus.

3. The object sighted in the final experience has been reported to FTD on numerous occasions. To date no final conclusion as to the identity of this object has been readily reached; however, it is suspected to be Lunik III.

EDWARD H. WYSE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technologies
and Subsystems

1 Atch
Cy of ltr

Markings at top right of document:
- 147
- OFFICIAL FILE COPY
- TD-E
- 12 DEC 1961


- page 6 -

Bellevue, Ohio,
November 14, 1961

Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen:

I received the following information from a friend of mine living in Bucyrus, who tells me he was not an agent of the Air Force, quite late with a report of an object of my purporting to be a UFO seen in the vicinity of this area.

"On September 14th, I was away from home and others unintentionally standing and watching - but now I can substantiate what I saw. I was at the top of the 16th street rise at second the morning of the 14th, near a high location. At the northwest looking out. Before sunrise, later same morning a bright object suddenly appeared about 500 ft high, was transparent and had a slight outline. It was his first time seeing anything like this and was quite surprised."

I.D.

To this letter I saw another object, my similar in shape, brightness and size, and for timing only, it was not transparent and did not have the same thing visible within itself. It was stationary. It followed the same direction as the first. I am whole heartedly that bright object seeing thing.

(over)


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

the data together sometime time. This would be to
get a high flying object. This time it was
seen this time near Bucyrus and Bellevue, Ohio - like
was light yellow. Exhibit 3.

"All times of the night despite high flying. the
heavens and moving very slowly to just above. Traveled
them on 45 deg at wide to the sky, was about at west
angle on the sky and appeared to be about a brighter a
bright green.

The makers object that the was on the sky over
a passage but object.

The quite slow not only to move slowly and after out
up to west the southern sky and say slightly was strong
moving light and we away from the points to here. Pos-
sibly moving to the west.

I am giving you the information for what I may
be worth to you. This just information of one of the events
I would like with my attorney, properly have been under
way the same of the events of the sighting. that will
be as just. Briefly.

Very truly yours

(Redacted section at bottom of page)


- page 8 -

No Case (Information Only)                3 Jun 1961                Italy

Source:         Flying
               Saucer
               Review
               (Jul-
               Aug 61)

[The rest of the text is partially illegible due to the image quality, but appears to be a report about a UFO sighting or observation in Italy. Some words and phrases can be made out, but a complete transcription is not possible without risking introducing errors.]

The document is marked as a "No Case (Information Only)" report dated 3 June 1961, with the source cited as Flying Saucer Review from July-August 1961, and the location noted as Italy.


- page 9 -

The text on the page is partially legible and reads:

[First line partially legible]
... B. Wanagas, MSc. Reported by
[Next line partially legible]
... called 700 Tapel, a UFO was seen
[Last line partially legible]
... determined over the ...

The rest of the text is too blurry or cut off to be confidently read. The document appears to be a black and white scanned page with minimal text visible.


- page 10 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   4 June 1961
                                                                                       Blue Ridge Summit, Pa.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE
ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
WASHINGTON, D. C.

July 14, 1961

Major William Coleman
Department of the Air Force
Office of Public Information,
Pentagon,
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Major Coleman:

We have a report that a UFO maneuvered over
Tyndall AFB, Florida, on the morning of May 20th
of this year resulting in an attempted intercept
by USAF aircraft. Will you please send us the
Air Force conclusion on this case?

Also the conclusion on the June 4, 1961, sight-
ing of a large "cigar" or ellipse with several
satellite objects over Blue Ridge Summit, Penna.

Thank you for your attention to this matter.

                                        Sincerely yours,
                                        Secretary of NICAP

A privately supported fact finding body serving the national public interest


- page 11 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
TO-E

2 DEC 1961

TO: 3/Major Friend/TW/65216
UFO Report: (Miss)

HQ USAF
SAFOI-3c (Major Coleman)
Wash 25 DC

1. Reference the attached copy of a letter to ATIC (TWD) from Miss) reporting sighting several UFO's seen by her.

2. The first object viewed by the witness was probably due to atmospheric refraction of Venus. The objects of Miss) second sighting were probably Venus and the bright star Sirius. The culprit responsible for the third sighting was the bright star Regulus.

3. The object sighted by Miss) in her final experience has been reported to FTD on numerous occasions. To date no final conclusion as to the identity of this object has been reached; however, it is suspected to be Limit III.

EDWARD H. TYME
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technologies
and Subsystems

1 Atch
Cy of 1st 1st) Atch 20 Nov
51.


- page 12 -

4 JUNE 1961

25 August 1961

Dear Mr. Ball:

Reference is made to my recent telephone conversation with you concerning the findings arrived at by ATIC relative to the UFO sightings.

The case of May 20th near Tyndall AFB, Florida has not been concluded. As soon as the evaluation has been completed we will advise you of the outcome.

Could you provide more details of the Blue Ridge Guard sighting of June 14th? From the information you have provided we are not able to find any material related to this sighting.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
Wing Project Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. Richard Ball
Secretary
Aerial Investigations Committee
1525 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
Washington 6, D.C.


- page 13 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Note: The text is partially cut off and partially illegible, but I'll transcribe what I can make out]

"...Helena, Mont. A UFO after-
...was hovering and was described
...estimated 1,500 feet in diameter.
...of aircraft (and Collins), was
...by numerous Helena citizens.
...the UFO was
...said it seemed
...or
...or
...was ruled out by the UFO's high
...I speed when it disappeared on a
...southwest course. The weather bureau
...had no record of any..."

Large portions of the text are cut off or illegible, so I've used ellipses (...) to indicate missing or unclear text.


- page 14 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

"...j. Charleson, Sc... usually
...round, which united between
...d 1954 i.e. was covered by
...iness. The machine, in
...ura, described in attached small
...in black around the edge. The
...ation stated car all objects appear-
...to be near or near the line of
...identified."

Some words are partially cut off or illegible, so I have represented those with ellipses (...). The text appears to be a fragment of a larger document, possibly a report about an observation or sighting.


- page 15 -

No Case (Information Only)                                10 June 1961
                                                                   Wheaton, Illinois

[The rest of the text is partially illegible, with only fragments of words and sentences visible. The full text cannot be confidently transcribed due to poor image quality.]


- page 16 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

June 12, Waynesville, Ohio. An unidentified object, performing a "craft of
circular shape" which appeared to be metallic
was seen for two minutes.


- page 17 -

16 - 30 JUNE 1961 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                                OBSERVER           EVALUATION

16      Bahama Islands
16      Dayton, Ohio
17      Budapest, Hungary (missing)

17      26.022 N19.10W (Pacific)               Military (TWX)     INSUFFICIENT DATA
18      Bloomington, Illinois                  Military           Other (CHART)
18      Washington, D.C.                                          INSUFFICIENT DATA
19      Akron, Ohio                                               INSUFFICIENT DATA
19      Springfield, Massachusetts                                Astro (OCCULTATION
                                                                  OF RESULTS)
                                                                  Other (INVERSION/
                                                                  REFLECTION)

19      Temple, Texas                          United Airlines    AIRCRAFT
20      265.150 (Pacific)                                         Astro (METEOR)
22      Bunker Hill AFB, Indiana               Military           Astro (DETECT)
22      Cincinnati, Ohio                                          AIRCRAFT
24      Haverhill, Massachusetts               Military (RADAR)   Other (CLOUD)
25      39.45N 127.25 (Pacific)                                   Other (WEATHER
                                                                  FEATURES)

23      Temple, Texas                                             Other (INCONSISTENT
                                                                  DATA)

29      Howe Corner, Michigan                                     Astro (METEOR)
29      Palatka, Florida                                          AIRCRAFT
29      Dayton, Ohio                                              Astro (VENUS/CANOPUS)
30      Gross, Michigan                                           Astro (VENUS)
30      Dexter, Missouri                                          Astro (VENUS/CAMERA)
30      Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin                                Astro (JUPITER)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                                SOURCE            EVALUATION

19      Universe                               Science News Ltr  
19      Exeter, England                        News Clipping
19      Washington, D.C.                       
19      Edinburgh, Scotland                    News Clippings
22      Altus AFB, Oklahoma                    
22      Seattle, Washington                    
25      Van Nuys, California                   Reported PET
25-27   St. Paul, Minnesota                    Football NSF
26      New Brunswick, New Jersey              News Clipping


- page 18 -

20 December 1961

Dear Miss [redacted]

Your recent letter addressed to the Technical Intelligence Center concerning sightings of UFO's has been referred to this office.

From the description of the sightings seen by your friend we have been able to establish probably the first object was atmospheric reflection of the planet Venus. The object as described was a second sighting was the bright star Sirius. The object responsible for the third sighting was the bright star Regulus.

I hope that this information is helpful.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM E. COLEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
UFO Project Information Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Miss [redacted]
Bellevue, Ohio


- page 19 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TD-8/Major Prince/vw/69216
SUBJECT: UFO Report

12 DEC 1961

TO: HQ USAF
ATTN: SAFOI-3 (Major Coleman)
Wash 25 DC

1. Reference the attached copy of a letter from reporting several UFO's seen by a friend of hers.

2. The first object viewed by the witness was probably due to atmospheric refraction at Venus. The second was a bright light, probably Venus and the bright star Sirius. The object responsible for the third sighting was the bright star Rigellus.

3. The object sighted in the final experience has been reported to FTD on numerous occasions. To date no final conclusion as to the identity of this object has been reached. However, it is suspected to be Lunik III.

[Signature]
HAROLD H. WINN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technologies
Gp Systems

1 atch
cy of ltr


- page 20 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

IG-4/Major Friend/w/6)3215
UFO Report

HQ USAF
ATTN: (Major Coleman)
Wash 25 DC

1. Reference the attached copy of a letter from reporting
several UFO's seen by a friend of here.

2. The first object viewed by the witness was probably due to atmospheric
refraction of Venus. The object was at a magnitude which was probably Venus
and the bright star Sirius. The object responsible for the third sighting
was the bright star Capella.

3. To date no final conclusion as to the identity of this
object has been reached; however, it is suspected to be Zenith Hill.

EDWARD H. WINN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technologies
and Subsystems

1 atch
Cy of ltr


- page 21 -

COPY

Bellevue, Ohio,
November 19, 1961.

Aerospace
Technical Intelligence Center,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
Dayton, Ohio.

Gentlemen:

I received the following information from a friend of mine living in Bucyrus, Ohio, who tells me she has not informed you of it. Although quite late with it, I am taking it on myself to inform you in case it may be of a little service to you. She told me:

"On September 13th I was away from home and did considerable standing and walking - much more than I was accustomed to do that afternoon. I would gather and then lie watchful again. At 2:40 on the morning of the 14th I was out about a half block from my home, later, as a very bright object coming up through the tree branches. It kept rising higher and higher and after it was above the tree-tops it appeared rather oval shaped, to me it seemed about 9 or 6 feet high, was transparent, and into 3 or 4 does within it like flaring up and dying down every minute or two. This object looked about like this:

[Hand-drawn sketch of an oval/circular object with radiating lines]

"A little later I saw another object, very similar in shape, brightness and size to the first one, only it was not transparent and did not have the three fading visible within it as the first. Thus: 

[Hand-drawn sketch of another oval/circular object]

It was lit up also. It followed the same direction.

"After a while, I saw a third bright object rising through the outer branches of another tree. This looked to be about 6 feet high and 5 things (I call them spokes). The whole thing was illuminated and was very bright and snow-color was light silver. Like that:

[Hand-drawn sketch of an object with radiating lines/spokes]

"All three of these objects kept moving higher in the heavens and moving very nicely to the south. I watched them until 4:15 at which time they were about at a 45° angle and appeared to be about a block and a half away.

"This makes 5 objects that I've seen in the sky since a year ago last August.

The party does not sleep too soundly and often get up to watch the eastern sky and says she often sees strange moving objects, and in every case they seem to be rising higher and moving to the south."

COPY


- page 22 -

COPY

I am giving you this information for what it may be worth to you. Just information no of my recently of my would have been of much use. I, myself, have been wondering if these could be some of the satellites, that are being now over the poles.

Hoping this information may be of service to you, I am
Very truly yours

Bellevue, Ohio
(In case you have any questions
or any further interest in this)

COPY


- page 23 -

19 December 1961

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Your recent letter to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center concerning unidentified flying objects has been referred to this office.

The first object viewed was probably due to atmospheric refraction of the planet Venus. The object of the second sighting was probably Venus and was not an aircraft. The caliper's possible for the third sighting was the bright star Regulus. The movements noted are normal for these objects as they progress along the slowly shifting orbital curve of the period of the sightings.

To date, no final conclusion as to the identity of the last object has been reached; however, it is suspected to be Lunik III.

I trust this information is helpful.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM E. COLEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
Project Information Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information

[Recipient's address redacted]
Bucyrus, Ohio


- page 24 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

MILE TO: FTD-8/Major Frienz/w/6210
SUBJECT: UFO Report (Blue [redacted])

TO: Hq USAF
ATTN: AFCIN-4E (Major Coleman)
Mark 25 DC

Reference the attached copy of a letter to ATIC (PFD) from Hq.[redacted] reporting several UFO sightings several years.

1. The first object viewed by the witness was probably due to atmospheric refraction of Venus. The object or flight sighting was probably Venus and this bright star shine. The culprit responsible for the first sighting was the bright star Regulus.

2. The objects sighted by Hq.[redacted] in her final experience has been reported to PFD on numerous occasions. To date no final conclusion as to the identity of this object has been reached; however, it is suggested to be a light in the sky.

1 Atch
By cts of ltr dtd 20 Nov
61.

[Signatures/stamps partially visible]


- page 25 -

