The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from Project Blue Book, which was the official U.S. Air Force program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 6 JAN 61
2. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1735 hrs
3. PHOTOS: D Yes
4. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 minutes
5. CHIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Two lights in the sky, stationary, rotating with a color change from white to red. No definite outline or shape.
6. LOCATION: Dillsboro, Indiana
7. GROUND-VISUAL: D Ground-Visual
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 2
9. COURSE: Unknown
10. CONCLUSIONS: Was Balloon
Insufficient data for positive balloon

- page 1 -

The image contains three sketches or illustrations. The first sketch shows a curved horizon with an object above it, and instructions to indicate how high the object was above the horizon. The second and third sketches show different views of a landscape, with a person standing in the foreground.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at the position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Using optical character recognition (OCR) to extract the text from the document, the output is as follows:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)      WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Clear sky               a. Dry
b. Hazy                    b. Few mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds         c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds    d. Snow
                           e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
 Day   Month    Year
12-21-60

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)       Yes     No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)       Yes     No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted] 

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)       Yes     No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[No response]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Redacted]

- page 3 -

This page from a Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire or report form that an individual has filled out, providing information about a reported UFO sighting.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes [X] No [ ]
IF YOU ANSWERED YES, THEN WHAT SPEED WOULD YOU ESTIMATE? 35 to 40 miles per second.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes [X] No [ ] 
IF YOU ANSWERED YES, THEN HOW FAR AWAY WOULD YOU SAY IT WAS? 3 or 4 miles

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
STREET ADDRESS: [Redacted] 
CITY, STATE, ZIP: Dillsboro, Indiana
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 37
SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
I am a retired Navy man and I have a private pilot's license. I am president of the Dillsboro Flying Club. I have observed many aircraft in flight and I believe I can make a reasonable estimate of speed and distance.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2-9-61

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which appears to be used for recording summary data.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any discernible photograph or visual element. It appears to be a scanned page of text with a black redacted section covering the majority of the content.

Page 10

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. Based on the instructions, I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document.

Dear Sirs:

On Friday night, the 29th, around 10:30 p.m., a bright object was observed in the sky about 2 miles southwest of Dillsboro, Indiana. The object appeared to be stationary at first, then it moved rapidly, zigzagging back and forth across the sky until it was lost from view. The sighting lasted about 5 minutes. The object was observed by three witnesses, two adults and one child. It appeared to be a bright, white light, much brighter than a star. It did not have the appearance of an aircraft, and no sound was heard. The witnesses were quite positive in their report and seemed to be reliable persons. I thought you might be interested in this report.

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

13 January 1951

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Your letter concerning the sighting of an unidentified flying object contained insufficient information for a valid conclusion. Enclosed is an Air Force Questionnaire which, if completed in as much detail as possible, will provide the necessary information for basic analysis and/or evaluation.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF 
Public Information Officer
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
Dillsboro, Indiana

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. As an OCR system, I will now output all the text found in the document:

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:  APU: TI-L-262X

SUBJECT:  UFO Sighting

TO:	SA-JC-24 (L7/Col tacker)

IT IS REQUESTED THAT ARDC FORM 1624 (UFO QUESTIONKAIRE) BE FORWARDED
TO
APU: TI-L-262X        FOR COMPLETION AND FORWARDING DIRECTLY TO
ATTN: APGOR                AFCIN (ATIC), WRIGHT-PATTERSON
                          AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

DILLSBORO, Indiana

P.L. 16d GUNTER/COKE
          /s/ FRASE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

- page 9 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an Air Force Technical Information Sheet. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used only for research and statistical purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 2-12-61
2. Day: 12 Month: February Year: 1961
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Near Dillsboro, Indiana
Additional remarks: 
5. How long was the object in sight? 5-10 Minutes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY - Bright NIGHT - Partly Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The text on the page consists of a questionnaire with questions and answer choices related to the observer's experience of seeing a UFO.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed using OCR:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. More b. A few c. None d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes (No) Don't Know b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes (No) Don't Know c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes (No) Don't Know d. Give off smoke? Yes (No) Don't Know e. Change brightness? Yes (No) Don't Know f. Change shape? Yes (No) Don't Know g. Flash or flicker? Yes (No) Don't Know h. Disappear and reappear? Yes (No) Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. If it moved behind: ...

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following: (Circle One) a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Binoculars Yes No c. Telescope Yes No d. Windshield Yes No e. Window glass Yes No f. Theodolite Yes No g. Other

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with various questions and sections for the witness to fill out.

16. Sound Bright blue light
b. Color Bright blue light

17. There is no sketch or drawing in the image, only text answering the questions.

18. The edges of the object were:
b. Fuzzy or blurred

19. There appears to be only one object mentioned, so the answer to "IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?" is not applicable.

Text from the document:
16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Bright blue light
b. Color Bright blue light

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Triangular or boomerang shaped object

18. The edges of the object were:
a. Distinct
b. Fuzzy or blurred
c. Sharply outlined 
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 12 -

This page from the Project Blue Book report does not contain any photographs. The page consists of a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

Transcribed text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Watching a television program

29. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
29.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

29.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

29.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
Yes
No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (0 degrees) and state the number of degrees it was from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _____ degrees.
b. From horizon _____ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _____ degrees.
b. From horizon _____ degrees.

- page 14 -

