The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document sightings of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

1. DATE
17 Feb 61

2. LOCATION 
Humboldt, Sask, Canada

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1607

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual 

5. DURATION
6-8 min

6. SIGHTINGS SUMMARY
Civilian 
1

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
6-8 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
The characteristics of the object are those of a meteor. However, duration and length of observation seem to characteristically exceed what would be expected of a meteor.

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING Bright red-orange, size of pea, trail 4 times size of Objt. Seen at 15 - 20 elevation.

11. COMMENTS
The characteristics of the obj are those of a meteor. However, duration of of objet sighting exceeds what would be expected of a meteor. More probably an astronomical source.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Astronomical - Meteor
Possibly Aircraft
Was Analyzed

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Project Blue Book
December 8, 1961

Several persons have reported seeing an unusual light or object in the sky near Humboldt, Saskatchewan, Canada on the evening of December 6, 1961.

The report indicates that the object was first sighted at approximately 7:30 p.m. and was seen by several witnesses over a period of about 30 minutes. The object was described as a bright light, possibly rotating or spinning, that maneuvered in the sky before disappearing from view. Some witnesses reported that the object seemed to increase in size and then decrease again during the observation.

No photographs or other physical evidence were obtained. The Air Force is investigating the reports to determine if the sighting can be explained as a known object or phenomenon.

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It seems to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report.

DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT(S)
Shape: Disc or Saucer like
Size compared to a known object: Head of a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grape fruit, or basketball held in the hand at about arm's length
Formation, if more than one: Formation
Any discernable features or details: None
Tall, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of the object(s): Trail or stream behind the object several times the size of the object
Sound, if heard describe sound: No audible sound
Other pertinent or unusual features: None

DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF THE OBJECT(S)
What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): Object appeared low on the horizon
Approximate angle of elevation of object(s) when first observed: 15 degrees
Approximate angle of elevation of object(s) when first observed upon disappearance: 15 degrees
Description of flight path and maneuvers of the object(s): Straight path
How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the north etc.): Dropped below horizon
How long was the object(s) visible? (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour etc.): Approximately 5 minutes

INVESTIGATION
Investigation made on August 15 at Humboldt, Sask, Canada
Investigator's name and address: Redacted

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

MANNER OF OBSERVATION
Use any combination or one of the following terms:Ground-visual, ground-electronic or air electronic (if electronic specify type of radar) Statement as to optical aids ( Telescopes,binoculars etc. ) With unaided visual
LOCATION OF OBSERVER
Exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position. A position with explanation to a known landmark should also be shown, such as "12 mile N of Doering"
EN3 miles SW of Blue Lake' (example 89 45 N, 192 71 W ) 145' 255' at Blue Lake
TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING
Time and date of sighting
Light conditions (use one of the following terms:Night, day, dawn, dusk)
IDENTIFYING INFORMATION ON OBSERVER(S)
Name(s)
Mailing address(es)
Occupation
WEATHER CONDITIONS AT TIME OF SIGHTING
Observer(s) account of weather conditions
Ceiling
Amount of cloud cover
Visibility
Thunderstorms in area and where they were located
Temperature rise
Any other unusual activity or conditions, meteological, astronomical, or otherwise which might account for the sighting

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

WITNESSES
Please collect as many as is possible and have give their addresses

666

Person who is giving the report will sign below and will give his or her address

INVESTIGATOR'S REMARKS
According to the information, the investigator has evaluated the content of the report and found multiple witnesses unable to contact. One witness reported seeing a bright object at about 7:30 p.m. through a Weyburn garages. The object moved in an intense manner and according to the witness, appeared to be metallic in nature. Another witness also reported seeing the same object moving at a low altitude. The investigator concludes the report based on the evaluation given by USAF Satellite Tracking Program which suggests the object was an atmospheric entry.

- page 5 -

