The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 18 NOV 61
2. LOCATION: Columbus, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1500-1520
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: [X] Ground-Visual, [] Ground-Radar, [] Air Visual, [] Air-Intercept Radar
5. PHOTOS: [X] Yes, [] No
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1 ea time
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 min and 20 min
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: White obj, traveling sun, aluminum color, disappeared into sun.
9. COURSE: SW
10. COMMENTS: Observation of possible balloon, no apparent shapes or balloon present.
11. CONCLUSIONS: [X] Probably Balloon, [] Possibly Balloon, [] Was Aircraft, [] Possibly Aircraft, [] Was Astronomical, [] Probably Astronomical, [] Other, [] Insufficient Data for Evaluation, [] Unknown

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. This appears to be a page from a UFO report form with various questions and answer options related to the witness's observation of the object at night, including questions about the stars, moon, and characteristics of the observed object.

Now, acting as an OCR system, I will output all the text found in the document:

8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight — pitch dark d. Don't remember
9. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember 
10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? Brief
11. Did the object: a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know c. Break into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't Know h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know
12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: 
13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know
15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image shows a form with questions and space for answers, but no photograph.

Text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Soft
b. Color - White

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
The witness drew a sketch of an object that appears to be circular or oval-shaped, with no details or trails indicated.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
         b. Like a bright star
         c. Sharply outlined
         d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
1
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
The witness drew a sketch showing a single object.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions about an unidentified object observation.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, or "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
24. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One): a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other (specify).

26. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?, b. In the residential section of a city?, c. In open countryside?, d. Near an airfield?, e. Flying over a city?, f. Flying over open country?, g. Other.

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest. 28.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour. 28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): Yes, No.

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One): a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Overhead.

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One): a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Overhead.

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation). 31.1 When it first appeared: a. From true North 370 degrees, b. From horizon 70 degrees. 31.2 When it disappeared: a. From true North 270 degrees, b. From horizon 70 degrees.

- page 5 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line with an object above the horizon (skyline) and instructions to indicate the height of the object above the horizon. The second sketch shows a larger landscape view with a person standing on a road, and a smaller inset sketch showing a person against a landscape backdrop.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: 12/4/    Month: Year: 1961   Office: ATIC - 370

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? 
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

39. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Authentic

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a questionnaire filled out by a witness.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 9000

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
Age: 29 Sex: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent. NONE

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 20 - 11 - 61

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text in the document is as follows:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No Didh't seem to be moving

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ________

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 50 to 100 ft

41. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City State Zip
TELEPHONE NUMBER 

Age: 16 Sex: M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 28 Day 11 Month 1961 Year

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet used to record information about a reported event.

OCR text output:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)
In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME (Please Print)
SIGNATURE
DATE 11-22-61

On 11-22-61 at approx 9:10 pm witnessed strange object in sky. Object appeared to be stationary at first then slowly moved off to the west at a high rate of speed. Object appeared to be about 3 times size of our dog star and showed a red-orange color. Object seemed to oscillate as it moved off in the distance. It was then lost from sight. No sound was heard and no aircraft lights were visible.

- page 10 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch, but no photograph. The sketch appears to depict some geometric shapes and lines, but does not seem to represent any recognizable object or scene.

Text output from the document:

PROJECTBLUE BOOK
SPECIAL REPORT NO. 14
DATE: 8 NOVEMBER 1961
CASE NO: CC-1961-4697-719
CITY: COLUMBUS, OHIO
DATE OF SIGHTING: 8 NOVEMBER 1961
TIME OF SIGHTING: 2:05 PM EST
WITNESSES: MRS. MARY ANN WILSON
OBJECTS SIGHTED: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
INVESTIGATION:
1. MRS. MARY ANN WILSON REPORTED AN UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT IN THE SKY OVER COLUMBUS, OHIO ON 8 NOVEMBER 1961 AT APPROXIMATELY 2:05 PM EST. SHE STATES THAT THE OBJECT WAS ROUND IN SHAPE, METALLIC IN APPEARANCE AND HOVERING IN THE AIR. IT SUDDENLY ACCELERATED AND DISAPPEARED FROM VIEW.
2. THE WITNESS MADE A SKETCH OF THE OBJECT AS SHE OBSERVED IT.
3. THERE WERE NO OTHER KNOWN WITNESSES TO THIS EVENT.
4. AN INVESTIGATION WAS CONDUCTED, BUT NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR EVIDENCE WAS OBTAINED.
CONCLUSION:
THE AVAILABLE EVIDENCE IS INSUFFICIENT TO IDENTIFY THE NATURE OR ORIGIN OF THE UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORTED BY MRS. WILSON. THE CASE IS CLASSIFIED AS UNIDENTIFIED.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire designed to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that have been observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?

2. Time of day: 5 Hour 10 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or Country
Additional remarks:

5. How long was object in sight?
Hours 5 Minutes Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY NIGHT
a. Bright a. Bright
b. Cloudy b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FORM FTD JUL 21 164 This form supersedes ATIC 14-1, FEB 66, which is obsolete.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains a questionnaire with various questions and multiple-choice answers related to the observation of an unidentified object.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. THE OBJECT APPEARED:
(Circle One):
a. As a light
b. Shiny
c. Dark
d. Don't remember

10. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS?
/ 25

11. DID THE OBJECT:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Change brightness?
e. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

12. DID THE OBJECT MOVE BEHIND SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circle One):
Yes
No
Don't Know.
IF YOU ANSWERED YES, THEN TELL WHAT:

13. DID THE OBJECT MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circle One):
Yes
No
Don't Know.
IF YOU ANSWERED YES, THEN TELL WHAT:

14. DID THE OBJECT APPEAR:
(Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't Know

15. DID YOU OBSERVE THE OBJECT THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING?
a. Eyeglasses
Yes
No
g. Binoculars
Yes
No
b. Sun glasses
Yes
No
f. Telescope
Yes
No
c. Windshield
Yes
No
h. Theodolite
Yes
No
d. Window glass
Yes
No
i. Other ____No____

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - No sound
b. Color - Lit up with bright reddish-yellow color

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially any vapor trails or smoke trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
The respondent has drawn a sketch showing a round or oval-shaped object moving from right to left, with a bright, glowing trail or vapor trail behind it. The object itself is described as "very far away" and "round" in shape.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Only one
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
No additional drawing is provided, as the respondent indicated there was only one object.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph, but rather a document page with a questionnaire related to a UFO sighting. 

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object, and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Probably about 2/3 inch

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No

24. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Looked similar to a star only brighter

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various questions about the witness's sighting of an unidentified object.

Transcribed text:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside? 
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other (describe) ________________________________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Watch chine for ball same time. Sitting near a window. Just happened to look up and saw it.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast h. Northwest
 
28.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North e. South i. Overhead
b. Northeast f. Southwest
c. East g. West
d. Southeast h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North e. South i. Overhead
b. Northeast f. Southwest
c. East g. West
d. Southeast h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees. 
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It consists of two sketches.

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

32. In the following sketch, imagine a point at the point shown. Place on "A" the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place on "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 17 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document, likely a report or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting or observation.

The text on the page includes questions and answer choices related to the weather conditions, the timing and reporting of the sighting, and the witness's opinion on what the observed object was and what might have caused it. However, the specific details provided by the witness have been redacted or obscured.

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Medium or thin clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One) 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
March ?, Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Redacted]

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Redacted]

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, specifically an Air Force Technical Information Sheet.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please note that the information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any reports or publications.
We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 6/1/61
2. Time of day: 3:20 Minutes: 00 (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Daylight Saving
4. Where were you when you saw the object? COLUMBUS, OHIO
5. How long was object in sight? 00 Hours 00 Minutes 00 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? c. Not very sure
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY - a. Bright NIGHT - b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): c. To your right

- page 19 -

