PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
29 Dec 61

2. LOCATION
Goodlettsville, Tennessee

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1745

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
XO Ground-Visual

GMT 29/2245Z

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5-15 sec

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
2

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Large cigar shaped objts larger than a/c. Golden color against pale blue sky. Vapor trails. 1 objt 195° other 155° moving 4-5 on horizontal path. Disappeared instantaneously. Looked like some form of a/c.

9. COURSE
SW end 85

11. COMMENTS
Contrails and flight characteristics indicate observation of a/c as probable cause.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
■ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
■ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions as the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Partially filled in with handwritten date and notes]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Mostly blacked out with some handwritten text]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten response partially visible]


- page 2 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   13 minutes for 120 lines

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?   Lumped

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?   2 miles northwest
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   northwest less

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]

ADDRESS: [Redacted]

TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]

Age   28   Sex   M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
1st Air Force (Sperry Revert) Pilot Civilian Private Pilot
Civil Engineer
Pilot Civilian Langley AFB
Test Flight Training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:   29     Dec     61
Note: [Partially illegible note]


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

Report taken by O.D. Capt RT Davis, Jr.

Page 9

(Handwritten text at top of form)

Printed form sections:
NAME: (Please Print)
SIGNATURE:
DATE:

(Do Not Write in This Space)
CODE:


- page 4 -

17 February 1962.

Commander Foreign Technology Division,
Wright Patterson Air Force Base,
Dayton, Ohio.

Attn: Aerial Phenomena Group

Dear Sir:

At 5:00 PM CST on December 29, 1961, Mr. [redacted] and
myself were travelling south on US 31W about 10 miles north of
Goodlettsville, Tennessee, when we saw what appeared to be strange
objects in the sky. After observing these objects in the sky for
sometime and being unable to identify them, I placed a call from a
roadside phone booth to WAFB and was connected with a duty officer
who made a report of my experience. During this conversation I was
told an investigation would be made and if the experience could not
be explained more information might be required from me. As I have
not been contacted, I assume the investigation resulted in a satisfactory
explanation.

The February 19 issue of Newsweek has a small article
describing the results of investigations performed last year and
states that a very few reports were unexplained.

I would like to know whether an investigation was conducted
on my report, and if so what were the results.

Sincerely,
[signature redacted]


- page 5 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TD-R/Major Friend/TW/69216
UFO Sighting, Goodlettsville, Tennessee

15 MAR 1962

Dear [redacted]

The UFO sighted by you and Mr. [redacted] on 29 December 1961, near Goodlettsville, Tennessee, was determined to be non-persistent condensation trails illuminated by sunlight.

The objects appeared to be only five times their width because the condensation trails were non-persistent and were dissipating soon after they were formed.

There are two types of condensation trails, aerodynamic and engine exhaust trails. Since the aerodynamic type is usually of extremely short duration, we will contain this explanation of engine exhaust trails. Engine exhaust trails arise when the water vapor in exhaust gas from an aircraft engine mixes with and saturates part of the surrounding air while the aircraft is passing. The fuel used in both jet and conventional aircraft is a hydrocarbon which, upon combustion, results in the addition of water vapor and heat to the wake of the aircraft. The formation and the persistence of trails of this type is a function of relative humidity, pressure, and temperature. These trails may persist for many hours or only a few seconds.

Though the sun had set at the time of your sighting, the condensation trails, due to their altitude, were still in sunlight. The color of the contrails is attributed to dispersion.

We thank you for your interest in reporting an incident which might have been important to the security of the United States.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
EDWARD L. FINN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

15 Mar 62


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
29     Dec     1961

2. Time of day: 1745
Hour        Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Goodlettsville     Tennessee
Nearest Postal Address    City or Town     State or Country

Additional remarks: 9 mi N Big Barn

5. How long was object in sight?
15     25     almost
Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain     b. Fairly certain     c. Not very sure     d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright sunset clear
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
b. In back of you     e. Overhead
c. To your right     f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164
FEB 60     This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):                8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                                a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                               b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                                c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember                       d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One):   a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
[Handwritten response appears to be: Objects brighter colored softer]

11. Did the object:                       (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?         Yes   No   Don't Know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?   Yes   No   Don't Know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?             Yes   No   Don't Know
    d. Give off smoke?                             Yes   No   Don't Know
    e. Change brightness?                          Yes   No   Don't Know
    f. Change shape?                               Yes   No   Don't Know
    g. Flash or flicker?                           Yes   No   Don't Know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                     Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [Handwritten response]

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: [Handwritten response]

14. Did the object appear:   (Circle One):   a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses                 Yes   No     e. Binoculars           Yes   No
    b. Sun glasses                Yes   No     f. Telescope            Yes   No
    c. Windshield                 Yes   No     g. Theodolite           Yes   No
    d. Window glass               Yes   No     h. Other


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: Tactile to unrecognizable sounds
b. Color: (illegible)

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Handwritten notes with a sketch showing directional movement, including:
"So out toward south (nothing - 15° West)
Object followed to point 30° West of South (and slowed)
10-20° above horizon (both objects)"

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

[Fuzzy or blurred option is circled]

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 2
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Additional handwritten notes at bottom of page]


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
Large like Plane

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Half Flat tooth pack at arm length would cover object

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes gone instantaneously

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Bright Kite


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other: 115 Meador Ln

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near on airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other:

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text, mostly illegible]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? [No value entered]

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest     i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest     i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North: 175 degrees.
b. From horizon: 10 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North: 1 degrees.
b. From horizon: 210 degrees.


- page 11 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

There is a handwritten note in the top right margin that appears to say "10 degrees horizon" but it is slightly illegible.


- page 12 -

