The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record card with details about a UFO sighting that occurred on December 29, 1961 in Bartlett, Illinois.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: Dec 29 1961
2. LOCATION: Bartlett, Illinois
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 2255Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 min.
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
9. COURSE: Erratic
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Observation of a cloudlike object that appeared solid, appeared stationary, broke into parts, flew erratic, glowed solid lights, golden similar to red-gold sun. Disappeared over horizon, appeared again, then banner with solid object at end of it. Observation as sun was setting in W and at times pieces dropped off.
11. COMMENTS: Observation of a cloudlike object that appeared solid with sun shining on it. Witness description of sighting fits with description of 5/c material and with conclusion that was astronomical, possibly explained.

- page 1 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line with an object above the horizon (skyline). The second sketch shows a larger landscape scene with a person in the foreground, as well as a smaller landscape scene in the bottom right corner.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document, produced as if by an OCR system:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)    WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Clear sky     a. Dry
b. Hazy      b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds    c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds   d. Snow
        e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
 up until very recently.

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)  Yes   No
* 36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)  Yes   No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
 Bartlett, Ill.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)  Yes   No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
(No response provided)

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I feel the object was most likely some type of unconventional aircraft being tested in the area. The speed, maneuverability, and lack of conventional propulsion seem to indicate some sort of experimental craft. This is just my opinion, but it seems to match the characteristics described.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historic United States Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 2(rC*a.iL*.I:i*./ rjm.js^.s

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 3 rr>i.->r:ir?s>

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted] [redacted] [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] [redacted], BARTLETT, ILLINOIS
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]

Age: 41 Sex: Female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
Tavei time Reetienoage c-sttiCations to-d a=r-ied Mrnrrjr arid housewife.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 1 - 8 - 62
DAY MONTH YEAR

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet containing a handwritten description.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME (Please Print)
(Redacted)

SIGNATURE 
(Redacted)

DATE
12 - 8 - 62

The handwritten text describes an observation of a "particular bright or luminous object hovering" on the night of 3/8/1962. The observer reports seeing the object hover, move, and then disappear, and provides additional details about the observation.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old document containing handwritten text.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

A circular halo of pure white light shown in the sky and was at first taken for a large stariy object. It seemed to remain stationary for a while and was difficult to determine whether it slowly drifted or slowly became dimmer. As the girl watched the object after her attention was first attracted to it, she observed that it seemed to decrease slowly in size. she could also see something in the center of this halo, that appeared to be a type of lens or mirror effect. The shape of this central portion was ill-defined and constantly changing. The entire phenomenon lasted for several minutes. The family did not see any means of propulsion or confirm the nature of the source of the light. Rather than speculate or theorize about the nature of this sighting, they reported it to the proper authorities as an unexplained aerial phenomenon.

- page 6 -

The image contains a handwritten letter, but does not appear to have any photographs.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image:

that the disk-like object had luminous points on both sides of the sphere (the hub) which varied in intensity -- the points were brighter on the right side as observed and not as bright on the left (the front portion of the object). Likewise, those same points on the rear portion of the object were brighter.

From merely considering this case, due to the property and vast appearance of any children and all the other sightings did neither discern nor resolve in our community who caused our attention due to very close of about none or gay ours (point especially to me sown the other).

Our county and City police force are in full knowledge of my reports and exhibit keen concerns due to any occurrence or sighting of this nature that may occur again, and I trust they will be on the alert to take proper action.

I name and would not want anything like the hype - just the analysis of the facts.

Very Truly yours
[Redacted]

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. The text in the document is as follows:

EVANS, Mrs David

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET
DATE: December, 1961
DATE/TIME GROUP: 22552
LOCATION: Bartlett, Illinois
PHOTO: YES   NO XX
SOURCE: MILITARY ___  CIVILIAN XX
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 minutes
SATELLITE: IN ORBIT: YES:   NO
ASTRONOMICAL PHENOMENA _NO
METEOR: 
STAR OR PLANET:
OTHER: 
AIRCRAFT _No
BALLOON _No
INSUFFICIENT DATA _No
OTHER Contrails
REFLECTION: _ INVERSION PRESENT _ PHOTO ANALYSIS 
SUN DOG: _ LENTICULAR CLOUD _ PHYSICAL SPECIMEN ANALYSIS
BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Observation of elongated object like cloud appearing as solid, gave off smoke, flickered, appeared to be going in direction of flight. The object was solid but long gleaming orange red banner with two balls dropping off the end of it. Observation continued for some time pieces of the object dropped off.

EVALUATION: CASE CATEGORY: Other (Condensation trails)
CONCLUSION: Observation was made toward setting sun or a cloud-like object that dissipated. Color of cloud with the sun shining on it. Witness' description of sighting fits with observation of A/C contrails and case listed as such.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten letter or report from "Bartlett, Illinois" dated January 8, 1962.

Bartlett, Illinois
January 8, 1962

4-16-0
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen,

Would you please send me a copy of the pamphlet on the Unidentified Flying Objects? The reason I'm asking is because me and my two children were the only witnesses of a small bright object which flew over our house on a Sunday evening. My husband was not at home, and I thought it was a little strange, but I paid no special attention until Tuesday evening when I ready my daily paper and saw that there were reports of sightings in our immediate vicinity. At the Western City, from our residence.

At approximately a height of about ten feet long, from this distance with a small pir of twinkling like stars. The larger we are not able to observe it closely more than a minute or so, as it disappeared from us rapidly and we lose sight of it entirely.

Thank you and the prompt attention in direction, I am,

Yours truly,

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document.

The text in the document is as follows:

"My daughter-in-law, what this article he medium did she was the thing pleasing object light coming north and then the place & I will say startled for the earth this was when I went to bed it was a over nine o'clock in the evening I was call the police- it I believe this may it of make some their land was. The between and I was question was what were these there recurring in the sky nope. I really think if someone put some pitch it was only thing they can do.

The police advise in the direction where the smoke was coming to insist on my request for what we actually found. Could this been a pilot room a over the airway from the many lights gets into traffic? expert of another plane?

There was my seeing as I could it to report, but ut the of find unknown how occurred. Mark you.

J. Bartlett, Illinois"

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text found in the document is as follows:

Dear Mrs. [REDACTED],

Your recent letter concerning an unidentified flying object has been received. 

From the information furnished, it is not possible to state what the object was. I have enclosed three copies of our standard questionnaire. Request you complete one of these and advise other witnesses complete the remaining copies.

It is desired to determine to the extent possible just what your local police were able to learn as a result of your call. You might also determine if the fire department made any observation.

Your interest in reporting this sighting is appreciated. Please forward the completed questionnaires in the enclosed pre-addressed envelopes. No postage is required.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR.
MAJOR, USAF
UFO PROJECT INFORMATION OFFICER
Office of Information Services

Bartlett, Illinois

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire filled out to gather information about an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 27 December 1961
2. Time of day: 4:35 (Circle One): a. A.M. or p.m.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): c. Central
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Bartlett, Illinois
5. How long was object in sight? ___ Hours ___ Minutes ___ Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? (It seems pretty short)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY Bright, b. NIGHT Bright
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you, b. In back of you, c. To your right

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, with a questionnaire for the observer to fill out.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
( ) Yes ( ) No

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Yes) (No) (Don't Know)
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? (Yes) (No) (Don't Know)
c. Break up into parts or explode? (Yes) (No) (Don't Know)
d. Give off smoke? (Yes) (No) (Don't Know)
e. Change brightness? (Yes) (No) (Don't Know)
f. Change shape? (Yes) (No) (Don't Know)
g. Flash or flicker? (Yes) (No) (Don't Know)
h. Disappear and reappear? (Yes) (No) (Don't Know)

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): (Yes) (No) (Don't Know) IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): (Yes) (No) (Don't Know) IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (Yes) (No)
b. Sun glasses (Yes) (No)
c. Windshield (Yes) (No)
d. Window glass (Yes) (No)
e. Binoculars (Yes) (No)
f. Telescope (Yes) (No)
g. Theodolite (Yes) (No)
h. Other

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document related to Project Blue Book.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound - Faint noises heard
b. Color - Described as bluish-white in color

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
The sketch shows a horizontal line with one object represented by a dot, and an arrow pointing to the right to indicate the direction of movement.

18. The edges of the object were: (Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember
The edges of the object were sharply outlined.

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 2 to 5 or more
The sketch shows two objects represented by dots, with an arrow indicating the direction they were traveling.

OCR Text Output:
16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound - Faint noises heard
b. Color - Described as bluish-white in color
17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 2 to 5 or more

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, with instructions and questions for the observer.

Text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

EAST

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object, and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

It appears to be a form requesting details about a reported UFO sighting, including instructions to draw the object's path of motion and questions about the size, angular appearance, and disappearance of the object.

- page 15 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a series of questions and responses.

OCR Text Output:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was driving along a country road on the way home from work when the object suddenly appeared in the southern sky. It was moving silently and at a high rate of speed compared to any aircraft I have ever seen. I was very puzzled by its appearance and speed.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest 
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)
Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared: 
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees.

- page 16 -

