PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
29 Nov 61

2. LOCATION
Stanley, Idaho

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local - 1615

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual   ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual      ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
Stationary

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Bright, white, a very lustrous pearl. Clouds moved in front of it and behind it.

11. COMMENTS
Identifying cloud. Due to location, position, and wind direction, this could be a cloud formation. There is no reason to believe that this was anything other than a cloud formation. The cloud does not move with wind but holds a fixed position relative to some point.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other:
☒ Insufficient Data for Evaluation


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

[Handwritten: occasionally]

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen this object?
[Partially handwritten, mostly illegible]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses.
[Partially obscured/blacked out]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten: We were unable to identify it with any object seen in previous experience.]

Page 7 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 2 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
Object was very stationary

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
Farther than one mile
Last then 3 miles
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Cloud area ground level

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Idaho Falls, Idaho
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
Age 46 Box [redacted]

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
7th AF, WWII, radio operator, much gunner B24 aviation
MS Biology, Merchant Marine experience
Considered qualified observer both Air Force and
Merchant Marine.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
26 June 1961


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use
the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-
port information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments,
statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observa-
tion in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached
if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: June 16, 1961

We were on a reconnaissance trip Eightmile Creek to locate a likely route-up Mt. Thompson, Sawtooth Range, near Stanley, Idaho. We stopped to rest and inspect the mountain with binoculars. The sky was clear blue. Small clouds and occasional sprinkles of rain were blowing by the west edge. We saw the object and all looked at it with binoculars. The edges were sharp but no features. It appeared a still, magnetically compressed spheroid, stationary behind it. A small cloud passed by its front and behind it. After some minutes, a larger cloud passed in front of it. When it was about 5 min, several minutes the object was still clear. Object seemed too large to be anything within my experience.


- page 4 -

what it was not. (any finish)

Moon - no features could be seen even with
binoculars. It was overly and horizontally
compressed, major axis about 1½ minor axis.

Large balloon- three appear longer in vertical axis
rather than horizontal.

Small balloon- much too large. I have seen many
of these. Distance was too far.

Star or moon - Much too large for planet. I have
seen these in day time. Object did not
move lower in sky or set. After a few
minutes behind clouds, sky was clear. There
was not time enough for moon to set
during occlusion.


- page 5 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Partially filled out, but specific date is not clearly legible]

2. Time of day: [Partially filled out, but specific time is not clearly legible]
(Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern
            b. Central
            c. Mountain
            d. Pacific
            e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Address and location details are redacted/blacked out]

Additional remarks: [Partially legible, appears to mention something about Central City]

5. How long was object in sight?
   Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
    a. Stopwatch
    b. Certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                   NIGHT
    a. Bright             a. Bright
    b. Cloudy             b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    (Circle One) a. In front of you    d. To your left
                b. In back of you     e. Overhead
                c. To your right      f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 15 Oct 54.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?         Yes   No   Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?   Yes   No   Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode?         Yes   No   Don't Know
d. Give off smoke?             Yes   No   Don't Know
e. Change brightness?           Yes   No   Don't Know
f. Change shape?             Yes   No   Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker?            Yes   No   Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear?         Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: ____________

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of: ____________

14. Did the object appear:   (Circle One):   a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No     e. Binoculars     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No     f. Telescope      Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No     g. Theodolite     Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No     h. Other          Yes   No


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: [partially illegible text]
b. Color: [partially illegible text]

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn oval/elliptical shape is sketched]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
            b. Like a bright star
            c. Sharply outlined
            d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[The bottom section of the page is blank]


- page 8 -

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
yes, came never appeared to go away, just seemed to fade out

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object set or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
m/s nearly 1 mile away 1 pattern


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with hearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was viewed from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees.


- page 10 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 11 -

AFCIL-18/Major Friend/rw/69216

UFO Sighting

Hq USAF
AFOIN-3c (Major Coleman)
Washington 25, D.C.

16 JUN 1961

Attached is a copy of a letter from Mr. [redacted] reporting the sighting of a UFO. The information in Mr. [redacted] letter is insufficient to allow a valid conclusion. Requires you forward two copies of ATIC Form 164 dated February 1960 (UFO Questionnaire) to Mr. [redacted] to be completed by him and another witness. The completed form should be forwarded directly to ATIC.

[Signature]
PHILIP O. DAVIS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

1 Atch
Ltr fm Mr. [redacted] dtd 3 Jun 61,
Thermo-fax cy.

COORDINATION: AFCIN-43
Major Robert J. Friend    DATE 16 Jun '61


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day             Month           Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)   Yes    No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)   Yes    No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted/blacked out text]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)   Yes    No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Partially legible handwritten text, appears to read: "Seem to be the first object sighted, wanted to get the rear of the object, it was a reflection."]

Page 7 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 13 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]

Age: 28   Sex: M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
B.S. degree in Mechanical Engineering
Employed on K.D. at Atomic Energy, Idaho Falls, Idaho

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [Blank]

Page 3


- page 14 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use
the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-
peat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments,
statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observa-
tion in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached
if they are needed.

NAME                                                                   (Do Not Write in This Space)
                (Please Print)                                         CODE:

SIGNATURE

DATE

Page 9


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

ASTRONOMY                                     SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for April 22, 1961

Mars Only Planet Now Visible
Three first magnitude stars are conspicuous in the south during May evenings. Mars is nearly 100,000,000 miles farther away than at Christmas, James Stokley reports.

• ALTHOUGH THE EVENING skies of May are crowded of bright stars, none of the first magnitude stars will show as much light as they have been 1,000 years ago, now that the earth is farther from the sun in its orbit and two hours earlier at the end of the month.

The only planet noticeable is Mars, held to a bright star in the constellation Virgo. It will be at its greatest brilliance, approaching to within 56,000,000 miles of earth. In the first half of May it will be about a hundred million miles farther, so it has faded greatly. It is now about equal to a bright star of the second magnitude.

Comparing across the sky, Mars is the brightest object in the south, all of first magnitude. High in the southeast, in Leo, the lion, is Regulus, which is at the end of the handle (direct downward) of a smaller figure known as the sickle of Leo. It is supposed to mark the lion's head, as he was depicted on the old star maps. To the left is a second magnitude star called Denebola, which marks the end of the tail.

Among them is first magnitude Spica. And above the lefthand end of this group you will find Bootes, the husbandman, with brilliant Arcturus, also first magnitude.

Antares Now Low in Sky

Close to the horizon, in the southeast part of Scorpius, the scorpion, is Antares, a first magnitude star. It is the heart of the first magnitude. Here, however, it is so low in the sky as to be just visible through a great thickness of the earth's atmosphere. This is shown with the small chart at the bottom of the page. It will be higher in the western sky, and its color will change with its position.

Turning to the west, a trio of the typical winter constellations, appearing for the last time, are visible. In the northwest, Capella, the brightest star of the first magnitude, and Castor (second). To the left is Cassis Minor, the lesser dog with Procyon, while Capella, to the right, is in Auriga, the charioteer.

In the west, in the constellation Lyra, the lyre, Vega is to the right, while to the left is Cygnus, the swan, and part of which is visible. But in this part of the star Deneb, another bright star is dimmed by reason of the heat. This group will climb higher into the sky, and become more prominent, during the coming evening.

[The rest of the page contains two star charts showing the night sky positions of various stars and constellations.]


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the page:

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for April 22, 1961

FIELDS

DENTISTRY
Mayflower Genealogy
Shows Poor Teeth Legacy

AT LEAST TWO FAMILIES with
Mayflower ancestry are not proud of their
inherited dental characteristics today.
The defect they have inherited causes a
brown or yellowish appearance of the teeth.
The disorder, called amelogenesis imperfecta, seems the result of a genetic inheritance of poor tooth enamel. It is an
inherited disease.

The two families, with the dental lineage
were both descended from persons who
came over on the Mayflower. Dr. Sidney B.
Finn of the University of Alabama School
of Dentistry, Birmingham, reported to
the American Dental Association meeting
held at the National Institute of Dental
Research, Bethesda, Md.

It is entirely plausible, he said, that the
families are related, since it would not be
difficult to find two families with the defect
would be rare. Dr. Finn reported, one in every 8,000
was found to have the disorder. It has been
traced back hundreds of years in various
families.

In appearance, the tooth enamel is normal-looking, it fractures easily. The
crown wear easily and are frequently seen
with the gum line.

In spite of the defects of the dentine and
enamel, the teeth often have normal
function. The American Dental Association reported the findings.

MEDICINE
Hope Seen for Skid Row
Chronic Alcoholics

THERE IS HOPE for the skid row
chronic alcoholic. Studies of were made
by a team at Tulane University Medical Center, New Orleans, under the direction of the project's principal investigator, Dr. Robert Q. Masterson.

The findings should be interpreted with
caution because of the small number of patients who were studied. But the preliminary results are encouraging. At a recent Alcoholism meeting in Washington, the team reported on 25 patients who had been treated by group
psychotherapy, showed better control of
drinking, and their tendency to relapse was
less than among those untreated.

Some of them had left (skid row) and were
turning to a longer-time basis. There was
less use of free housing and transient
quarters. Greater income in average and
more stable employment, fewer skid row
affiliations were seen, and some of
the treated patients were actually employed.

"One individual rapid some of the
money he had been earning in his life that he
had not been able to save before," Dr. Finn
mentioned. "After 20 years of chronic trouble, some 20 years after the first symptoms, a few days at a time."

Prends group therapy letter received at meetings following declaration
of the findings by Dr. Masterson.
- Science News Letter, 79,829 April 22, 1961

MEDICINE
No Lower Limit
For Radiation Damage

THIRD Is No Easy Task
amount of radiation that will cause damage
to man.

The problem of how much radiation is harmful to humans is still being investigated by William L. Russell of Oak Ridge
National Laboratories and Dr. William C.
Moloney, chief of the Genetics Section in
Washington, D. C., that the effects of radiation exposure could be measured no differences in mutation rates
when doses were equal over varying
periods of time.

In his experiments with mice, Dr. Russell
found that a dosage rate of 800 roentgens
at 90 hours per week could mutation rates
equal to a dosage of 10 roentgens per week
during 39 weeks.

During microscopic examinations of
chromosomes in the gonads (sex organs) is probably not higher than 48
roentgens per hour. Dr. Russell said. He
said the "genetic risk from such exposure
would be somewhat lower than had been
estimated on the basis of high dose rates."

Dr. James V. Neel of the University of
Michigan Medical School commented that
a study of total mutation rate from such
a dosage is not a plug of every sitting in
our room. "We know that the possible
inherited dental abnormalities with "play
the same useful role that the hidden areas
of metabolism do for medicine," Dr. Neel
told the symposium sponsored by the
American Dental Association and supported by a grant from the National Institutes of Health.

Dr. Neel said that the possible effects of
the genes are genetically overlooked by
the effects of poor diet and poor dental
hygiene. It is evident, difficult for the
geneticist to determine what role inherited
factors play in dental decay. He cited
studies showing that some of the most
important factors in tooth decay are not
genetic but environmental.

MEDICINE
Use Steroids Cautiously,
Pediatricians Warned

HAZARDS as well as benefits result
when corticosteroid drugs are prescribed for
children's ailments, Dr. Thomas A. Gad, of
the University of Maryland School of
Medicine, Baltimore, continued in Washington.

Pediatric meeting of the American
Academy of Pediatrics, in such diseases
as sympathetic tachemia, juvenile rheumatoid
arthritis, progressive systemic sclerosis,
erythema multiforme, vasculitis, systemic
chest diseases, immunologic and
joint disorders.

In most of the inflammatory diseases, in
which corticosteroids are used, no initial
large dosage is required, but the dosage
then tapered to achieve the lowest minimum.

If there are side effects of major importance such as high blood pressure, in
formation of blood vessel, neural disturbances, convulsions, peripheral neuritis,
diabetes, serious eye alterations should be
avoided.

Minor side effects can be controlled by
simple measures such as diet, avoidance of
sedentary life.

Discontinuation of steroid therapy must
be gradual. Patients on steroid therapy
should be advised, as patients may actually
appear to be addicted to a steroid.

PHYSICS
Origin of Oceans Seen
Related to Solar Wind

THE OCEANS of the earth were formed
with a particle of hydrogen traveling from
the sun and combining with oxygen when
they reached the earth.

Hydrogen traveling with oxygen of the
solar wind according to Dr. A. E. Turville
in the British Interaction, England, reports
in Nature, March 11, suggests a mechanism
occurring for billions of years, is still
continuing.

Dr. de Turville says that if the total
amount of hydrogen from the traveling of
the solar wind were converted to water, the
equivalent to the present oceans would be
stored by the oceans. Although some of the
hydrogen particles are captured by the
earth's magnetic field, the volume of water
formed in such a way is very small compared to the present oceans.

Alone one and a half tons of hydrogen
particles probably reach earth each year.
The solar wind, which carries these particles, can make a long journey, stopping at
special instruments, are that may be
placed in space.


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

1. Science de Camp—Doubleday, 305 p. 5x7½
Tell of 42 American inventors who, between
1850 and World War I, in their own small
laboratories, accomplished feats that revolution-
ized our way of life.

Printer—George Miksch Sutton—Univ. of Okla
Press, 323 p. illus. for nature, topo. Ornitholo-
gical, geological, and observations while
visiting southern lands.

Personal Achievements—Newcomb, Extra
exc.—Dept. of the Air Force—1973, 25 p.
paper, $2. Techniques of team, from "taking
over" to "turning over" of a project.

Air Installations—Peter Cosey: The Pneu-
matic Pedestal—Samuel P. Hays—Public
Works, 102 p. paper, $1. Social scien-
tists and management consultants for many, re-
lated to the design of air installations.

The Lighting Book—Peter E. Wendler—
Doubleday, 316 p. illus. $4.50. Provides the
general reader with a broad understanding of
the more significant aspects of lighting.

The Mews or Ray—Johannes Deusch,
trans. from German by Charles Fullman—
Wiley, 256 p. photographs, $5.75. Describes
how different rays may be produced and tells
how they are used in various applications. Mews
are made 4 each group of rays.

National Society in the Nuclear Age—
Bess Furman, 224 p. Doubleday. B. Tanen
Baum, 50¢. paper. Gives a comprehensive
p. 5¢. Essay both historical and theoretical,
dealing basically with the "limited war" aspects
of military preparedness.

Fire Nature or Violent Storms—Louis
Figuier, trans. from French by Geo. Stodder—
Explains the nature of weather in terms of
thunderstorms, tornadoes, hurricanes and
other violent manifestations of nature.

Pioneers of Flight—Melvin Schoenbrun, Richard
G. Hubler, et al. McGraw-Hill, 256 p. illus-
trated, 553 p. illus. $4.95. Introductory course,
presenting first-hand experiences of young
pioneers.

Petroleum—William Olechnicky, transl. from
Russian by Lydia Soloveytchik, 68 p. 223
p. illus. by G. Nikolsky, $4.50. Russian
Akademizdat publication of basic scientific
fiction designed to interest young people in the
science of geology.

Processes of Electricity and Manufacture
—Eugene M. Such and Eugene W. Putnam—
McGraw-Hill, 450 p. illus. $7.50. De-
signed for students of electrical engineering,
mathematical background advanced.

Rocket Missiles and Space Travel—
Willy Ley, 318 p. rev. ed., 306 p. illus.
Viking, $6. Brings up to date the author's
Survey in Space—L. V. Berkner and Hugh
Odishaw, eds. McGraw-Hill, 413 p. illus.
Thorough coverage by outstanding authorities,
analyzing the achievements and new scientific
knowledge in the field of space research. Designed
to reach workers, but also of interest to the
general reader concerned about the scientific
space effort.

Science Dictionary—John M. Weisenfeld,
Philosophical Library, 71 p. $3.75. Mono-
graphic consider, the current technological
terminology of radio, broadcast and electronics
of use.


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

would have to be there, if there is ice and
snow, or vegetation.

In a report to the Astronomical Society
of the Pacific, three astronomers of the
Georgetown University Observatory, Wash-
ington, D. C., Dr. G. Gamil, Dr. H. Kahn,
and S. Kiner, suggest a new interpretation
of the Martian features. They attribute the
effects to oxide of nitrogen—contributions
of that element with oxygen.

The Martian atmosphere does not contain oxygen and water vapor, along with
nitrogen, in a composition much like our
atmosphere. But the water has all been de-
composed. The action of heat, or lack
of water, has caused this. Consequently,
the surface. The oxygen combined chemi-
cally with other surface elements, as well as
with nitrogen in the atmosphere. Thus
would have resulted the oxide of nitrogen,
of which there are a number.

Several of these, the scientists propose,
would exist in the atmosphere. One of
these is nitrogen tetroxide, made of
molecules consisting of two atoms of nitro-
gen and four of oxygen (N2O4).

When it becomes cold enough around the
poles of Mars, this nitrogen tetroxide ret-
rograde would deposit on the ground in
solid form, in which it is chalky-white. As
the temperature rises, it sublimes, that is, it
goes directly to a gaseous phase without
becoming a liquid. Then as the gases
migrate over the planet, probably combined
with other gases, it changes the color of min-
eral deposits along the way, producing the
blues and greens that are observed. Later
these would revert back to their former
color.

From our "again", the Georgetown
scientists report "the yellow clouds or
images of nitrogen dioxide (NO2) gas of
greater than normal concentration, formed
wherever the surface or atmosphere is
warm" as the cause of the blue-green col-
oration. The nitrogen tetroxide will di-
gen retrograde will dissociate into the dioxide
with its characteristic yellow color. Color
saturation will depend on the concentration
of the NO2 molecules. When the tempera-
ture drops, the gas will condense and re-
crystallize to form N2O4 gas, and the yellow
will with disappear.

If such an explanation is correct, they
point out, it will be necessary to abandon
all ideas of Mars as an abode of life. The
nature of nitrogen dioxide and nitrogen
tetroxide is toxic to most forms of plant,
plants, and in larger amounts to animals.

Near our urban centers, it is one of the
pollutants causing damage to vegetation.

Celestial Time Table for May

[A table of celestial events for May is included, listing various moon and planetary positions and times]

Science News Letter 79:279, Augl 22, 1961


- page 19 -

No Case (Information Only)
Source: NICAP

19 May 1961
Long Beach, California

The visible text appears to be a clipping from a document, but parts of it are partially obscured or cut off, making some words illegible. The text seems to be discussing some kind of investigation or report, but without clear context due to the partial visibility of the text.


- page 20 -

My Ci, North Shore, Lt. -- Charles
Gorman, partner, airman, along with
a friend and member signed a report
stating that on 15 Jan. The report
was made to the MCAS, dropped and lost
sight of an unidentified air eastern


- page 21 -

The text on the page is partially legible. Here is what I can make out:

[First few words are illegible]
... UO's and Blue Book of White
... saucer reported hovering near
... to a rancher. The source of
... was a rancher who was driv-
... placed from high overhead to
... was a visual sighting with
... sighting or ground traces were
... wings were visible and the ap-
... like.

The rest of the text is too blurry or cut off to read with certainty.


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

Idaho 3138, Idaho
June 8, 1961

Commanding Officer
Air Development Center (ADC)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Sir:

I have observed in the recent past that we do me and others
an unidentifiable object. If you still wish me to
provide you with more details, I could be of help. I will
it or give it such amount of security as you could wish.

To my knowledge this sighting was not seen given any publicity
nor will it until reported and reviewed.

Very truly yours,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 23 -

MAY 22, 1961, PARAISO DEL TUY, VENEZUELA (LORENZEN P 249)   20* WITNESSES

AT 10 A.M. ON MONDAY, MAY 22, 1961 AN DVOID ALUMINUM COLORED OBJECT FLEW   01
SILENTLY OVER THE ROLLING HILLS OF SANTA TERESA DEL TUY, STATY KILOMETERS FROM   02
CARACAS; AND LANDED ON A HILL NEAR THE SITE OF EARTH-MOVING OPERATIONS IN THE   03
PARAISO DEL TUY AREA.   THE OBJECT WAS SEEN BY MORE THAN TWENTY PEOPLE, AMONG   04
THEM ENGINEERS, TOPOGRAPHERS AND A POLICE OFFICER.   THEY SAID IT MOVE A PATH   05
IN AND OUT OF THE HILLS, DODGING TREES AND FLYING AT A LOW SPEED.   IT STOPPED   06
IN THE AIR OVER A STRETCH OF AGAMLOTE GRASS.   ONE OF THE OBSERVERS, DR.   07
[REDACTED] LEAPED INTO HIS JEEP AND FOLLOWED THE PATH OF THE OBJECT, CATCHING   08
IN WITH IT JUST IN TIME TO SEE IT DUCK BEHIND A HILLOCK.   AS HE REACHED A BEND   09
IN THE ROAD HE SAW THE OBJECT TAKING OFF TO VANISH AGAIN BEHIND SOME HILLS   10
FARTHER IN THE DISTANCE.   ON REACHING THE SPOT LATER, HE WAS SURPRISED TO FIND   11
THAT THE TALL AGAMLOTE GRASS WAS FLATTENED TOWARD THE GROUND IN A ROUGHLY   12
CIRCULAR AREA ABOUT SIXTY FEET IN DIAMETER.   ANSWERS TO INQUIRIES BY   13
[REDACTED] AERO-S VENEZUELAN REPRESENTATIVE, INDICATED THAT THERE   14
VICARIO DANTE, RESIDENT TOPOGRAPHER AND EX-LIEUTENANT IN THE ITALIAN   15
ANTI-AIRCRAFT CORPS, ALSO SAW THE OBJECT.   HE TOLD GANTUCAIME, THAT IT WAS   16
NEITHER PLANE, HELICOPTER, BALLOON, ROCKET NOR OTHER KNOWN FLYING MACHINE; AND   17
SEEMED TO BE MOVING, IN A SORT OF WHITE CLOUD WITH FUZZY EDGES.   18
GANTUCAIME INVESTIGATED AND FOUND THE FLATTENED GRASS.   HE PHOTOGRAPHED THE   19
AREA AND FURTHER EXAMINATION SHOWED THAT THE ROOTS OF THE GRASS APPEARED TO   20
BE BURNED.   21
   22


- page 24 -

The text on this page is partially legible. Here is what I can make out:

[First few lines are mostly illegible]

... much noted in other
... clear, and another
... taking
... to distinguish
... to
... to

[The rest of the text is too blurry or faint to confidently transcribe]


- page 25 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
29 May 1961
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 2 45
             (Circle One)     or P.M.
             Hour   Minutes

3. Time Zone: (Circle One):   a. Eastern
                               b. Central
                               c. Mountain
                               d. Pacific
                               e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
              b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Red Fish Lake Lodge     Stanley     Idaho
Additional remarks: Near Fish hook Lake, base Mt. Thompson

5. How long was object in sight?
                                 10
                                 Minutes
Hours                            Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure
                         d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                             NIGHT
a. Clear                        a. Bright
b. Cloudy                       b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at this object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
              b. In back of you
              c. To your right

              d. Toward left
              e. Overhead
              f. Don't remember

ATIC Form 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 15 Oct 54.


- page 26 -

8. If you saw this object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. Is it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: Clouds

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: Clouds

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

(Circle One)
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No

e. Binoculars
f. Telescope
g. Theodolite
h. Other

(Circle One)
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No


- page 27 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: none
b. Color: steel gray

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of mountains with annotations]
Wind
Mt. Thompson
High sky was bright blue
could clouds from local showers
passed both behind and in
front of object

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank]

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? one only
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[The bottom section of the form is blank]


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, end show any changes in direction during the course.
did not move

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
10 to 20°

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About half

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? a cloud passed in front of it. after a few minutes (3) the cloud passed and object was gone.

24. In order that you can give as close a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw:
somewhat similar to the daytime moon. object was horizontally compressed. major axis about 1½ minor axis.


- page 29 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Resting. We were looking for camp site in Mt. Shasta area with binoculars. Temperatures for taking climbing club up it.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at this time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing forms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 260 degrees.
b. From horizon 20 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.


- page 30 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on this curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 31 -

