PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
31 Jul 1 Aug 61

2. LOCATION
Plainview, New York

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local 1245, 2010

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. PHOTOS
□ Yes
[X] No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Seconds
2nd 3-6 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
NINE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING?
Obj going NE at 1000mph. 1st on 31 Jul; 2nd on 1 Aug. Both had same characteristics. 1st sighting (distinguished after 5 mi) would take seconds to travel distance). 1st sighting was characteristic of fireball.

11. COMMENTS
Obs with error near diligent pattern. Witnessed after 5 mi. This an German Aircraft and speed and characteristics point to Jet, a/c. However witness familiarity with known a/c indicates that this is possible best of never cancellation. 1st sighting was probably a bolide. 2nd probably a/c.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
[X] Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you FIRST saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you LAST saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place on "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it. Place on "B" the position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete it.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)    WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Clear sky            a. Dry
b. Hazy                 b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds     c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds d. Snow
                        e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
MOTHER FAMILY + FRIENDS
Day            Month           Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
MY MOTHER

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I thought it might be a malfunction defense made on because I live close 4 miles from Grumman and aircraft it could have been a gift of it was looked odd to me


- page 3 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1500 - 15,000 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 40,000 ft.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]

ADDRESS: [redacted] Plainview N.Y.

TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]

Age: 12½ Sex: Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
The information I have about Aeronautics I gathered from books

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [date left blank]

Page 9


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: August 11, 1961

"The first object:
I was in my room playing my guitar when I heard an airplane. I picked up my binoculars and ran outside. After the plane disappeared, this object the horizon then slant up from a horizontal path across the sky then disappeared.

Second:
The time I was on my front porch which place [word] looking at the sky when this object appeared. It made a few flying and path across the..."

[Note: The last sentence appears to be cut off]


- page 5 -

Dr. H. was too was a polygonal one. Often object 6 minutes sloped the object disappeared and I never saw another.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

902

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for June 24, 1961

ASTRONOMY

Jupiter and Saturn Now in View

The planet Jupiter can be seen in the southeast during July and is brighter than any star in the sky. Saturn rises earlier but is fainter, James Stokley reports.

BRILLIANT JUPITER has now come into view. FAIR, bright, and still prominent, are several other first magnitude stars visible these July nights. Directly above Vega in the east, and about half on the northern sky map and half on the southern, is Lyra, the lyre, with Vega. Below (shown on the northern map) is Corona, the crown, with Bootes. And to the right (on the map) is Altair, in Aquila, the eagle.

There are two planets not already mentioned, which are sometimes visible to the naked eye, both of them come into view during July. These are Venus, the morning star, First of these is Venus, it appears above the northeastern horizon about two hours before sunrise, in Taurus, the bull. In brightness, it just about matches Jupiter.

Second is Mercury, innermost of all the planets. On June 19 is farthest east of the sun it will ever get this year. It also will be visible low in the northeast before sunrise, but not until the sky is already brightened with the dawn.

Now that Jupiter and Saturn have been discussed, it is worth noting that in many months, it might be of interest to see why these planets do not become visible at the same time every year.

Jupiter has a year of 11 5/6 of our years. That is, it takes that long for Jupiter to go once around the sun. When the earth, with its faster movement, overtakes Jupiter, it appears to move backward.

Summer Constellations Appear

Extending across the southern sky, some of the characteristic and prominent constellations of the summer evening can be seen. The most conspicuous of these is Scorpius, the scorpion. The constellation Ophiuchus has some resemblance to the thing after which it is named. A scorpion's tail describes a curl around in the same manner as the stars in the part of the figure toward the horizon. Nearby are the constellations Libra, Virgo, Antares. This name means "rival of Mars," and was given because both star and planet have a similar red color.

To the left of Scorpius is Sagittarius, the archer. If you have a good imagination, it is hard to see an archer among those stars, but you can easily trace them into a teapot. The spout is next to the scorpion's tail, and the handle to the left (just over the R in the name of the group, on the star map).

Libra, the scales, is on the right-hand side of the map, with the first magnitude star called Spica. Continuing to the right of this group, you come to Leo, the lion, which is shown on the map of the northern sky. If you look carefully, you can see part of our July evening's Mars. However, it is so far away (nearly 50,000,000 miles, more than twice as far as the sun) that it has become quite faint.

In addition to the star maps, there

that planet is in "opposition," in other words, it is directly opposite to the sun. This will happen July 25 and then Jupiter will be at its closest for the year, at a distance of about 500,000,000 miles.

In the case of Jupiter, it has made a complete circuit of its orbit, but Jupiter will then have moved about 1/12 of the way around its circular path. Not until Aug. 31 will we catch up to Jupiter next year, and so that planet will be far there east among the background stars. The same thing happens with the other planets, is easily.

But if you watch Jupiter from night to night, you will find that now it is moving toward the west—from the constellation Virgo toward Sagittarius. Its motion is now "retrograde" its usual movement to the east.

Ancient Astronomy

In ancient times, when even astronomers thought that the sun, the moon and the planets all revolved around the earth, they tried to devise a complicated mechanism to explain why Jupiter and other planets do not progress steadily eastward. The orbit of each planet was thought to be a circle, but when they calculated the path, they found that the planet did not move uniformly around the circle (called an epicycle), the center of which moved uniformly around the deferent.

When this failed to explain all the observed motions they added additional

[The rest of the text is cut off at the bottom of the page]

The document also contains two star maps showing the constellations visible in the summer sky, with various stars and constellations labeled.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case (Information Only)                                   24 July 1961
                                                             Brazil

OCTOBER 1961
UFO Approaches
Brazilian Airliner

[The rest of the text is partially illegible due to image quality, but appears to be a newspaper article about a UFO encounter with a Brazilian airliner. Some words and phrases can be made out, but not the entire text with complete certainty.]


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

epicycles on top of the first ones. Finally,
as a famous English astronomer, Sir Arthur
Eddington, once observed, "The much of
the spheres was lost in the world of machine

After acceptance of the modern idea that
the planets, including earth, revolve about
the sun, in elliptical rather than circular
orbits, the old epicycle theory of the universe
was abandoned. Jupiter now seems to be
going past at a higher speed. Perhaps we
have seen the same effect when you have
been riding on a train and it has overtaken
a slower freight train on the next track.
Even though it is going the same direction
as the passenger train, it may look, to the
passengers, to be going backwards.

Saturn Moves Slower Than Jupiter

A similar effect, of course, occurs with
Saturn, which moves more slowly than
Jupiter, taking nearly 30 years for each
cut of its orbit. Saturn will be at opposition on July 19, its distance about 836,000
miles. The 1962 opposition will occur on
July 31.

So, with Jupiter and Saturn in opposition
in July, both planets rise at sunset and are
visible all through the night. For the rest
of 1961 they will continue to be prominent
in the evening sky. Their apparent movement through the sky toward the east brings
that near eastern and nearer to them, the planets
will set earlier and earlier. Near Jan. 22 for
Saturn, and Feb. 8 for Jupiter, they will
be in the same direction as the sun and not
visible. A few months later they will shine
in the eastern sky before sunrise and, by
late summer of 1962, they will again be in
the evening sky, as they are now.

Celestial Time Table for July

4   10:33 p.m.   Moon in last quarter
                 Earth farthest from sun, distance 94,400,000 miles

12  2:12 p.m.   New moon
13  6:00 a.m.   Moon farthest, distance 250,000 miles

16  9:00 p.m.   Moon passes Mars
19  4:00 a.m.   Moon visible for a few days about
                now low in east before sunrise

    6:00 a.m.   Saturn opposite sun, distance 836,000,000 miles

20  6:12 p.m.   Moon in first quarter
25              Moon in apogee, sun and near
                earth, distance 240,000 miles

27  2:00 a.m.   Moon passes Saturn
    noon        Moon passes Jupiter
    2:51 p.m.   Full moon
28  4:00 a.m.   Moon nearest earth, distance 222,500 miles

                Subject one hour, two CST, two hours for PST.


- page 9 -

FIREBALL OF 1961 JULY 27/28
AFCRL No. 3370

S.S. this fireball was the following observations from two ships, St. Nazaire, France, and Commandant Bourdais, July 26, 1961, in lat. 30° N, long. 180° altitude 10°. It was a dull greenish color changing to a bright orange before it burned out.

S.S. "Am. S.S. Coaling", 0.0263 G.M.T. July 26, 1961 in lat. 27°58' N, long. 79°41' W, a very bright object, believed to be a meteor, was observed.

Bearing 35° altitude 15° and traveled straight down and disappeared in low clouds. The object was like a huge ball of fire with a trail of about 35'. The object was visible about 20 seconds.

A solution or PH was attempted. This statement, however, is somewhat vague. A perpendicular path but is a contradicted by "a trail of about 45°" when it is 15°.

A solution was used, i.e. B1. As the differences in calculated results was then abnormal, two other points were chosen, accepting small errors in the reported bearings. This is reasonable as bearing of 45° are generally approximate.

Angles of Arrival:
Angle 1    Angle 2
B1    0°         6°
B2    3°         9°
B3    12°        15°

It was impossible to determine the exact location was given to B1 S.R. This is most likely to emphasize the extreme importance of accuracy in giving coordinates, including ship's position, and the absolute necessity of giving all of them.


- page 10 -

No Case (Information Only)                                31 July 1961
                                                                   Prescott, Arizona

July 31, Prescott, Ariz. Lee Ganger, former airline pilot, observed a fast-moving unknown device through binoculars. Seen by four other witnesses, the object dimmed, brightened, appeared to rotate near, Ganger, a pilot 27 years, said he was baffled.


- page 11 -

Plainview, New York
August 3, 1961

Dear Sirs:

Within the past few days I have sighted two mysterious in my flying objects. Their course was N'W'Est 32°, and good about 900 miles. The object itself seemed to be about 40 ft. long and 10 wide in width. I am not sure of these measurements, but the speed and direction seemed positive of it. Also I forgot to say the first object appeared on Monday, July 31st at 7:45 pm second on Tuesday, August 2nd at 7:45. The first object was our come sight across the sky for about 5 miles.


- page 12 -

No Case (Information Only)

31 July 1961
Freeport, Illinois

July 31, Freeport, Ill. Round maneuvering object observed by three policemen and three citizens.


- page 13 -

1 - 9 AUGUST 1961 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                                OBSERVER           EVALUATION

1 Aug    Fontana, California                    Civilian           Other (HCXZ)
         Oakland, Poland (CASE MISSING)                            INSUFFICIENT DATA
1 Aug    Chippewa Falls, Wisc.                                     INSUFFICIENT DATA
-1       Stockbridge, Massachusetts                                AIRCRAFT
-1       50N 74.30N (Quebec, Canada)                               Astro (METEOR)
-1       Phoenix, Arizona                                          BALLOON
-1       Northampton, Massachusetts                                AIRCRAFT
-1       Portland, Oregon                                          INSUFFICIENT DATA
         25.2N 126.50S (Far East)                                  SATELLITE
3        Sasebo, Japan                                             AIRCRAFT
3        Dayton, Ohio                                              INSUFFICIENT DATA
3        Dayton, Ohio                                              Other (LIGHT REFLECT)
3        Kealand, Indiana                                          Astro (JUPITER)
4        42.30N 173.05W (Pacific)                                  AIRCRAFT
4        Seattle, Washington                                       BALLISTIC
4        Ashland, Kentucky                                         SATELLITE
4        49.23N 158.52W (Far East) CASE MISSING                    Astro (METEOR)
4        Caribbean Sea                                             AIRCRAFT
4        Hardinsburg, Kentucky                                     SATELLITE
5-9      Fort Edward, New York                                     Other (MISSILE)
5-9      22.47N 175.25W (Far East)                                 AIRCRAFT
-6       Fairborn, Ohio                                            BALLISTIC
-6       Suffolk, Virginia                                         SATELLITE
-6       Las Vegas, Nevada CASE MISSING                            Other (REFLECTION OF)
-6-22    Middlesex, Ohio                                           SATELLITE
-7       91.55N 126.25 (Far East)                                  Astro (CAFELLA)
-7       Dayton, Ohio                                              Astro (ANTARES)
-8       Cape Canaveral, Florida                                   Astro (METEOR)
-8       SW of Carlisle, Pennsylvania                              INSUFFICIENT DATA
-8       North Highland, California                                SATELLITE
-9       Point Pleasant, New Jersey                                BALLISTIC
-9       Newport News, Carolina, Va.                               AIRCRAFT
-9       Cyprus Gardens, Florida                                   BALLISTIC

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                                SOURCE            EVALUATION

Aug     Universe                                Science News Ltr  (Ltr)
4       Unknown                                 Message
4       Canton Island
-7      Mt. Kale, Australia                     News Clipping
-7      Wahaha Beach (Island of Cahu, Hawaii)   Message
-7      Gresham, Oregon                         News Clipping
-9      Taipei, Taiwan
-9      Madisonville, Kentucky


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

How it dwindg so fast.
The second object
darted in a hori-
zontal path, then
quite about a dome
new descends so as
not to my previous
it didn't dwindg ate
If there is any avail
able information
on object so described
like that of the one
I saw I would gladly
appreciate it official
be sent to me. Sam willing
to pay

Sincerely yours,

P.S.
I am 10 yrs
old and wish
to join the
Air force now
when I am eager to

I would like to know
how much others
participate at age
as mine.

Thank you.


- page 15 -

4 August 1961

Thank you for your letter of August 2nd.

The Aerospace Continual Intelligence Center at Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, will be glad to enclose the enclosure you requested. We are glad that it was you who made this request and hope in the enclosed envelope as soon as possible.

We are glad to know of your interest in joining the Aerospace Team.

Sincerely,

CHARLES R. WEST
Operations Branch
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Plainview, New York

WIC
AUG 10 1961
RECEIVED


- page 16 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day     Month     Year

2. Time of day: 35 Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: Plainview   City or Town: L.I. NEW YORK   State or County

Additional remarks:

5. How long was object in sight? 3.5 Minutes
Hours     Minutes     Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
(Circle One): a. Certain
             b. Fairly certain
             c. Not very sure
             d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
             b. In back of you      e. Overhead
             c. To your right        f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.


- page 17 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): Flare of Fire preceded by silvery object
a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
The flare was of great brightness

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes (No)  Don't Know
Yes (No)  Don't Know
Yes (No)  Don't Know
Yes (No)  Don't Know
Yes (No)  Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses  Yes (No)
c. Windshield   Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No)

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes (No)
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: None
    b. Color: Silvery object white & Blanca's lines followed

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially without trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with measurements and directional arrow]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle Ones): a. Fuzzy or blurred
             b. Like a bright star
             c. Sharply outlined
             d. Don't remember
             e. Other: [blank]

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 2
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[A hand-drawn sketch showing two objects with a directional arrow]


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object, and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
1/3 of the object were visible
2/3 were not

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
Yes. The objects made it disintegrated 7 the second just disappeared

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the some appearance as the object which you saw.
1. Rocket Rocker
2. a type of defense missile
3.


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside? with many trees
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible, appears to describe playing guitar, looking upstairs, and something about noticing an object]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? [blank space]

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 33 degrees
b. From horizon [blank space] degrees

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North [blank space] degrees
b. From horizon [blank space] degrees


- page 21 -

