PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
29 Nov 61

2. LOCATION
Englewood, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 315
GMT        3041-52

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
[X] No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Round obj about like star, only brighter; yellow-orange as glow of fire, disappeared to S. Viewed in August and September.

11. COMMENTS
Probably moon and bright star Regulus (Leo) magnitude 1.3. Moon is on just below horizon and is probably distorted by atmospheric refraction, adding to confusion of witness in near condition of star Regulus. Partial or sightings by witness were probably due to either eclipse of moon on 26 Aug or occultation of Aldebaran on 1 Sep 61.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
[X] Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other:
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

(Header of form with blank fields for Name or Title, Organization and Location, Date, etc.)

In the "REMARKS" section, the following text is written:

Venus - 15 20 32.60
Dec'l
-17° 20' 12.9"

Mars - 16 37 04.55 (R.A)
-22° 32' 34" (Dec'l)

Jupiter - 20 25 04.20' (R.A)
-19° 56' 34.77" (Dec'l)

At the bottom of the form:

DD FORM 95
FEB 50
Replaces DA AGO Form 95, 1 Apr 48, and AF HQ Form 12, 10 Nov 47, which may be used.


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 29 Nov 1961

2. Time of day: 11 15
   Hour   Minutes
   (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
   b. Central
   c. Mountain
   d. Pacific
   e. Other

   (Circle One): a. Daylight
   b. Saving Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object? [Postal address is blacked out]
   Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or Country

   Additional remarks:

5. How long was object in sight?   Hours   Minutes 30 Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   DAY                 NIGHT
   a. Bright            a. Bright
   b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy
   c. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
   b. In back of you   e. Overhead
   c. To your right    f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
Different color but bright

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other        Yes   No


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound None
    b. Color Blue, gray, six yellow orange

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
               b. Like a bright star
               c. Sharply outlined
               d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
Cant describe

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object, and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Similar to star but certain it is not


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Had seen it before but happened to check

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East         e. South        g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East         e. South        g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest    i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East toward west    e. South        g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast           f. Southwest    h. Northwest    i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Blank lines for Day, Month, Year]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Partially obscured/blacked out text with "Some" written to the side]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then, when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Partially illegible handwritten text]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Blank space]


- page 8 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate: [blank]

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was: [blank]

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [Street redacted] Englewood   City   Ohio   Zone   State

TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]

Age: 35   Sex: F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent. [blank]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
29   Nov   61
Day   Month   Year

[Bottom of page has a partially illegible handwritten note that appears to read: "Solved in part moved study to west 14 [rest is unclear]"]


- page 9 -

