PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
30 Jul 61 & 1 Aug 61

2. LOCATION
Brooklyn, New York

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 21:30-22:30
GMT: 01:30:352

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5-10 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
NE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Dull white starlike light. Moved in a NE direction. Seemed to be satellite by observer. 1 deg. angular size. Course, speed and direction differed by 20° to N on flight path.

11. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☒ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other: ____________
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

12. COMMENTS
Description and duration are characteristic of a satellite. A check indicates that satellite Echo I was at position reported at time of sighting. Therefore continued that object observed was probably Echo I.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
20      July      1961    to you + parents

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes    No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes    No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
We are the only ones who saw it
Brooklyn 25, NY. Brooklyn 23, NY

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes    No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
We have been seeing this same satellite which passes

Like in August 1 typically 2 after we spotted the unknown
Flying object we saw another object at 10:45 PM

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
We think it was a satellite for we have seen one before


- page 2 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes     No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [blank]

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] Brooklyn, 29 Zone N.Y.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]

Age: 15     Sex: Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent. [blank]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 10 August 1961


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repost information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: August 16, 1961

On Saturday, July 30, 1961, my friend and I spotted a moving object in the sky. It was moving in a northeasterly direction. We were already seen the Echo Satellite and we are pretty sure it was a satellite of some sort. The satellite was not of approximately 9:35 P.M.

We spotted an object-fairly on August 1, 1961 at 10 min after 9 P.M. which we think we had sighted about 30 degrees more or less going in a northeasterly direction to north then the other one.


- page 4 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

8 August 1961

Dear [redacted]

Thank you for your letter of July 31st reporting an unidentified flying object.

Unfortunately, our experts at the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center will need additional information before they will be able to tell you what it was you saw. If you will fill out the attached form, as best you can and send it to Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, perhaps we will be able to give you an answer.

Sincerely,
[signature]

GLADYS E. WISE
Operations Branch
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Brooklyn, New York


- page 5 -

July 31, 1961

United States Air Force
Air Intelligence Center
Washington, D. C.
Gentlemen:

On Sunday, July 30, 1961, my friend and I spotted a moving object in the sky. It was moving in a northeasterly direction. We have already seen the Tyros satellite and we know this was a satellite of some sort. The satellite passed over at approximately 9:35 P.M.

Would you please tell us which satellite we saw? We called the newspapers but they know nothing about it.

Very truly yours,

Brooklyn 25, New York
Brooklyn 25, N.Y.

We are enclosing a stamped, self-addressed envelope for your convenience.


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
30   July   1961
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 9   35
(Circle One):   A.M. or P.M.
Hour   Minutes

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern   (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Central   b. Standard
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Brooklyn   New York   U.S.A.
Nearest Postal Address   City of Town   State or Country

Additional remarks: Sighted object again on August 1st 12 after
10 P.M.

5. How long was object in sight?   5 to 10
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?   Watch
(Circle One):
Certain
Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?   DAY   NIGHT
a. Bright   a. Bright
b. Cloudy   b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
b. In back of you   e. Overhead
c. To your right   f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 15 Oct 54.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?   No.

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: ___________

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of: ___________

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):   Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other EYES


- page 8 -

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound - None
b. Color - like a dull white star

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your shape details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A simple drawing of a circle with an arrow pointing to the right]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Shortly outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[The section for question 19 is blank]


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
THE SAME SIZE AS THE ECHO SATELLITE APPEARED TO BE

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
ALL OF THE OBJECT WOULD HAVE BEEN COVERED

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
YES, BEHIND BUILDINGS OTHERWISE NO.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A MAN MADE SATILITE


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near on airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

We were observing the sky. Talking about satellites and we both happen to notice it.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North            c. East             e. South
b. Northeast        d. Southeast        f. Southwest        g. West
                                         h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North            e. South
b. Northeast        f. Southwest        g. West
c. East             h. Northwest
d. Southeast        i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North            e. South            g. West
b. Northeast        f. Southwest        h. Northwest
c. East             i. Overhead
d. Southeast

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North     75     degrees.
b. From horizon        5      degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North     75     degrees.
b. From horizon        60     degrees.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line as high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at the position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 12 -

