The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project 10073 record card, which contains information about a UFO sighting observation.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 8 Jan 61
2. LOCATION: Lexington, Kentucky
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1900
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. DURATION: 10 min
6. SOURCES: 1
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 min
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: West
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: A small bright light was observed for about 10 min. The light was watched until it faded out.
11. CONCLUSIONS: This sighting was probably a meteor or satellite. Observation was probably illuminated by the site to its inherent location. Sun set at 1707 EST. Description given by others under corroboration.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten text document. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract and output all the text found in the document:

"Lexington, Kentucky
Jan 12, 1961

It seems this my Concern,
On the evening of Jan 8, 1961, 
some friends and myself were 
claiming to see an unusual, 
strange object in the distance. it was
white and had several small white 
flashing lights on it. that we were more
observing a jet trail, we
stop and watched the object
for about 20 minutes. the object
did not get smaller as an airlane
but remained the same height.
After 10 mins it started turrn
Perpendicular and went behind some trees.
That portion we coud not see.
when we got to the place
where we lost it, it was gone.
we lost it there."

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

We received still was the object 
State flying in northeast during 9 pm 
several seconds slightly southward 4 minute
At reason view then lasted is as moon
could be seen in same area. A shine of 
People passing by saw these objects 
and they also watched. 
Enclosed is a rough drawing
The newspaper later on to see if
anyone has called in but they
didn't seem interested so as
my civic duty I thought I had
better send this information to
you. I am a registered nurse and 
was aware in that area a few
stopped when we saw this. (End)

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

I knew through a remark made by the custodian at the university that I was the only one who had so much staff who was so willing to assist in this task. and was not.  I have to confirm that it is absolute and three nights  people can-all the more because it is a complete and three nights.

Thanking you
[Redacted]

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather handwritten text describing an observed object. The text states: "This object started turning horizontally which took about 5 minutes - Picture shows where it stayed in a horizontal position for a while. When started moving again to the west still, it was completely out of range of sight."

Text in the document:
This object started turning horizontally which took about 5 minutes - Picture shows where it stayed in a horizontal position for a while. When started moving again to the west still, it was completely out of range of sight.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Vertical streak in the distance that appeared in. 5:50 pm. Object was to the north and appro ximately 500 yards away.

- page 6 -

