The image does not contain any photographs. 

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 
3 June, 21 June
2. LOCATION
Fort Worth, Texas
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Last: 2130 PM, 3 June,
First: 2230 PM, 3 June
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Radar
5. SOURCE 
Civilian
6. NO. OF OBJECTS 
1
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 
5 min
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 
1
9. COURSE
S - N
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING OR REPORT OF A UTO SIGHTING
Speed slow. White light with no body flashing, in straight line. I might I min. Circling and diving house for 1/2 - 1 min. Returned it didn't move anywhere. Day light - full moon. Don't know what it was - not familiar.
11. COMMENTS
Possibly a planet. Additional info received - fm witness but questionnaires not returned.
12. CONCLUSIONS
Was probably a celestial body.
Was not a missile.
Was not an aircraft.
Was not an astronomical body.
Was Assessed.
Insufficient data for evaluation.
Other (Explanations)
Insufficient data for evaluation.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TD-12
UFO Report

SAFOL-3C (Major Coleman) 
Attached are copies of two (2) letters reporting the sighting of an unidentified aerial phenomenon. The information in these letters indicates that there were many observers, each individual for completion and forwarding to PID.

EDWARD H. WYNN 
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Complaints

2 Atch
1. Cy ltr dtd 9 Jul 61 fr
2. Cy ltr dtd 3 Jul 61 fr

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

Fort Worth 10, Texas
July 22d, 1961
5:15 P.M.

Aerospace Tech Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear sirs:

It was only recently that I saw your address mentioned in a magazine. I wish to report four sightings I've made this year.

The first one occurred on the night of February 12th, 1961. My family was just returning from an out-of-town trip and as we were driving along I-20 there was a bright light in the sky which was dark but with a bright light around it. I was sitting in the front seat of the car when I noticed the UFO. As soon as I looked through (continued) the windshield I didn't see any body behind it. It moved from left to right and once climbing straight up, it became smaller and smaller until it disappeared. The object appeared behind the scenery. I watched it for approximately one minute.

I don't remember the date of the next sighting, but these are the details: In the early evening, between 7 and 8 o'clock, I was driving home from work and saw a bright light in the sky. I stopped the car and I watched it for about 5 or 10 minutes. It was hovering and then it started moving in a straight line. It stayed in the same spot and then it moved away. I didn't see any form or shape, just a bright light.

The third sighting I remember well. It occurred on the last day of June, 1961. I was looking at the sky at 11:05 P.M. I saw a bright light which was motionless. It seemed to grow smaller and then larger again. I spotted an object which had two red lights on it. They were flashing alternately. I spotted it in the northwest and it seemed to be traveling from east to west. Its altitude did not seem to be very high, and it was traveling at a high rate of speed. I spent most of the time trying to make out its shape and details, but I couldn't. I tried to call the Air Force Base, but I couldn't raise them on the phone. The object disappeared from view.

My last sighting was on June 21st, 1961. I was outside in the back yard looking skyward when I noticed a light which at first thought to be an airplane, but it later gave the impression of a solid object. It remained stationary for some time and then suddenly took off at a high rate of speed and disappeared.

I would appreciate your acknowledging this letter and any comments or information you may have on these sightings.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature]

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Recognized text from the document:

"deemed white. I couldn't tell whether or the light was low or bright. It seemed to disappear and then reappear very slowly, but not glow enough to be a satellite. It went from south to north and then reversed direction when it first came into view. When it first came into view, it was not very big, although larger than a satellite, and was out of focus as if the sky was clear. I believe the object was clear.
I didn't make these sightings with the air Force here and I have been a member of the air Force myself for many years. My sightings were similar ones to some of the ones I have seen, but not a perfectly saw these things. This year I graduated from the eighth grade and am 15 years old. My grades are low and I neither smoke nor drink. I have two hobbies: one is reading science fiction and the other is studying the stars and flying saucers. The objects I have seen I believe land and take off again. A few years ago I turned over to the air Force some newspaper clippings I had about UFO's, if you like, I can write to these people and ask them to write to you."

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a letter addressed to "Mr. [REDACTED]" from William T. Coleman, Jr., UFO Project Officer, Public Information Division, Office of Information, regarding information on a UFO sighting. The letter thanks the recipient for their interest in this matter.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

24 August 1961

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

Your recent letter furnishing information on a UFO sighting is appreciated. In order that we may have complete information, we would appreciate it if you complete the attached questionnaire and forward it directly to:

Aeronautical Chart and Information Center
ATTN: Technical Intelligence Division
555 South Meramec, St. Louis 45, Missouri

Your interest in this matter is greatly appreciated. 

Sincerely,

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR. 
UFO Project Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. [REDACTED]
Fort Worth 10, Texas

- page 5 -

