PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
14 Aug 61

2. LOCATION
New York, New York

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1200

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒Ground-Visual ☐Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
XD No.

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
N/A

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
N/A

9. COURSE
N/A

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Received letter with photo of UFO. Not observed while taking pictures.

11. COMMENTS
FTD photo-analysis examined prints and negatives and concluded that the alleged objs were caused by poor photo processing. Objs were not observed during exposure, only after film was processed. There have been several photographs submitted for analysis which are supposedly UFO's. In every case where objs were not observed until after film processing, objs turned out to be a reflection from emulsion fm being scratched, or foreign material adhering to emission during processing.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other: Photo Processing
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown


- page 1 -

Text found on the document:

B Wego, 3 L, N.Y.

The image appears to be an envelope or document with a partially obscured address or location marking. Most of the page is blank or illegible due to the image quality.


- page 2 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be an aerial black and white photograph of New York City, showing the Manhattan skyline, harbor, and Statue of Liberty in the distance.


- page 3 -

STATUE OF LIBERTY
NATIONAL MONUMENT
NEW YORK HARBOR

Text on map includes:
- Hudson River
- New Jersey
- Ellis Island
- Liberty Island
- Governors Island
- Brooklyn
- Federal Hall
- Castle Clinton National Monument

Bottom of map notes:
REPRINT 1960
U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE : 1960 O—542550

The image is a black and white map of Lower Manhattan and surrounding areas, showing the location of the Statue of Liberty National Monument and other nearby landmarks.


- page 4 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TD-E/Major Friend/vw/69216
SUBJECT: Request for Photo Analysis

TO: TD-D4a

1. It is requested that an analysis be made of the attached photographic prints and negatives to determine the nature of the images.

2. It is requested that the negatives and prints be forwarded to TD-E upon completion of the analysis in order that they may be returned to the witness.

EDWARD H. WINN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

30 Aug 61

2 Atcbs
1. Ltr fm NXOIN dtd 28 Aug 61
2. Photos, negatives and ltrs
received from Mr. Misajet.

1st Ind (TD-D4a)

2 Oct 61

TO: JD-E

1. The photographic prints and negatives have been examined, with the following results:

a. Photo Nr. 1; the image marked as a sea gull is a break or scratch in the negative emulsion while the other objects are easing and drying.

b. Photos 2 and 3; the white objects indicated by arrows are again the result of emulsion damage at the time of processing.

c. Photo Nr. 4; on this photograph the white images are sharp while the rest of the photograph is out of focus. No corresponding images have been caused by the negative, and the white objects have been caused by the presence of foreign matter during the printing process.

2. The unidentified objects are the result of poor quality photo laboratory work.

WILLIS MILLER, JR.
Chief, Photo Exploitation Div.
Deputy for Engr Support

2 Atcb
no change


- page 5 -

HEADQUARTERS
NEW YORK AIR DEFENSE SECTOR
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
McGuire Air Force Base, New Jersey

28 AUG 1961

SUBJECT TO:
NYOIN

SUBJECT:
Submission of Photographs (UFO)

TO: Air Technical Intelligence Center (AFCIN-Le4g)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

1. Under the provisions of AFR 200-2, paragraph 19g, the attached physical evidence (photographic) of a UFO sighting is forwarded. Subject photographs were taken by a Mr. [redacted], New York at the Statue of Liberty in New York Harbor on 14 August 1961.

2. Further information received via G-2, First Army, Governors Island, New York is as follows:
    a. Type and make of Camera: Kodak Brownie, [redacted]
    b. Type, focal length, and make of lens: Kodak, over 10 feet, Kodak.
    c. Brand and type of film: Kodak Panchromatic.
    d. Shutter speed used: Pre-set, only 1 speed.
    e. Lens opening used: Pre-set, only one opening.
    f. Filters used: None.
    g. No tripod or solid stand used, camera held in hands.
    h. No panning used.
    i. Direction camera pointed: See attached drawing and map.

3. Captain William S. Barnett, Chief, Intelligence Division, this headquarters has not been able to effect contact with the any further evidence is submitted, it will be forwarded under the provisions of the regulation.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of Floyd A. Yoder]
FLOYD A. YODER
CWO (W-2), USAF
Asst Dir of Administrative Services

Atchs: Photos, negatives and letters received from


- page 6 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TD-E/Major Friend
SUBJECT: Analysis of Photos and Negatives

TO: HQ USAF (SAFOI-3c - Major Coleman)

The photographic prints and negatives attached hereto have been examined with the following results:

a. Photo Nr. 1: the image marked as a sea gull is a break or scratch in the negative emulsion while the other objects are the result of foreign matter accumulating in the film's processing and drying.

b. Photos 2 and 3: the white objects indicated by arrows are again the result of emulsion damage at the time of processing.

c. Photo Nr. 4: on this photograph the white images are sharp while the rest of the photograph is out of focus. No corresponding images can be seen on the negative, and the white objects must have been caused by the presence of foreign matter during the printing process.

EDWARD H. WINN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

1 Atch
Packet of Photos and Negatives.

24 OCT 1961

Handwritten notes at bottom of page:
It will not
this address
told in file
till we hear
from him


- page 7 -

New York, NY, 14 Aug 61
Case includes seven (7)
2½" x 3½" photos & seven (2)
2½" x 3½" negatives


- page 8 -

Camera
Design
& 
MAG

HAS PULLOUT TYPE
RECHARGING OF FILM
+ LOCALLY FIN
IN REAR

Brownie
O
LOG 127 WLF
3x4.5 V


- page 9 -

There is no legible text on this page. The document contains a black and white photograph showing what appears to be a cloudy sky or landscape with a horizon line, positioned in the center of an otherwise blank white page.


- page 10 -

Text found in the document:

Previous Sheet Taken

At 8:00 PM 1/2 Wood

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a silhouetted statue or monument against a light background, with some trees or foliage visible on the sides.


- page 11 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
TD-E

24 OCT 1961

Analysis of Photos and Negatives

By USAF (SAFOI-3e - Major Coleman)

The photographic negative attached hereto have been examined, with the following results:

a. Hereto, we'll the large object as a sea gull is a break or scratch in the photographic negative. There are other objects in the result of foreign matter or processing.

b. Noting Incl 3: the white objects indicated by arrow are again the result of photographic damage at the time of processing.

Note: on this photograph the white images are sharp while the corresponding images can be seen on the negative, and the white objects must have been caused by processing during the printing process.

1 Atch
Indorsement of Photos and Negatives

COORDINATION: TD-E
Date: 23 Oct 61
Major Robert J. Friend


- page 12 -

There is no readable text on this page. The image contains a black and white photograph of the Statue of Liberty silhouetted against a cloudy sky, with what appears to be a circular object (possibly a moon or unidentified flying object) in the sky near the statue.


- page 13 -

The image contains a black and white photograph mounted on a white background. The photograph appears to show a landscape with a horizon line, some structures or buildings in the distance, and several circular or disc-like objects in the sky. The image is somewhat grainy and low contrast, typical of older photographic documentation. The numbers 8, 0, 1, 8 are visible within or near the photograph, though their precise meaning is unclear from this image alone.


- page 14 -

There is no legible text on this page. The document contains a black and white photograph of what appears to be a cloudy sky or landscape, positioned near the top of the page. The rest of the page is blank white space.

The photograph shows a dark background with white cloud-like formations, but no distinct objects or details can be clearly discerned due to the low contrast and quality of the image.


- page 15 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image contains a black and white photograph in the center of the page, which appears to show a landscape with a horizon line, some dark shapes (possibly buildings or terrain features), and a cloudy sky. The rest of the page is blank white space.


- page 16 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image contains a black and white photograph of what appears to be the Statue of Liberty silhouetted against a cloudy sky, positioned near the top of an otherwise blank document page.


- page 17 -

Aug 16 '61
1124 N.Y.

Dear Sir:

I am forwarding the negative & print of the object taken on Aug 14 '61 at hrs of 11 - 2 Briefly at Noon taken while descending from Circle Line on the Staten of Thirty Island.

Herewith to me just while snapping the picture of the delighted I was not visible with the naked eye & turning at a great tenderness speed, the object looks after near R.R. with a jet type of exhaust stream.


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

+ short. (Tourist + Visitor)
C.S. (Sitter) I have seen
on the island, my pipe have taken
a picture of the Islington & another angle & mix the scene
gather a closer picture of it.

Would like to know if
after investigating & distinguishing
such object - would like a release
of it & to the press, to tell of
in identifying it.

Would like to hear
from your acts
please. When &
If interested
please advise.

[Signature area is blacked out]
5/945.


- page 19 -

Headquarters,
N.Y. Air Defense Sector
Attn: - N.Y. OIN
McGuire Air Force Base
N.J.

SPECIAL DELIVERY


- page 20 -

The text I can read on this document is:

"Aug 12 1961"

There is also a partially obscured text that appears to say "N.Y." (New York)

The image appears to be an envelope or the back of a document with a triangular flap, typical of a letter or communication from the early 1960s. A portion of the text is blacked out, making some details illegible.


- page 21 -

Aug. 24 61
12 NOON

Lt. Kennedy Sq.-

I am forwarding
the full set of negatives
- Prints for MR-2 to study &
scrutinize carefully the aspect
I have same marked.

I doubtful the
possibility of the lens filter being
dirty - because most dirt has
not show up on any negative.

Could be on left (?) and side after
the process of drying in dark room.

The aspect seems
to be lowering in the direction of Lt.
Jag coming from Ellis Island &
directly pointing itself at the Island.


- page 22 -

Circles spt on Point are undetected, but lights & don't pick sides cloud points. N'tice the picture was taken through the Singly pt (above left). 3 Effigies well taken off Circle Line to state of Liberty between 11:30 + 11:45. Negative I furnished to own was offering at 11:30 or 12:00 other slots from Belonging of Liberty 10 Highs up at 1:30 pm - 1:45 pm or 2 pm on the later.

Please return after analyzing if necessary for files + please keep our photo as to release of information to Capt. (if needed)

Handwritten times and dates are also visible at the bottom of the document, but they are partially obscured or illegible.


- page 23 -

Headquarters, N.Y. Air Defense Sector
Att- N.Y. OIN
McGuire Air Force Base, N.J.

SPECIAL DELIVERY
SPECIAL DELIVERY


- page 24 -

