There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and investigations.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE - 9 Nov 61
3. DATE-TIME GROUP - Local
5. PHOTOS - 0 Yes, 0 No
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION - 30 min.
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHT
Report shaped obj -40 ft long, 6 to 10 ft wide, 12 to 15 ft thick - Observed distant lights - Moved across sky observed to move to west - Watched for 30 min. It departed and remained motionless. Observed through 8 X 50 binoculars. From a small private plane. Ground observer. Observation of a conventional aircraft is this case is discarded. This case is classified as UNIDENTIFIED.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains handwritten text that appears to be a detailed report or description of a UFO sighting.

The text reads:

OBJECT: Watching an object first appearing as a point of light, approximately 4.0 miles south of east in Cassville, Wis. at 8:09 p.m. on November 8, 1961. It was 5.5 miles distant and 30 miles east of Prairie du Chien, Wis.

The object appeared to be moving on a north northwest course and became larger and brighter as it approached, until at 8:12 p.m. it was approximately overhead at a distance of 1.5 miles. The object then started a slow descent, oscillating slowly from side to side, and became much brighter and larger until at 8:14 p.m. it appeared to be approximately 0.5 mile in diameter.

At this point, the object started emitting a series of rapid flashes of light and then descended rapidly, almost vertically, until at 8:15 p.m. it was approximately 1/2 mile distant and 1/4 mile above the ground. It then started ascending rapidly, apparently under its own power, and was lost from sight at 8:17 p.m. at an estimated altitude of 20,000 to 30,000 feet, continuing on a northwest course.

During the observation, the witness stated that the object was completely silent and that it appeared to have a glowing reddish-orange color, which at times appeared to be almost white. The witness also stated that the object cast no shadow and that its surface appeared to be smooth and metallic in appearance.

The witness, who is a certified private pilot, stated that the object was definitely not an aircraft and that it did not resemble any type of known or conventional aircraft. He also stated that he is completely convinced that the object was of extraterrestrial origin.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. 

Casssville, Wisconsin 11-8-1961
Dear Mr. Bloecher:
This is in regards to the report that your office asked me to investigate regarding the sighting of the 'saucer' on November 1, 1961. The weather at the time of the sighting was clear and the object was observed for approximately 15-20 minutes. It was described as being round or saucer-shaped and emitting a bright light from the underside. The object was thought to be approximately 18,000-20,000 feet in altitude and an estimated 35-40 feet in diameter. There were no sounds reported as coming from the object.  

The report indicates that several people in the area were able to clearly observe the object but few details on the activities of the individuals observing were obtained. The sighting seems to be a typical sighting of an unidentified aerial object. I have no further information that would shed additional light on this incident. Please let me know if you require any additional information.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OFFICIAL

TD-3/Maj(jr Walters Vie, 16 12
UFO sighting (CLASSIFIED)

PR USAF 
BAPOR-B8 (Major Colsman) 
INFO 5 PC

Reference the attached letter from Mr. (CLASSIFIED) relative to a UFO sighting. Since there is insufficient data contained in the letter on which to base a conclusion, request that you interview the witness.

EDWASTH. WINE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy Chief, Collection Div. 
Intelligence Section

1 Atch: 
Return-pay copy of Ltr 23 Wo 61

- page 4 -

