PROJECT 10079 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
8 Sep 61

2. LOCATION
Vandalia, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2048 EST
GMT 09/06/62

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. PHOTOS
Yes

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Wk 15 Sec

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
W

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Elongated, soft yellow light moving W at estimated speed of 3,000MPH. Bright sight for 15 sec. No sound.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Probably Balloon
Was Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other:
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Described as an elongated light similar to a missile. Size suggests a very small obj moving through atmosphere, as does brightness. Characteristics are similar to those of a meteor entering atmosphere and beginning to burn. Report is categorized as a probable meteor sighting.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 59)


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
8 Sept 1961
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 20:48
           Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): a.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One):
a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Vandalia   Ohio
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or Country

Additional remarks:

5. How long was object in sight?
        Hours   Minutes   15 Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
Estimated
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound - No Sound
    b. Color - Soft Yellow Light

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
               b. Like a bright area
               c. Sharply outlined
               d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 3 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
No

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up, into parts, or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses    Yes   No
c. Windshield     Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars     Yes   No
f. Telescope      Yes   No
g. Theodolite     Yes   No
h. Other: _________


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
    a. Inside a building
    b. In a car
    c. Outdoors
    d. In an airplane (type)
    e. At sea
    f. Other:

26. Were you (Circle One)
    a. In the business section of a city?
    b. In the residential section of a city?
    c. In open countryside?
    d. Near an airfield?
    e. Flying over a city?
    f. Flying over open country?
    g. Other: 400 yds from Vandalia, Airprt

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
    Sitting on Patio - just happened to notice it

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
    28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
        a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
        b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

    28.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

    28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
        Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
    a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
    b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest    i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
    a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
    b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest    i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from North (thru west) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation):
    31.1 When it first appeared:
        a. From true North    112 degrees.
        b. From horizon    30 degrees.

    31.2 When it disappeared:
        a. From true North    78 degrees.
        b. From horizon    12 degrees.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Moving from due East to due West

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
About 1/4 inch long, and 1/16 inch wide.

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

Would have just about covered the object.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes - Disappeared over the crown of the house

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or distress, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Looked like a missile.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Blank lines for Day, Month, Year]
FTD-DO

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted text]
Van Cleve, Ohio

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
With the speed

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Don't know


- page 7 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 3000 miles per minute.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 5 to 20 miles

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS ST Vandalia City Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
Age [blank] Sex Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent:
Former Navy Man - Runner.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [blank]

Page 9


- page 8 -

