Here is the text I can read from the document:

PROPOSED HEARING 1961
(INCLUDING MR HINES'S VISIT)

RETURN TO
USAF Historical Archives
ASIASHAF-A)
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112

7:3745-374
1003842


- page 1 -

To: Colonel Wynn
SUBJ: Congressional Investigation of the UFO—orgm

1. At approximate 1515 hours 31 July Colonel Mullins of AFLIC called Project Blue Book office reporting that he had been in contact with Colonel Bolend's office, Legislative Liaison, concerning Congressional Committee investigation of the Air Force UFO Program.

He further stated that a staff investigator for the House Science and Astronautics Committee (Congressman Denton Brooks, Los Angeles, Chairman) Mr. Dick Hines, was going to visit FID in about a week to 10 days and Col. Bollin suggested that we prepare for his visit.

Col. Mullins was given Major Friends phone number, and was going to give same to Col. Bolard, as it is felt that it would be much to our advantage to have Major Friend at FID when Mr. Hines makes his visit.

[Signed document with signature]

[Handwritten numbers at bottom of page: 
43376
56905
77660]

[Handwritten note: 14 Aug 15 August
Call Collins]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

NOTIFICATION OF OFFICIAL VISIT

1. Date: 3 August
2. To: AFCIN-4X, -4X2
3. From: TD-5
4. Dates of Visit: 14 August 1961

5. List of Visitors:
Rank | Name | Job Title | Organization | Security Clearance
Richard Hines | Technical Assistant, House Committee on Science & Astronautics | (blank)

6. Purpose of Visit: Detailed briefing on the operation of the Air Force UFO Program

7. Arrival
Place: FID
Time: 0900
Date: 14 Aug 61
Via: UNK

8. Departure
(All columns blank)

9. Billeting Requirements: UNK

10. Office of Primary Interest: (blank)
11. Project Officer: Maj. Robert J. Friend
Office Ext.: 69216
Home Phone: HA 5-7209

12. Meeting Location: Bldg. 328
13. Proposed Agenda Attached: Yes (checked)

14. REMARKS: Mr. Hines will be arriving from Colorado Springs, Colorado. Mode of transportation is unknown.

15. Name, Grade & Title of Initiating Officer: EDWARD H. WINN Colonel USAF, Dep. for Science & Components
16. Signature: (blank)

PROTOCOL ARRANGEMENTS (To be completed by AFCIN-4X)
17. ATIC Escort Officer: (blank)
18. Courtesy Call: Does visitor wish to visit any base personnel at home or office? Note in 14.
19. Social Activity: (blank)

ATIC FORM 5 JAN 61
Attachment 1 to ATICOI 12-1


- page 3 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TD-E
SUBJECT: Congressional Investigation of the UFO Program                                3 August 1961

To: General Pierce
     TDG

1.     Reference our memo dated 14 July (copy attached) Information was received on 1 August from Lt Colonel Joseph E. Boland, Legislative Liaison Office, Secretary of the Air Force, that a congressional investigation of the UFO program is definitely on the books. Mr. Richard Hines expects to arrive at WPAFB 0900, 14 August. Mr. Hines is the Technical Assistant for the House Committee on Science and Astronautics. Congressmen John McCormick (Mass.), Overton Brooks (Calif.), and Joseph Karth (Minn.) are behind this investigation.

2.     I have alerted Major Friend, the Project Officer on the UFO Program, who is presently on leave, to report back to WPAFB in time to allow at least one-half day for discussion prior to arrival of the Committee. I have also alerted the contractor, Dr. Hynek, to be prepared to report to WPAFB on the selected date of reported investigation.

3.     I propose to receive Mr. Hines and provided you agree, bring him to your office for introduction, and then conduct the discussions in my office.

4.     I propose to conduct the investigation along the following lines:

     a.     FTD explores all reports and incidents concerning UFO items. Our objective is to get the facts, to analyze these facts, and to explain as clearly as possible the results of the analyses.

     b.     We seek no publicity on our part, nor embarrassment of any individuals involved in reporting UFO incidents. As a matter of fact we try to protect, to the maximum, the individuals concerned.

     c.     We have funds and personnel to investigate, on the spot, all incidents which appear to warrant such investigation. We utilize our own FTD facilities, and those of AFSC to make investigations and analyses.

     d.     We call upon the entire resources of the USAF to assist in the investigations of UFO incidents. Where a satisfactory explanation can be found by the local organization or units of the USAF these organizations are utilized to the fullest.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

e. We give great consideration for quick reaction to all UFO incidents where conditions permit.

f. All public information aspects of the UFO Program are handled by the Secretary of the Air Force, Office of Information, HQ USAF.

5. I will keep you posted of any further developments.

[Signed]
EDWARD H. WYNN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy For Science and Components

At the bottom of the page, there is a page number "664".


- page 5 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TD-E
SUBJECT: Congressional Investigation of the UFO Program                14 July 1961

TO: TDO(General Pierce)

1.   An article appeared in the 3 July 1961 issue of Newsweek, stating the possibility of a congressional investigation of the USAF UFO Program. Contact with the Secretary of Air Force, Legislative Liaison Office(SAFL) revealed that there was no official information concerning such an investigation. However, SAFL pointed out that unofficially there were indications that such an investigation would take place.

2.   Unofficial sources (SAFL) have it that Congressman Joseph E. Karth, Minnesota, of the House Science and Astronautics Committee (Congressman Overton Brook, Los Angeles Chairman) would head the investigating team. The investigation to be directed toward determining generally how the USAF is handling the UFO Program and specifically the capabilities of TDO in the analysis and investigation areas.

3.   SAFL's present efforts are directed toward heading off the investigation, or, if it is to occur, having it take place in Washington D.C. with Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Consultant to the UFO Program and Major Robert J. Fiend, Aerial Phenomena Branch TD-E in attendance.

4.   If the investigation is carried out at FTD I intend to handle it within the Deputy unless otherwise directed.

EDWARD H. WYNN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components


- page 6 -

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFCIN-4E/Major Friend/vw/69216

SUBJECT: Congressional Investigation

TO: AFCIN-4E (Colonel Wynn)

Major Friend contacted Lt. Colonel Tacker, SAFOFI-3d, concerning the article about Congressional Investigation of the Air Force UFO program. Colonel Tacker indicated that there was no official information on the subject; however he had contacted the office of Lt. Colonel Boland, SAFLL, regarding the article and would inform ATIC of any information which he received.

ROBERT J. FRIEND
Major, USAF
Aerial Phenomena Branch

[Handwritten notes on right side of document]
Noted
Ether
Comm'n
30 June 61
5 Thru


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

The Periscope

Periscooping the Nation

Headlines to Come
STATE DEPARTMENT — Behind-the-scenes friction is building up between Secretary Rusk and his No. 2 man, Chester Bowles. Rusk is upset by the freewheeling Bowles' penchant for going directly to the White House with his ideas—ideas that Rusk sometimes hasn't even seen.

NEW YORK CITY — Putting Negroes into high posts on the New Frontier has played hob with the top echelon of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. The NAACP has lost almost as many top men as Harvard. Along with its chairman, Robert Weaver (housing chief), went a roomful of its top legal brains. Now the NAACP hears it may lose another: Through Marshall (who argued the school-integration case before the Supreme Court) is in the running for a Federal judgeship.

HOUSE CLOAKROOM — Flying saucers are back. A special three-man House group will soon start a probe of "unidentified flying objects," officialese for saucers. Its first job will be to study Air Force UFO reports (which have scotched theories that they come from outer space).

The Inside Story
GETTYSBURG, PA. — Public speculation to the contrary, Ike's intimates insist the former President is giving no consideration to proposals that he run for the Senate or for the governorship of Pennsylvania. "He'll remain active in public affairs as a Republican leader," says one friend, "but he won't go through another campaign under any circumstances now conceivable."

NEWPORT NEWS, VA. — The aircraft carrier Enterprise, due to put to sea in December, may have to be a ship without a port. With eight atomic power plants, the huge ship will be kept out of major harbors by the Navy's own safety rules, and may be forced to anchor far from shore or use secondary ports.

NASHVILLE, TENN. — Here's the story behind

More on Flying Saucers
De Gaulle's New Problem
Peking Hospitality

that flurry of rumors and denials about Supreme Court Justice Hugo Black retiring and Tennessee's Sen. Estes Kefauver replacing him. Tennessee Gov. Buford Ellington, who'd like to name himself to the Senate before his term runs out next year, started the Kefauver talk and a Washington newsman tossed Black's name into the rumor mill.

Rounding Out the News
PEACE CORPS HQ — Sergeant Shriver's recruiters have a new headache: What about wiser, older hands to head up the task forces of eager young volunteers? A new drive is in the works to round up "mature" candidates from such groups as Boy Scout leaders, schoolteachers, 4-H Club supervisors. They would, incidentally, draw higher pay than the younger recruits and would skip the five-and-a-half-hour "entrance exam."

HOUSE CLOAKROOM — JFK's man-on-the-moon project may have to conquer more than gravity. Democratic Rep. Clarence Cannon, chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, already has asked the President to scale down the project, calling it "a fantastic waste of money." His argument: What good is an American on the moon if Russians take over the earth?

PENTAGON — A new and fiendishly ingenious anti-guerrilla weapon is being tested by the Navy. It's a delayed-action liquid explosive, squirted from a flame-thrower-like gun, that seeps into foxholes and bunkers. Seconds later, fed by oxygen from the air, it blows up with terrific force.

Where Are They Now
MADISON, N.J. — When the Soviet pincers closed to starve the Western Powers out of Berlin thirteen years ago this week, man-on-the-spot for American Military Governor, Gen. Lucius Clay was a tough, fast-talking, curly-haired Irishman.

Newsweek, July 3, 1961

(No part of The Periscope may be reproduced without written permission)

7


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

The Periscope

Brig. Gen. Frank L. Howley, commander of the Berlin garrison. Today, Howley, whom the Russians called the "Beast of Berlin" and West Berliners hailed as the savior of their city, is vice president of New York University. He returned to NYU (from which he was graduated in 1925) in 1952, three years after he left the Army. A former airman, art student (at the Sorbonne), and a horseman of international renown. Howley, now 57, lives here in a house described by his wife, Edith, as "middle-aged, like ourselves." They have a 17-year-old daughter and three sons, one an Army first lieutenant stationed at Fort Bragg, the other two college students (at NYU), naturally.

Howley, who led the first ground party into Berlin, rides horseback as often as possible and is a tireless world traveler. His wife says of his comings and goings (he just got back from a month-long trip to Africa and Europe): "It's the story of my life."

Periscopeing the World

World Whispers

UNITED NATIONS — Buried in the mass of figures in that experts' report on divvying up U.N. posts on the basis of population, was this worrisome fact. If Red China, with 650 million people, should be admitted to the U.N., Peking would rate no less than 32 posts—six more than the U.S., U.K., France, and Canada combined.

PARIS — Charles de Gaulle's troubles with the army may not be over. With 214 officers jailed (and nearly 1,000 slated for purge or resignation) for taking part in the army revolt in Algeria, the French high command has been forced to fill key African posts with officers taken out of Algeria because of right-wing leanings.

EMBASSY ROW — Westerners will get their first look at Yuri Gagarin's spaceship next month. The occasion: A mammoth airshow to be held at Tushino airport just outside Moscow. And no one will be too surprised if the Kremlin shows off the 800,000-pound-thrust missile that rocketed Gagarin into space, plus important new military equipment. This hardware display would, of course, be part of the war of nerves over Berlin.

Diplomatic Pouch

CONAKRY, GUINEA — Here is confirmation that Premier Sekou Touré is not so solidly in the Kremlin camp as may be thought: He is hopping mad at the Soviet Union and other satellite countries for failing to deliver commercial orders on time. And plans for a big iron-ore development here call for European bankers.

WARE NECK, VA. — Gen. William H. Turner, the coldly efficient commander of the massive airlift that kept West Berlin alive during the eleven-month Red blockade, is out of the Air Force and down on the farm. It's a 100-acre spread—mostly corn—his waterfront town in southeastern Virginia. His house is a white-frame where he lives with his wife, Ann, daughter Suzanne, 8. (Son William, 27, is a doctor; John, 21, is a student at the University of Virginia.) A stern taskmaster (his nickname was "Will the Whip"), Turner pioneered big-scale operations with the memorable "Hump" operation in World War II, and retired last year after a MATS chief. Now 54, he's a director of several companies, including Seaboard World Airlines, but spends most of his time "trying to keep the farm running," fishing, and writing a book—"a crisis. The current Berlin crisis?"

VIENNA — Is a highly touted front-runner in the who'll-succeed-Khrushchev sweepstakes fading? Dmitri Polyanski, boss of the Russian Republic, was conspicuously absent from three recent important Politburo brass. He missed a parley of party leaders in the Bolshoi Theatre, a space-rocketry award-giving session, and last week's Kremlin gala marking the start of the Soviet war.

LONDON — Britain's admirals now are thinking of a big carrier program to include at least three 50,000-tonners and four smaller "commando" types. The reasons: reduced bases in areas like Southeast Asia and the Indian Ocean will lose their usefulness so the British Colonies become independent. Meanwhile, as Red China gets closer to joining the nuclear club.

EMBASSY ROW — Wasn't all cha-cha-cha during Indonesia's Sukarno's recent Moscow visit. While dancing and ducking, Sukarno firmly rebuffed all attempts to woo him into giving up U.S. grants of more than $500 million.

News: 1961


- page 9 -

AFCIN-4E/Major Friend/vw/69216

Congressional Hearings (UFO)                                     17 May 1961

AFCIN-4E (Colonel Evans)

1. On 17 May 1961 Major Coleman, SAFOI-3c, called and informed me that the pressure was on for a congressional hearing on unidentified flying objects. He indicated that it was the opinion of SAFIL that we would be before Congress prior to December 1961.

2. Major Coleman stated that most of the present pressure was from Congressman Downing of Virginia, as evidenced by a nine page letter from the Congressman which requires a paragraph by paragraph answer.

ROBERT J. FRIEND
Major, USAF
AFCIN-4E


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Joseph E. Karth
4th District, Minnesota

CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Washington, D. C.

Committee on
Science and Astronautics

August 28, 1961

Major Donald E. Keyhoe
U.S.M.C. (Ret.)
Director, NICAP
1526 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D. C.

Dear Sir:

I have read with interest the copy of your letter to Chairman Overton Brooks including suggested "hearing plans."

Perhaps I have been misled in this whole business of UFO. However, it was my belief that you, your organization and others like it, actually had proof that UFO's did in fact exist and that you would be prepared to prove this during the course of the hearing. And further that UFO's were not merely the result of space or atmospheric phenomena, but actually were craft (of sorts) from other planets.

I was sadly disappointed as I read your proposed plan, suggestions and viewpoints. I cannot help but feel after so reading, that your primary if not sole objective, is to "be-little," "defame," "ridicule" (with the least possible publicity, you say) and thereby cause the U.S. Air Force embarrassment unless they bare to you and others, all information you seek, including such information that may well involve our Nation's security. I too am opposed to unnecessary secrecy. However, unnecessary or unwarranted secrecy is nothing more than a matter of opinion. And so even though you and I are opposed to such, we may well disagree on extent and content. As a former military officer, you in your judgment and knowing all the facts, in all probability withhold from the public, knowledge I would not have considered "secret." I respect - I have opposed and will continue to oppose unwarranted secrecy.

At the same time I will not support a proposition smelling of sour grapes in disguise.

Your letter to Chairman Brooks (including your proposed plan) concerned itself almost totally, in my opinion, with evident dislike and malicious intent toward a great branch of the military. In fact it sounded to me almost like nothing more than cheap service rivalry. Now I hasten to add that I could be wrong, but I have read many plans and proposals in my day and must say I recognize a little prejudice and/or dislike when I see it. If you are not in a position to "make a good case" that UFO's are some kind of foreign craft, I'm not even interested in holding hearings. This I thought to be your purpose. Certainly I'm


- page 11 -

TD-8/Major Friend/nw/69216
Unidentified Flying Objects

TD-8 (Colonel Wynn)                                                                4 December 1961

1. On 30 November 1961 Dr. J. Allen Hynek, consultant to the UFO project, and Major Robert J. Friend, TD-8, appeared on the Wayne State University TV program "Searchlight" (WUOM-Detroit). The program was generally conducted as an interview of the participants concerning the United States Air Force's unidentified Flying Objects program. Another show, conducted in the manner of the Mike Wallace interview, was put on tape for showing on about 15 February 1962. Major Coleman, SAFO1-3c, contained the appearance of Air Force personnel on these programs. The program reached an audience of approximately 100,000 people.

2. Regarding the proposed Congressional hearing on the USAF UFO program, Major Coleman, SAFO1-3c, advised Major Friend, TD-8, that Congressman Karth stated to Mr. Richard Slawsky, Science Editor of the New York World-Telegram, that the hearing would not be held. The events which led to Mr. Slawsky contacting Congressman Karth were a story written by the reporter about 15 November 1961 concerning UFO's and the great amount of mail which resulted. As a result of the indicated public interest, Mr. Slawsky contacted Major Coleman, SAFO1-3c, and Major Donald E. Keyhoe of the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, a private UFO group. Major Coleman presented the Air Force view, and Major Keyhoe advised the reporter of the proposed hearing. Mr. Slawsky then contacted Congressman Karth and was advised by that worthy gentleman that he would not be a part of Major Keyhoe's cheap scheme to discredit the United States Air Force, and that there would be no hearing.

ROBERT J. FRIEND
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Group


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

not interested in listening to headline making accusations (prompted it seems by past gripes) in open debate between you and the Air Force.

It was my every intention to have the Air Force and organizations of Good repute, testify on different days so as to get all the facts. This is the custom and the protocol of Congressional hearings. And I might say - I'm not worried about public alarm - I'm much more concerned about grandstand acts of a rabble rousing nature where accusations may be made THAT COULDN'T BE ANSWERED BY ANYONE - the Air Force or HICAP. It's apropos to point out that under your plan you wouldn't be answering many questions if any - you'd just be asking them. Anyone can make someone else look bad under those conditions, and I am not a captive of the Air Force, I assure you.

As I have said, I suffered extreme disappointment as I read your plan. Talk about secrecy! In paragraph A of your letter to Chairman Brooks you propose "the Air Force representatives will be directed by the subcommittee to answer all of HICAP officials' questions in regard to specific UFO sighting, reports and to all phases of the Air Force investigation."

However, in paragraph B of the same letter you propose "...and the HICAP representatives will answer full, except for revealing names and certain details of a few reports given to HICAP confidentially." (emphasis added.) What kind of money, both in terms of manpower and peace of mind that a military service of this nation is to divulge everything to you, BUT YOU IN TURN cannot give "certain details" because it is confidential (emphasis, etc.). I have also read paragraph C of your proposals "It is also agreed that the Air Force may withhold names similarly, where witnesses consisted on this, and also, such minor items as classified radar techniques, aircraft speeds and other relatively unimportant points not bearing on the main questions at issue.") (Emphasis added.)

Personally I don't feel I need to elaborate on the generosity equivocated by your language in paragraph C. However, no one interested in justice could refrain completely. First of all, what witness honestly interested in the security of his nation, is going to insist to the Air Force he remain anonymous? (Or to your organization for that matter.) Secondly, you generously grant the Air Force the privilege of withholding "relatively unimportant points not bearing on the main questions at issue." Very generous, indeed. If you have information which the Air Force is keeping secret, but does not involve national security, I suggest you release it to the newspapers. They'll love it.

Honestly and sincerely, I make this confession; before I had received copies of your letter (and terms) to Chairman Brooks, I was vitally concerned and interested in what positive and factual information you had on UFO's and the assistance you might give to the Committee. You dispelled any hopes I had relative thereto in the language heretofore


- page 13 -

cited. I also could not overlook your language on page three: "The chief concern of NICAP Board members and officials is the increasing secrecy dangers - NOT, at this time, final conclusions about the UFO's. Undoubtedly, I have been misinformed on the purpose of NICAP. I was erroneously led to believe you had factual evidence of some kind about UFO's.

If I have anything to say about it, your terms, conditions and suggestions will not be accepted.

Very truly yours,

Joseph E. Karth

cc: Hon. Overton Brooks, Chairman
Hon. John McCormack, Majority Leader
Subcommittee members

JEK:eb


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
TD-E

TD-G (TD-E/Major Friend/vw/6926)
Congressional Committee Staff Member Visit

25 AUG 1961

AFSC (GOF)

1. Mr. Richard P. Hines, staff member of the House Science and Astronautics Committee (Congressman Overton Brooks, Louisiana, Chairman), visited the Foreign Technology Division on 14 and 15 August 1961. The purpose of Mr. Hines' visit was to gather background information on Project Blue Book (Unidentified Flying Objects) for a hearing on this subject which is scheduled to take place early in 1962.

2. Project Blue Book (UFO) has been an active Air Force project since June 1947. The objectives of the project are to determine: (a) If unidentified flying objects are a threat to the security of the United States, (b) if any new, unique, or revolutionary technical or scientific aspects or developments are involved in the phenomena, and (c) to identify and/or explain all sightings. The directives which are applicable to this program are AFR 200-2 dated 14 September 1959 and JANAP 146D dated February 1959. PTD responsibilities, defined in paragraph 4c of AFR 200-2, require analysis and evaluation of reports of sightings of unidentified flying objects and overall monitoring of the program. The Office of Information, Office of the Secretary of the Air Force, is responsible for releasing information on sightings and for answering public correspondence regarding UFO's. The Office of Legislative Liaison is responsible for handling all Congressional interests in the program.

3. Mr. Hines was thoroughly briefed on our method of conducting the program and of the Air Force and Government-wide facilities which have been used to provide data and assist with the analyses. He also visited some of the facilities of the Aeronautical Systems Division which have been used to support the program. Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Director of the Dearborn Observatory, Northwestern University, consultant to Project Blue Book (UFO), was present and assisted with the briefing of Mr. Hines.

4. Mr. Hines indicated that Congressional interest in the UFO program resulted from pressures of undisclosed sources which were brought to bear on Congressman John W. McCormack, Massachusetts (Majority Leader). Discussion resulted in the collective opinion that Major Donald E. Keyhoe, U. S. Marine Corps Retired, and present Director of the National Investigation Committee of Aerial Phenomena, a private UFO organization, was probably behind the effort. This opinion is substantiated by the


- page 15 -

facts that Major Keyhoe was behind previous efforts which resulted in
Congressional briefings during August 1958 and July 1960; that present
NICAP literature urges the members to write to their Congressmen and
request that there be a hearing on UFO's; and that Major Keyhoe has,
on his many television and radio appearances, spoken out for Congressional hearings.

5. It was indicated that Congressman Joseph E. Karth, Minnesota, will
be the chairman at the hearing. The hearing will last approximately
five days, four days for testimony of witnesses and the last day for
an executive session. The Air Force will be required to provide witnesses, and I suggest that Dr. J. Allen Hynek and Major Robert J.
Friend be among the persons appointed to attend. Dr. Hynek is the
Project consultant and Major Friend is the present chief of the Aerial
Phenomena Branch.

6. Mr. Hines indicated he was favorably impressed with our handling
of the program. I invited him to call on us for any future assistance
which he might need in preparing for the hearing. I also indicated
that it was desirable to have Dr. Hynek and Major Friend meet with
Congressman Karth prior to the hearing, a view with which Mr. Hines
readily concurred.

ARTHUR J. PIERCE
Brigadier General, USAF
Commander

COORDINATION: TD-E ________________ DATE 18 Aug 61
Major Robert J. Friend

TD-E ________________ DATE 15 Aug 61
Colonel Edward H. Wynn

2


- page 16 -

Congress of the United States
House of Representatives

COMMITTEE ON
SCIENCE AND ASTRONAUTICS
WASHINGTON, D.C.

OFFICIAL BUSINESS-FREE

Major Robert J. Friend
Chief, Aerial Phenomena
Foreign Technical Director FTID
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio


- page 17 -

1961 OCT 23
RECEIVED


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

OVERTON BROOKS, LA., CHAIRMAN
[List of committee members names partially visible on left side of document]

CHARLES F. DUCANDER
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND
CHIEF COUNSEL

COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE AND ASTRONAUTICS
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
WASHINGTON, D.C.

August 21, 1961

Major Robert J. Friend
Chief, Aerial Phenomena
Foreign Technical Director FFTD
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Bob:

We have finally returned from the wars to home base. The trip back was a bit wearisome and accomplished under considerable tension since my youngster developed a splendid case of tonsillitis which drove his temperature to 103 and better. As you can imagine this can be quite trying, but fortunately we found a Doctor who promptly shot the little lad in that well known area with penicillin. This did the job and he is now as chirpy as a squirrel.

Please accept my thanks, Bob, for your unstinting assistance and help during my stay in Dayton.

I have not as yet had an opportunity to discuss with Mr. Karth the results of my trip, but I am certain that previous decisions have not been changed. Today the Chairman confirmed his previous decision that no hearings will be held on UFOs during this session of Congress and no specific date can be or will be set for next year. For this I am sure both you and I breathe a deep sigh of relief. However, as you can imagine, the "plaintiffs" have begun their clamor, stimulated by notices in the press of our committee's interest in UFOs.

If anything new develops I shall let you know.

Cordially,
[Signed]
Richard P. Hines
Staff Consultant


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
TD-E

TD-E/Major Friend/vw/69216

16 AUG 1961

Congressional Committee Staff Member Visit

SAFL

1. Mr. Richard P. Hines, staff member of the House Science and Astronautics Committee, visited the Foreign Technology Division, Air Force Systems Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, on 14 and 15 July 1961.

2. The purpose of Mr. Hines' visit was to gather background information on Project Blue Book (Unidentified Flying Objects) for a hearing on this subject which is scheduled for early 1962.

3. There were no deficiencies indicated, nor was any corrective action taken or recommended.

EDWARD H. WINN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

COORDINATION: TD-E Robert J. Friend DATE 15 Aug 61
Major Robert J. Friend


- page 20 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TD-X2e
SUBJECT: Visitors

TO: Deputies and Staff Office Chiefs

The following individuals will visit Foreign Technology Division
during the period 14 - 18 August 1961:

NAME           GRADE   ORGANIZATION     FTD    FTD     DAY
                                        OPI    CONTACT

BLARD, James W.   GS-14  Washington, D.C.  TD-D   Mr. Herman  14-15
DUVALL, Gorjon L. GS-13  Washington, D.C.  TD-D   Mr. Herman  14-15
STANFORD, Floyd B. Capt   Washington, D.C.  TD-D   Mr. Herman  14-15
HINES, Richard             Congress of U.S.  TD-E   Maj. Friend 14-15

PAUL F. SCHWAB
Captain, USAF
Security Officer


- page 21 -

