PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
28 Jan 61

2. LOCATION
Newark, New Jersey

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1830

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒Ground-Visual ☐Ground-Radar
☐Air-Visual ☐Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ NO

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 min.

7. SOURCE
Civilian

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
E-W

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Dark gray object, moved from East to West. About the size of a jet with no wings. Disappeared behind a house.

11. COMMENTS
Witness stated that he heard a sound like a jet plane. The description of the object is very similar to that of an a/c when it is observed at night. The object was probably a jet a/c flying in the area, and it just so happened that the witness saw it fly over. Recommend the total of possibilities be explored.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☒ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text appears to read: "Sitting and just a simple quiet last life, and saw this thing"]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North: 90 degrees.
b. From horizon: _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North: Ctrnt. degrees.
b. From horizon: _______ degrees.

[A compass rose diagram is also present on the page]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
2.28 Jan 1961 More - Florida
Day Month Year Misc. Base

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF YOU answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF YOU answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
1. Something like rocket head 2. Point Rican


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?   325 M P.C.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Newark   Co   N.J.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
Age 35   Sex Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
I am first an American Citizen looking out for my Country's welfare. I just want a design from A.C.B.M. Air Force Stone
[rest of text partially illegible]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Sept 9   Sept   1961


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

NEWARK 6, N.J.

RRE
Commanding, Col. A.T. Haggd.

Sir; my name was above.

On the 28 of Jan at 6:30 P.M. I saw a
Noisde out side, in train I saw
Something like a rocket, but it
was moving to slow to be a jet
plane.

I tried to receive information about
this by Calling [REDACTED] Fla.
I could not receive an information.
Could you please let have for the
phone number to Calling a Case like
this. And Could you Check and see if.

[Handwritten note on top right]
Send the letter out
not carrying it up to
get information
Gom 23 1961
WRTC


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

A rocket has been fired on this day.

Thank You:

Mr [redacted]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

SAFOI-34/MJP mara/72291

7 February 1961

Dear Mr.

This is to acknowledge your letter of 28 January 1961 concerning the sighting of an unidentified flying object on that date.

Your letter contained insufficient information for a valid conclusion. Therefore, request you fill out the attached Air Force questionnaire in detail and forward the completed document to the Commander, Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio for their analysis and/or evaluation.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Enclosure

Mr.
Newark, New Jersey

*Comeback 01-34
Reader 01-1


- page 7 -

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One):   a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
    c. Break up into parts or explode?
    d. Give off smoke?
    e. Change brightness?
    f. Change shape?
    g. Flash or flicker?
    h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):   a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No
    b. Sun glasses      Yes   No
    c. Windshield       Yes   No
    d. Window glass     Yes   No

    e. Binoculars       Yes   No
    f. Telescope        Yes   No
    g. Theodolite       Yes   No
    h. Other: Just By Eyes   No


- page 8 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
8 1 1961
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 6 30
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where was [illegible] when you saw the object?
Newark                New Jersey
City or Town          State or County

5. How long was object in sight?
2 60
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
(Circle One): a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                   NIGHT
a. Bright             a. Bright
b. Cloudy             b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
b. In back of you    e. Overhead
c. To your right     f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 FEB 60 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

A" ―――――――― "B"

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
About the size of a jet with no wings

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[A hand-drawn sketch of a match stick]
MATCH IN HAND

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It went behind the trees.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
If you took the front of a rocket of a distant use for marksmanship by the air force.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound    Light a jet plane
    b. Color    Reddish Tangent

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an elongated object with a small protrusion, with a note "From East to West"]

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One):  a. Fuzzy or blurred
                   b. Like a bright star
                   c. Sharply outlined
                   d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[The bottom section is blank]


- page 11 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 12 -

