PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
25 May, 1961

2. LOCATION
Smyrna, Delaware

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2330

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
---

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Bright object flashing or flickering, low on the horizon observed through trees. Orange color.

11. COMMENTS
The star Antares was in the position indicated by the observer. General confirmation of the object conforms to observation of a star.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
■ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
■ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 25 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was watching cars, when I glanced toward the forest

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South                 g. West
b. Northeast             d. Southeast            f. Southwest             h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South                 g. West
b. Northeast             d. Southeast            f. Southwest             h. Northwest
                                                                           i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South                 g. West
b. Northeast             d. Southeast            f. Southwest             h. Northwest
                                                                           i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees.                 I was not familiar with this

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees.


- page 2 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? nobody

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
My sister miss [SMYRNA, DEL]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
WHERE: A HILL
WHEN: 10:00 PM
Circumstances: Standing still

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
It may have been some air pattern or something to each catch other. Because after 10 min. staring at it (and the sky) it was you


- page 4 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   (Yes)   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   120-150 MILE

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED]   Smyrna   CITY   Delaware   STATE

TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE   11   SEX   MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
Education: good
Grade: 6
Inner Planted (Carfax)

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:   25   Dec   1961   YEAR


- page 5 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: June 20, 1961

(Do Not Write in This Space)
CODE:


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

CLEARING in wooded woods

OBJECT FLASHING

DIRT ROAD

The Reason I included this is because the clearing was never before then.

Page 10 is noted in the top right corner of the document.

The document contains a hand-drawn sketch showing what appears to be a clearing in a wooded area, with a dirt road and an indication of a flashing object.


- page 7 -

16 June 1961

Dear [redacted]

Your letter of May 25th addressed to the President of the United States has been forwarded to this office. The U.S. Air Force is the agency assigned the responsibility for the investigation of unidentified flying object reports.

The date of your sighting along with the time and description of the objects and its movement, northwest approximately to that of a billboards (AOBS) launched from Wallops, Virginia. This is a balloon launch mission near Chincoteague, Virginia. A balloon was attacked. Its purpose is to provide temperature and wind information to high altitudes. If visual sightings will show the trajectory, size, and very low luminance, the balloon launch, sending frame and several directions at high velocities. However other locations launch similar balloons. A check with the information officer at Dover AFB would confirm this along with balloon movements.

The brilliance of the object is determined by the amount of light striking it and the reflected light conditions from below. In some cases the brilliance can be a magnitude brighter than the planet Venus.

For a while longer you may still be able to see the balloons launched from Wallops, Virginia. From Smyrna, you should look between azimuth 230 degrees and 300 degrees at altitudes varying from near the horizon to about 50 degrees between 7:45 p.m. and 9:00 p.m. All times given are extremely brief. For the AOBS from Dover AFB (if they are launched), you should look generally in the same area of previous sightings. The positions will vary with the high altitude wind velocities and directions.

If future sightings do not fall within the criteria listed above, please complete the enclosed questionnaire and mail in the attached pre-addressed envelope.


- page 8 -

Your interest is appreciated.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM J. COLEMAN
Major, USAF
DPD Project Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Smyrna, Delaware


- page 9 -

NATIONAL
AERONAUTICS
AND SPACE
ADMINISTRATION

NASA HEADQUARTERS
1200 N STREET NW
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

IN REPLY REFER TO:
DIR, 1

June 13, 1961

MEMORANDUM FOR:   Major William Coleman, SAFOI
                  HQ
                  Headquarters USAF
                  The Pentagon
                  Washington 25, D. C.

SUBJECT:    Referral of Correspondence

The enclosed correspondence is forwarded for
consideration and appropriate action to include direct
reply to the writer who has been notified of this
referral. Information copy of your reply is not requested.

Encl:      Recent letter from
            Smyrna, Delaware

                        E. B. Parks
                        Chief, Exchange Section
                        Office of Technical Information
                        and Educational Programs


- page 10 -

Friday 26, 12.5 o'clock

Dear Mr. Kennedy:

Last night of Thursday night at about 9:00-3:00 of 11 year old saw an orange colored disc in the sky over Dover City "Tex Base" just it hovered, then it moved back and forth, in 12 miles.

The site light grew fainter and fainter until it vanished.

As it moved it seemed to be turning on an axis. Tilted as to its tilted back and forth.

Once while on its way to disappear it seemed to be hovering motionless, earth and itself.

I suggest you look into to it, it may be the spy from outer space.

While I'm at, give my congratulations to Alan B. Shephard if L.

I wrote the preceding letter to you because I don't know N. A. S. A.'s address.

Thank you for your kind attention.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature and bottom portion of the page are blacked out]


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

I'm very interested in space stuff. Not fiction but fact!

my address is:

[redacted black lines]

Smyrna Delaware


- page 12 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Monday June 1961
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 10:08 11     30
                Hour        Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
                             b. Central
                             c. Mountain
                             d. Pacific
                             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
              b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
On Road                   SMYRNA   DEL.
Nearest Postal Address                City or Town       State or Country

Additional remarks: [illegible]

5. How long was object in sight? 0     Approx 10     0
                                 Hours   Minutes    Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
(Circle One): a. Certain
              b. Fairly certain
              c. Not very sure
              d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                 NIGHT
a. Bright                           a. Bright
b. Cloudy                           b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
              b. In back of you      e. Overhead
              c. To your right       f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 15 Oct 54.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning its STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
Yes, indeed

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   (No)   Don't Know
Yes   (No)   Don't Know
Yes   (No)   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   (No)   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
A FOREST

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   (No)
c. Windshield   Yes   (No)
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   (No)
f. Telescope   Yes   (No)
g. Theodolite   Yes   (No)
h. Other   Yes   No


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound    none
    b. Color    orange

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch is present, with some scribbled lines and a small circular object]

HW: forest
the object stood steady

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
    (x) b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[The bottom section of the form is blank]


- page 15 -

