PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
14 Dec 61

2. LOCATION
Amityville, N.Y.

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2245
GMT 15/0345

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No Drawing

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
Generally E

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
3 boys of Amityville, N.Y. observed object which appeared to hover, move to new location at great speed, hover again before disappearance. Object was described as a light bright enough to light up clouds in area. Whining noise was attributed to object as it disappeared. Witnesses did not give time for duration of event but did indicate changing their positions over a considerable distance while it was occurring. Duration was too long for meteor.

11. COMMENTS
Witnesses did not provide sufficient info to allow a conclusion for sighting. Possible that this was an intercept a/c with the afterburner operating but length of time which indicated in report would have been too long for a/c to have remained visible.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

MEMORANDUM

Bob:

Can you provide some information on which
to base a reply to this?
Missile schedule revealed no shots on this
night (Dec 14th).

You might take a look at the interceptor (F-106)
path out of Dover AFB (Del). They move in
the direction of Long Island and then proceed
out to sea on an intercept....usually with
AB on all the way. Sometimes there a boom
followed by engine racket....etc.

Bill


- page 2 -

HEADQUARTERS
2500TH AIR BASE WING
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
MITCHELL AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: Base Commander

SUBJECT: Report of Unknown Object Over Amityville, New York

TO: Department of the Air Force
Office of Information
Washington 25, D. C.

2 JAN 1962

The attached letter, dated 19 December 1961, from Amityville, New York, is forwarded for investigation and direct reply.

WILLIAM I. HAMMOND
Major, USAF
Commander

1 Atch
Ltr     19 December 1961

Info Cy:


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

WILLIAM J. KAY
Chief

POLICE DEPARTMENT
AMITYVILLE, N.Y.

Telephone
Amityville 4-6100

9:40 AM December 19th, 1961

SUBJECT: Report of Unknown Object over Amityville L I

TO : Major Hammond, USAF

FROM :

1. About 9:30 PM Friday, December 15th, 1961, the three following named boys appeared at my HQ., reporting sighting of unknown object over Amityville, and also prepared the enclosed map:-

(a)
(b)
(c)

Unk
, Amityville,
, Amityville,

2. They reported that at about 10:45 PM the night of Thursday, December 14th, 1961, the three boys were at the Amityville Municipal Bathing Beach area, just having come from a DeMolay Meeting in Amityville, when noticed a large light in the sky, just beyond a large building, formerly the Herald Tribune Fresh Air Fund Camp, just to the west of the Bathing Beach on the waterfront.

3. Following herewith find report submitted by

"and I couldn't explain it either, so we turned around and went to Point O (on the map) to observe it better. The "light" just hovered in the air over the Bay.

At point O, it travelled at an enormous rate of speed. By the time we reached Point O - it travelled from X to Y in a matter of only a few seconds.

We ran from E to E. Here, Object stopped and hovered at Y. We were at B (2) and heard a sound that would send chills up and down your back.

Object turned now and we saw a perfectly shaped object (strange sound, similar to a high whine and a low whine, mounting in crescendo, in unison) with bright rays appeared at its sides. As it entered the clouds, it turned extremely bright, enough to light up the entire cloud area around it. Within a split second, the thing disappeared heading south. Strange sounds continued after object disappeared. Sound stopped a short time later.

4. Investigation of these boys by my office, revealed they are all highly intelligent young men, attending Amityville High School. They never before been involved in any prank in the Village. They are all of high class caliber, of good character, coming from fine parents. They first reported this incident to their high School Teacher, Mr. Ben Kurland, and he referred them to my office. I have no reason to disbelieve their story, as they aren't the type to make things up.

5. When they reported to HQ on December 15th, 1961, they were equipped with a camera and a pair of binoculars, and were dressed in warm clothing. They stated they xxx intended to stake out the area again, hoping to spot the "object". Have not heard from them since.


- page 4 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

WATER

BE ROOF     BEACH

PARKING HELP

WASTE
LAND

Numbered notes (partially legible):
1. Car entered at point A, turned left
2. At point B was stopped, became interested at large, single figure
3. [Partially illegible text]
4. [Partially illegible text]
5. [Partially illegible text]
6. [Partially illegible text]
7. [Partially illegible text]

The document appears to be a hand-drawn diagram with some written notes, with some text obscured or blacked out.


- page 5 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

WATE

REEDS

W.A.S.T.

(1) car entered at
left

(2) at point 13 on

(3) [partially illegible text]

(6) at point 6 [rest of text is mostly illegible or obscured]

The document appears to be a schematic or diagram with some handwritten notes, but significant portions of the text are difficult to read clearly.


- page 6 -

Dec 14th 1961

About 10:45 P.M.

[Multiple lines of text are redacted/blacked out]

Map & Report enclosed by


- page 7 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[Top of page, partially legible text]
(Clamps)

[Middle of page, partially legible paragraph]
Turned over and saw a brightly colored light (some word) changed angle, appeared at a height, and witnessed its character. It showed vertically (some words) in the color that was visible from where we were. Appeared to be quite (some words)...

[Bottom of page]
WATER
WOOD BEACH
FARM
HEROINE

There is also a hand-drawn sketch/diagram at the bottom of the page with these labels, but as instructed, I will not describe the diagram beyond the text labels.

Some text is illegible due to the image quality and faded/handwritten nature of the document.


- page 8 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Top paragraph - partially legible]
... was and we have a relatively designed object ...
... at its sides. And detected the elements ...
... it showed relatively strong passage ... the object was ... where I was ...
... including ... it appeared ...

[Handwritten notes on left side]
Hyneck
note

[Bottom diagram labels]
WATER
WATER
BEACH
PARKING LOT
MERONE

The top paragraph is partially illegible, with many words missing or unclear. The bottom of the page contains a hand-drawn diagram with landscape/terrain features labeled.


- page 9 -

