PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
31 May 61

2. LOCATION
Wichita Falls, Texas

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local - 2130

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
On file

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 min

7. GMT
23326 Aug 61

8. SOURCE
Military

9. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One obs, 14th AUG 61, a round object observed for
10 min fr overhead to 10° above horizon on
heading of 030°. Looked like Echo I.

11. COURSE
NE

12. CONCLUSIONS
(Checkboxes, none marked)

COMMENTS
Present for satellite observation. Not
consistent with known satellite. However, no
info points to Echo I.


- page 1 -

UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

USA
Department of Intelligence Training
Sheppard Air Force Base, Texas

31 May 61
1 June 61
1 June 61

Lt Richard A. Flagg, USAF
SSgt Richard W. Misber

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

SUMMARY: (Here summarize the salient factors of narrative report. Begin narrative text on line 12)

Inclosed is the results of an investigation of a UFO that was sighted at about 2100 hours (central time), 31 May 1961, over Wichita Falls, Texas and Sheppard Air Force Base. The person that sighted the UFO is a SSgt who had an experienced weather forecaster. This investigation is being reported on AF Form 112, instead of ATIC Form 164, because this organization does not have the latter form.

APPROVED:
PAUL A. STEARS
LtCol, USAF
Director, Dept Intel Trng

1 - One newspaper clipping

[At bottom of page: UNCLASSIFIED]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

1. Description of object:
a. Shape - "Round, looked very much like a star"
b. Size - "The head of a pin at arm length would have covered it"
c. Color - "Just blue-white, it was not blinking lights"
d. Number - One
e. Tail or Exhaust - "No tail or contrails"
f. Sound - "None at all"
g. Other unusual details - "I have seen the echo satellite, and this looked a lot like it, this object was at least 50,000 feet"

2. Description of course of object:
a. "I first called the attention of the observer - 'I just looked up and saw this there.' As a weather forecaster, I am interested in watching the sky."
b. "This time when I looked up it was there."
c. Angle or azimuth when first seen - "About 30 degrees, almost overhead"
d. Angle or azimuth upon disappearance - "About 30 degrees"
e. Flight path - "Descending down from the North and later curved slightly to the Southeast"
f. How did it disappear - "It just went out of my range of vision"
g. How long was object visible - "It would say about 10 minutes"

3. Manner of observation - "I was standing on the ground and saw it with the naked eye"

4. Time and date of sighting:
a. 010200 Z - June 1961
b. Night

5. Location of observer - about 1 mile west of Sheppard Air Force Base.

6. Identifying information on observer:
a. Name - Richard M. Hicken
b. Grade - SSgt, USAF
c. Organization - Detachment 5, 6th Weather Group
d. Duty - Weather forecaster
e. Distance of reliability - Because of his duty and experience as a weather forecaster, I would rate this source rather high in regard to statements he makes concerning objects in the sky.

7. Weather and winds:
a. Observers account - "The winds were out of the west, and there were high cirrus clouds at about 30,000 to 40,000 feet, but not thick enough to obscure vision. The moon was just on the horizon in the east..."
b. Winds and winds from U.S. Weather Bureau:
   Direction   Knots
   260         25
   290         40
c. Visibility - 15 plus
d. Cloud cover - high cirrus
e. There were no thunderstorms in the area

8. There was a meteor sighted over Tyler, Texas, about 250 miles from here (see included newspaper clipping from the Wichita Falls newspaper, dated 1 June 1961).

9. A check with the control tower and flight dispatcher at Sheppard AFB

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

PAGE 3 OF 3 PAGES

disclosed that there were no aircraft in the area that could have been mistaken for the object, which was reported to be at least 50,000 feet.

10. Comments of preparing officer:

The source of this report is an experienced weather forecaster who is familiar with objects that should be in the sky at any particular time. He advised that the object was not a star, because it was moving too fast. When asked if it could have been a falling star, he stated that he doubted it. Very much because the trajectory was different and it did not lose any of its intensity. An FYF aircraft flow over this area in 1954 (several time) on its way to Chase Field in Beeville, Texas, but this should have been well out of the area by the time the source made his sighting. Other than the above mentioned aircraft, there is no record of any aircraft in this area that could fly at, or around 30,000 feet. It is possible that the sighting was the meteor mentioned in the inclosed clipping, except that the object maintained was moving too slow and did not have a tail. The most logical answer as to what the source saw, is a satellite, probably Macao. However, this agency does not have the means to check and find out if a satellite went over this area at the time the source made the sighting.

At the bottom of the document, there is a warning statement about the document containing information affecting national defense of the United States.

The document is marked as UNCLASSIFIED at the top and bottom.


- page 4 -

