PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
16 Oct 61

2. LOCATION
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1850

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
XD Ground-Visual

5. GMT
182350Z

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
NW

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING Obj. having glow fox 5 min. 14 red-yellowish tall. Vanished in seconds. Looked like comet very close. At dusk.

11. COMMENTS Obj. has all characteristics of meteor of fireball class except that it was viewed moving slowly for 5 min and then vanished in seconds. Witness enclosed drawing and description of fireball. This along with statement that obj. vanished 4 seconds indicates fireball observation.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon

Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft

Was Astronomical Meteor
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical

Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)                WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Clear sky                        a. Dry
b. Hazy                             b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds                 c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds            d. Snow
                                    e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
5 th     C.S.T.     11/61
Day       Time       Month   Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? YES
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses: [redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? YES
(Circle One) Yes     No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
Some years ago I saw a flying saucer
reported it to the War Dept.

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Possibly a Russian made object like a
Comet. Silent as it traveled in the sky


- page 2 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 40 miles or form

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 3 miles above

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
Age: 60   Sex: MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
[partially illegible text, appears to mention something about school and grades]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 18TH   OCT   1961
                                           Day    Month   Year


- page 3 -

War Department
Washington,D.C.                                October 14th, 1961

Dear Sir:

1 wish to report an unusual object in the sky over Overbrook,Philad,Penna
Time 6:50, place, between City Line and Wynnefield on Eryn Mawr Avenue,Philad
Penna. OCT 15, 1961

What My Helper and I seen in the sky, it was like a Comet, fiery
tall at the head of the tail was a red object, the object was NOT traveling
up in the sky but as a plane would travel, the speed was slow. It was a Big
object like 1 seen in 1912 the Halley Comet, yet this object was so close to
the ground, something like we have never seen before. At 7 P.M it faded into
the sky, and that was all we seen of it.

I thought you would like to have this report and also to check with any
object that the United States Government may have had at that time if
they have sent up any missile at that time, or not. No report I have heard from
the Press on this matter, but what every it was, it was BIG and I have never seen
anything like it but the Halley comet in 1912.

Again final report. Object Ball of Fire with a long yellow tail, noiseless,
again noiseless, speed like the Halley Comet slow, flying across sky, but is the
report, but a most Beautiful sight.

Most Faithfully Yours,
Washington,D.C.

Questionnaires forwarded & 
close (2) for completion and mailing
direct to office of A.F.-FTD-O


- page 4 -

Copy of original letter to Dr. [redacted]
Major Colman will fill in my form and send address on envelope
thank you for your letter and forms.

October 30th, 1961

Dear Dr. [redacted]

I have just received a letter from Major Wm T.Coleman,Jr Department of the Air Force, Office of the Secretary UFO Project Information O. in regards to an object my Helper and I seen on 18th of October 1961 at 6150 P.M at [redacted] Avenue in the 2200 block, and from this you told My Wife that you also been this object at the Presidential Apt's that same evening.

Since all this is Most Important to the United States Government would you Please fill out the form here and return same to me so that I can forward your report and mine to Major Coleman. I wish I had a camera and field glasses with me to take sure what over I see will be proof of the finds.

What and I seen that evening, and [redacted] seen it first, as we looked at the object it seems to us that in front was a Gondola or what I would call the pilot room, from what I also seen and [redacted] been was like a window in this Pilot room as I seen a light shape, and a long tail, and what a tail, and silent, as we watched this in movement it was traveling very slow for about five minutes and then it gained speed and was out of sight fast.

As from above and in any plane if you lit a match at dusk it would be seen from above, and no doubt if this was a Russian made skyroket or some sort, the front of this object was red. Unless we take more time and look towards the heavens we may be caught some day unprepared. At first I thought it was a comet like the one I seen in 1912 the Hailey Comet, but no I see it now is could be Russian made project.

Thanking you Dr. [redacted] for the filled out form here in, and how many more of your party seen this. Thank you for reading this letter, and for the Service you rendered first dental work. I am Very Pleased with it all.

P.S. I am enclosing a letter to where you can send your report, this letter or envelope I received two of them, so send your form to the address on this envelope, and if my letter, send same to this address.

Faithfully Yours,
[redacted signature]


- page 5 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
18-24 OCT 1961

2. Time of day: 6 50 P.M.
(Circle One): A.M. or (P.M.)

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Philadelphia Pa
Nearest Postal Address                City or Town                     State or Country

Additional remarks: City Yard Dept. 1126 Byrd St. Maint. Dept. Philadelphia Pa

5. How long was object in sight? 5 minutes Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Looking at Watch

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                                NIGHT
a. Bright                                         a. Bright
b. Cloudy                                         b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you out of
b. In back of you sight
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch-dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? YES

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still or any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Move slowly
(Circle One for each question)
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes No
b. Sun glasses    Yes No
c. Windshield     Yes No
d. Window glass   Yes No

e. Binoculars     Yes No
f. Telescope      Yes No
g. Theodolite     Yes No
h. Other          Yes No


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: Silent
b. Color: Yellow-tail, Red-Reddest room

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Handwritten sketch with notes]
RED traveling
just out of
blind north
west
Yellow tail
and reddish

Moving slow- for 8 minutes, then fast speed
Vortexed in seconds

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Shortly outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: Like a Comet

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Just 1.
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Remaining section is blank]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[A hand-drawn diagram showing a circular object with a tail, labeled with "TAIL", "RED", "REDDISH-YELLOW TAIL", and points A and B]

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
[Handwritten response appears to be: 1/2 to 1/5 Acme]

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[No response written]

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[Handwritten response: Object in sight about 5 min/mile clear fast]

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[Handwritten response: Looked like a Comet Very close to the ground, Very large]


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other: out side on ground

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near on airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other:

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Resting leave outside. My helper saw the object first or other my attention to it.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees.
OCT 18 1961 - 6:50 P.M

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees.


- page 10 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 11 -

