On the evening of January 15, 1961, a large fireball was seen travelling northward from points between Kauston, Wisconsin, and Port Arthur, Ontario. This came to the writer's attention through a news-cast concerning the Wauston sightings presented by Green Bay Radio Station WBAY.

An immediate effort was made to secure accurate, detailed reports from the Wauston area. The Wauston County sheriff's office, Mauston Radio Station WMVJ, and a Mauston newspaper, the Juneau County Chronicle, rendered active assistance. Subsequently, Mr. Lawrence College student whose home is in Mauston, personally interviewed several of the witnesses.

Mrs. who lives on a farm near Camp Douglas,13 miles northwest of Mauston, reported the course of the Fireball as "straight down" to the north. This suggests that the bolide passed directly over Camp Douglas, although it did not become visible until it had travelled some distance beyond.

Mrs. saw the fireball from an automobile about half a mile southeast of Lake Delton--23 miles southeast of Mauston. To her, it appeared to be "as large, if not twice as large, as the moon". She checked her watch and noted that the time was exactly 6:10 P.M. (Central Standard Time).

Mr. was in the living room of his home at the Castle Rock Boy Scout Camp, about 13 miles northeast of Mauston. He described the fireball as "larger than the full moon" and resembling an airplane coming down in flames.

None of these observers heard any sound which they connected with the passage of the fireball.

About a week later, a letter was received from Mr. of Minoqua indicating that the same fireball had been seen in that area. The writer visited Minoqua on January 24th and collected a number of verbal reports. Additional written reports were received subsequently--thanks to the cooperation of Minoqua's newspaper, the Lakeland Times, and Rhinelander Radio Station WDBT.

and were in a car about 8 miles west of Minoqua. They reported the fireball as about half the size of the full moon and "shooting out sparks". It passed more or less directly overhead and was visible for at least five seconds. Twenty seconds after its disappearance they heard "rumbling or crackling" sounds.

an eleven-year-old boy, was walking toward the barn on his family's farm just west of Woodruff, a mile north of Minoqua. He saw the fireball passing a little west of overhead and was impressed by its brilliant illumination of the snow-covered ground.

Mrs. lives two miles west of Boulder Junction, about


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

3

18 miles north of Minocqua. She was outdoors watching a snowplow clear-
ing the surface of a skating rink. The fireball, as she observed it,
passed more or less directly overhead from south to north.

Mr. saw the fireball from a location near Manito-
wah Waters, which is about 21 miles northwest of Minocqua. He thought
it landed within a thousand feet to the east of him. Although he heard
no sounds, Mr. noticed a strong odor of burning sulfur in the
air.

Mrs. was in a car about two miles southeast of
Presque Isle, which is on the Michigan border twenty-five miles north
of Minocqua. The fireball seemed to pass almost directly overhead. As
it did so, the car radio faded out and, she heard a "distinct humming"
sound. Before it disappeared to the north, the fireball seemed to ex-
plode in a burst of greenish light and shoot fragments in all directions.

The foregoing reports are consistent with the path of the main
fireball as inferred from observations in the Hauston and Ft. William
areas. Some other reports were received which are apparently inconsist-
ent, either because they involve serious errors in compass directions
or because one or more other fireballs (possible fragments of the main
one) were observed during the same evening.

For example, Miss was driving south on Highway 47 and
saw a fireball when she was about 16 miles northwest of Minocqua, accord-
ing to Miss Walnick, the fireball seemed to come from overhead and fell
in front of her—to the south.

Mrs. saw a fireball through the open door of the Enchanted
Forest Bar about three miles northwest of Lac du Flambeau (approximately
11 miles northwest of Minocqua). She called to customers who were in
the bar at the time, and they also witnessed the fireball. According
to Mrs. the direction of travel was from west to east, and the
course somewhat to the south.

Another observer who saw a fireball apparently falling toward the
southeast was Mrs. of Eagle River. She was driving north
on Highway 51 and was about 1½ miles north of Irma—roughly 35 miles
south of Minocqua. The fireball seemed to come from almost directly
over the car. It left a conspicuous trail and illuminated the ground
"like lightning."

Mr. saw no fireball, but as he was walking along a
road 4 miles south of Three Lakes, noticed a peculiar blue-green illumi-
nation of the sky, which lasted for several seconds. One or two seconds
later he heard a dull "boom", apparently from the southeast, and simul-
taneously felt a distinct ground tremor. Three Lakes is about 27 miles
east of Minocqua.

Another report, although it introduces an additional complication in
the matter of direction, is interesting in that it lends support for the


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

idea that two distinct fireballs may have been seen in the Minocqua area.
a high school student, was driving south of Highway 51
about 20 miles south of Minocqua when he noticed a bright flash of white
light in the sky. About ten minutes later, after he had turned off the
highway onto a side road, he saw a fireball, which resembled "a burning
plane", apparently falling straight down to the southwest.

- - - - - - - -

No effort was made to secure reports from the area between Mauston
and Minocqua. However, newspapers reported that the fireball
was seen from a North Central Airlines plane in the vicinity of Wisconsin
Rapids. In northern Michigan, inquiries were addressed to the Ontonagon
newspaper and Chamber of Commerce. No response was received. It may be
that the fireball could not be seen here due to weather conditions. Mrs.
[name redacted] in her report from just south of the Michigan border (see above),
indicated that the sky to the north was overcast.

- - - - - - - -

Mrs. [name redacted] mentioned above, happened to be a former resident of the
Ft. William area and called to the writer's attention an article in the
Ft. William Times-Journal for January 16th indicating that the Mauston-
Minocqua fireball had been seen from the north shore of Lake Superior.
Requests for further detailed information were addressed to the Times-
Journal and the Port Arthur News Herald. Thanks to the very generous
cooperation of these newspapers, a number of excellent eye-witness reports
were later received by the writer. Inquiries were also sent to various
other Canadian locations from which the fireball might have been seen,
but these failed to produce additional data.

Two of the reports from the Ft. William-Port Arthur area are particularly interesting in that they provide an approximate "fix" on the point
of impact. Mr. [name redacted] was located on the north shore of Thunder
Bay about 5 miles northeast of the Port Arthur city limits. He saw the
fireball reach the horizon on a line just a little to the west of Pie
Island. Mr. [name redacted] was looking out the front window of his home
near the intersection of Isabella and Ford Sts. in Ft. William. He saw
the fireball appear from behind the summit of Mt. McKay and descend in an
apparently eastward direction so that it reached the horizon slightly
to the east of the base of the mountain. The intersection of Mr. [name redacted]
and Mr. [name redacted] lines puts the point of impact between the west ends
of Pie Island and Thompson Island.

Three other reports were received from within the city limits of
Ft. William, one from a 13-year-old boy, was skating in Minnesota Park near the north city limits when he saw the fireball, looking
"bigger than a star" and followed by a short trail. "Like a blow torch,"
falling to an end point 15° east of south. Mr. [name redacted] was in a
car at the intersection of Oakwood St. and Victoria Ave. He too gave a
course for the meteorite which puts the point of impact close to
Mr. [name redacted] line. Mrs. [name redacted] was in a car (apparently


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

parked) near McKellar General Hospital. As soon as she saw the fireball, Mrs. [redacted] got out of the car for a better view. She watched the fireball descend to the southeast and noted the time as exactly 6:12 C.S.T.

Two reports came in from persons located a considerable distance west of Ft. William. Mr. [redacted] was fishing near the west end of Whitefish Lake—about 36 miles southwest. He described the fireball as "about the size of the moon", and its course as nearly parallel to the southeastern horizon. The point of impact he estimated to be on a line running toward the southwest end of Isle Royale, Miss.

The fireball through the window of a house located about 26 miles west of Ft. William. To her it looked like "a large star" with a trail like vapor behind a jet plane "but very red".

Most Canadian observers (excepting Mr. [redacted]) described the apparent size of the fireball as something between a star of extraordinary brightness and "about one quarter the size of the moon". None of them was aware of any sounds connected with the flight or impact of the bolide.

It may be mentioned that, as in the Minocqua area, several reports were received on what appear to have been other fireballs or large meteors visible the same evening.

Since the northern part of Lake Superior is ordinarily ice-covered until well along in spring, and thick ice is not easily penetrated even by a falling meteorite, it seemed desirable to try to initiate an air search around the probable joint of impact. Accordingly, the Ft. William Times Journal and also the Ft. William Chamber of Commerce were notified that, if any small plane owners cared to look for it, a reward of $100 would be paid for the recovery of the meteorite. It was suggested that the search be concentrated between the west ends of Pie Island and Isle Royale. Whether any search was made is not known. So far, no one has applied for the reward.


- page 4 -

RECEIVED
17 JAN 61 07 500
ATIC

16 JAN 61 20 5dz

UNCLAS DUC IN 2.

REF AFR 203-2, PARA 15, THE FOLLOWING REPORT IS SUBMITTED:

A. KGL SHOOTING STAR, WITH BALL OF BLUE LIGHT

KGL NO ESTIMATE
KGL BLUISH WHITE
KGL ONE
KGL N/A
KGL NO
KGL SLIGHT TAIL
KIL NO

1-16-61 6:00 P.M. Shooting star with ball of blue light, white tail, burned out with red sparks, observed 3 seconds. Observed from 60 miles NE of Duluth, Minnesota.

PAGE TWO RJEDDU 24
KGL NO

B. KGL BRIGHT LIGHT


- page 5 -

KYL 23,300 OR 25,300 FEET - 195 DEG
KYL 13,300 FEET - 259 DEG
KYL ----
KYL BURNED OUT, RED SPARK
KYL 3 SECONDS

C. KYL VISUAL
   KYL NO

D. KYL LT. CHAPMAN, PILOT MADE OBSERVATION WHILE AIR BORNE
   KYL 2403Z 15 JAN 1961
   KYL NIGHT

E. KYL ----

F. KYL 60 MILES NNE DULUTH, NORTH OF LAKE SUPERIOR

G. KYL LT. JAMES CHAPMAN, PILOT 178TH ANG, 27 YEAR, 2713 W. 3RD
   DULUTH, ANG PILOT, KEARK TELLER)

G. KYL LIGHT CIRRUS, 25,300
   KYL 200 DEG 5 KNOT
   310 DEG 13 KNOT
   260 DEG 13 KNOT

PAGE THREE WJEDU 24
   270 DEG 13 KNOT
   340 DEG 13 KNOTS
   350 DEG 53 KNOTS
   310 DEG 15 KNOT
   270 DEG 13 KNOT
KYL CLEAR
KYL 15 MILES


- page 6 -

RTL NONE
RGO NO
H. NONE

I. PILOT MADE TWO RUNS ALONG NORTH SHORE OF LAKE SUPERIOR WITH
NEGATIVE RESULTS.

J. NONE

K. NORAD INTELLIGENCE OFFICER. BELIEVE THIS TO BE A SHOOTING STAR.

L. NONE

M. BELIEVES SIGHTING TO BE A SHOOTING STAR.

16/1957Z JAN RJEDDU


- page 7 -

LAWRENCE COLLEGE
APPLETON, WISCONSIN

Maj. William T. Coleman, Jr.
UFO Project Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information
Office of the Secretary
Dept. of the Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Dear Major Coleman:

I appreciate very much your sending me a list of your records on meteor sightings in Wisconsin, Minnesota, and Iowa for 1959-61.

You will note from the enclosed mimeographed report that I did considerable work on at least one of these sightings.

I shall perhaps take the liberty of bothering you again a year or so from now for any additional meteor reports that may have come your way.

Would it be a lot of trouble for you to give me the name and address of the person who reported the meteor from Booth Lake, Wisconsin, 6-10-59? I should like to get further information on this one if possible.

Very sincerely yours,

[Signature redacted]

Copy to Col. Macomber
Truax Field
Madison, Wis.

[Additional redacted text at bottom of page]


- page 8 -

26 September 1961

Dear Professor:

Thank you for yours of September 15th enclosing a copy of the Weinberg-Fort Arthur Fireball Report.

There are two gentlemen in Madison, Wisconsin who should be able to help you on the matter of the North Lake Meteor sighting. Those first names are (illegible), Madison 5, Wisconsin.

We are happy to assist you anyway we can. Feel free to call on us at any time.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
UFO Project Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Professor (name blacked out)
Professor (name blacked out)
Lawrence College
Appleton, Wisconsin


- page 9 -

The text on the page reads:

The [blacked out] Port Arthur Fireball of January 15, 1961

Lawrence College, Appleton, Wis.

April 8, 1961


- page 10 -

The text I can see in this image is:

1 (at the top of the page)

Locations on the map:
- Port Arthur
- Ft. William
- Pig Is.
- Isle Royale
- Ontonagon
- Minocqua
- Hauston

The image appears to be a black and white map of what looks like part of the upper Midwest region of the United States, specifically around Lake Superior and Wisconsin.


- page 11 -

On the evening of January 15, 1961, a large fireball was seen travelling northward from points between Kauston, Wisconsin, and Port Arthur, Ontario. This came to the writer's attention through a news-cast concerning the Wauston sightings presented by Green Bay Radio Station WBAY.

An immediate effort was made to secure accurate, detailed reports from the Wauston area. The Wauston County sheriff's office, Mauston Radio Station WMVJ, and a Mauston newspaper, the Juneau County Chronicle, rendered active assistance. Subsequently, Mr. Lawrence College student whose home is in Mauston, personally interviewed several of the witnesses.

Mrs. who lives on a farm near Camp Douglas,13 miles northwest of Mauston, reported the course of the Fireball as "straight down" to the north. This suggests that the bolide passed directly over Camp Douglas, although it did not become visible until it had travelled some distance beyond.

Mrs. saw the fireball from an automobile about half a mile southeast of Lake Delton--23 miles southeast of Mauston. To her, it appeared to be "as large, if not twice as large, as the moon". She checked her watch and noted that the time was exactly 6:10 P.M. (Central Standard Time).

Mr. was in the living room of his home at the Castle Rock Boy Scout Camp, about 13 miles northeast of Mauston. He described the fireball as "larger than the full moon" and resembling an airplane coming down in flames.

None of these observers heard any sound which they connected with the passage of the fireball.

About a week later, a letter was received from Mr. of Minoqua indicating that the same fireball had been seen in that area. The writer visited Minoqua on January 24th and collected a number of verbal reports. Additional written reports were received subsequently--thanks to the cooperation of Minoqua's newspaper, the Lakeland Times, and Rhinelander Radio Station WDBT.

and were in a car about 8 miles west of Minoqua. They reported the fireball as about half the size of the full moon and "shooting out sparks". It passed more or less directly overhead and was visible for at least five seconds. Twenty seconds after its disappearance they heard "rumbling or crackling" sounds.

an eleven-year-old boy, was walking toward the barn on his family's farm just west of Woodruff, a mile north of Minoqua. He saw the fireball passing a little west of overhead and was impressed by its brilliant illumination of the snow-covered ground.

Mrs. lives two miles west of Boulder Junction, about


- page 12 -

