PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
29 Sep 61

2. LOCATION
Watertown, Conn

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 3 PM
GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS

9. COURSE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
(Text appears partially illegible)

11. COMMENTS
Insufficient data. Cannot complete without additional info. Request for file not received. Lack of data.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

10 October 1961

Dear [redacted]:

Your letter of September 30 addressed to the Department of Defense has been referred to the Air Force.

It is not possible to tell you what the objects were which you saw while observing the Sun's corona. It is possible that a combination of factors were involved since we have no other corroborating reports. Perhaps you witnessed a phenomena referred to as Sun Dog's (see writings by Donald Menzel, Director of Harvard Observatory) further compounded by eye strain due to the intensity of the light (even though blocking direct Sun light).

I know that this is not too helpful, but with the information given this is about the best I can do toward helping you solve the mystery. Knowing that you are interested in astronomy, I would like to recommend that you read Saucers by Dr. Menzel.

It is filled with interesting cases and provides a great deal of information on astronomical phenomena.

Your interest is appreciated.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
UFO Project Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
[redacted] School
Watertown, Connecticut


- page 2 -

Tyft School (po. bo
Watertown, Conn.
September 30, 1961

Dear Sirs

On Friday, Sept 29 over Watertown Connecticut at about 3:00 o'clock, I sighted approximately 7 silver objects going at a extremely fast speed across the sky.

This may seem like a very neat statement but let me explain. My home and I watched this tight school in Watertown. I am fourteen years old. I was sitting on the soccer field under the goal post observing the sun (the top of the post was obscuring the sun) when I very small silver objects went darting across the sun corona. At first our watchness it a very fast speed, and a thought was seeing a rocket or a missile, but then, after 6 more passed by, also going at fantastic speeds, I concluded these were either U.F.O.s or United States military weapons.

I would appreciate if very much if you could respond to my letter informing me if anybody else made similar observations, or if the N.S.A.F. was responsible for that my sightings. Thank you very much.

Sincerely-


- page 3 -

