The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a Project 10073 record card filled out with details about a UFO sighting. 

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 1 AUG 53
2. LOCATION: Seattle, Washington
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visusl
5. PHOTOS: Yes
6. SOURCE: Private Citizen
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 Min.
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: 
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Caller observed a bright lichtng hovering over city. Picture was taken showing that object was not a balloon. Evaluation awaits film.
11. COMMENTS: Investigation was undertaken at the request of Mr. Gross, who submitted this case for other evaluation until complete.

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a typed letter on official letterhead, with no visual content besides the text.

Transcribing the text:

17 August 1961

Dear Mr. --

I have received a courtesy copy of your letter of August 7th addressed to the Editor of the Post-Intelligencer concerning photographs you made of an unidentified flying object.

It would be greatly appreciated if you could forward us a copy of the photographs along with any additional details regarding the sighting. We would be happy to return the material to you within several days if you forward it to us.

Thank you for your interest in this matter.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
UFO Project Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information
Seattle 2, Washington

- page 2 -

The image contains a document page from Project Blue Book, which appears to be a letter. There is no photograph present in this image. 

OCR output:

U F O

Dear Editor:

I am an enlistee serving in the U. S. Air Force. This letter is unsolicited but I feel impelled to write you in regard to the incidents I have witnessed concerning UFO's.

As an airman, I took some pictures of a UFO which I believe would be of interest to you. It is my understanding that your office has asked for just such evidence from servicemen. Unfortunately the negatives were confiscated by an officer who felt they should not be released to the public. I am disappointed that I am unable to forward the pictures to you.

while no pictures are available, I can assure you that the incident was real and that what I saw were not weather balloons or other conventional aircraft. The object was hovering and then accelerated at a tremendous rate of speed out of sight. I would be willing to discuss this further with you if you are interested.

Thank you.

1st Lt. Air Force/Pentagon
cc:n.i.c.

- page 3 -

