PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
30 Aug 61

2. LOCATION
Pleasant Garden, North Carolina

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Level 2030
GMT 3101302

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
S

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: No brighter than stars. Appeared in W. Disappeared in S or pulsating. Due W 20-25° elev to due S 25-30° elev. Believed to be satellite by 2 observers. Appeared to waver.

11. COMMENTS: Not confirmed with space track, however sighting has characteristics of satellite. Pulsating and wavering accounted for by atmospheric conditions.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other, Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown


- page 1 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)                WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Clear sky                        a. Dry
b. Hazy                             b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds (Hazy this)     c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds             d. Snow
                                     e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
31                  Aug                 1961        Dept of The Air Force
Day               Month               Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
(Son)
Pleasant Garden, NC

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
This was the first time, but on the night of 8/1 or 8/11 I and my son Dave looked a 13 
year old friend saw the same or a similar object apparently.

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? Since watching
the first sighting, I have been very skeptical about flying saucers. However, the unusual
illuminated object, or the last night of sighting, it was hard to dismiss. I was quite
in view, spotted it move in the low horizon in the
north a mile or so away. It was very bright and seemed to permit flying
was not a long time with it could see it move slowly, then stop, then move again.


- page 3 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
Note: seems to say "more a single flying jet and a slower"

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes (No)

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]

ADDRESS: PO Box [Redacted] Pleasant Garden NC

TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Blank]

Age: 64   Sex: Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent:
3 1/2 years of college, US Air Force Radar and Korean Technician and operator in World War II, at one time employed by RCA at Missile Test Center, Patrick Air Force Base, Cocoa, Fla.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 28 Sept 1961


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may report information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME [redacted]
SIGNATURE [redacted]
DATE Sept 28, 1961

[Handwritten text, partially legible]:
Most of the factual information was supplied in my letter of Aug. 31 and the questionnaire. However, I could now say something about the visible evidence of the object I noted my face in my hands with my elbow firm when my senses and watching closely the event (moving of the object and its ref. and drive start and stop) in mid-site) it appears was miraculously observed against a background of trees and using particular ones close to this object as a stationary point of comparison. When I was particularly still one could see its movement slightly off center from its position and seemed to move with a sudden burst of speed quite three or four times and sometimes just always I could see this slight triangular movement, but always I could trace this to, might movement of my eyes. However, I am satisfied of my doubt that...

[Text continues but becomes increasingly illegible towards the bottom of the page]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

this is not we in the movement of the
object of which I am reporting - but the
several points of its passage will here and
then figure and called its twilight movement,
as I have spoke - a portion of a second
before I have not well found - almost
what the object or objects may have then
and if your department could give an
opinion I would still appreciate your
informing me as to whether or not
a similar apparition has been reported.

Sincerely,

Pleasant Garden, the location of the
sighting is located on NC #22 about 5 miles
southly from Greensboro, N.C.

Page 10 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so short, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
30      Aug     1961
Day     Month    Year

2. Time of day: 2:45 P.M.
             Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
                           b. Central
                           c. Mountain
                           d. Pacific
                           e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
              b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
RD 1 Box 520     Pleasant Garden     North Carolina
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town     State or Country

Additional remarks:

5. How long was object in sight? 1/2     Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?    electric Clock
                                    (Circle One): a. Certain
                                                 b. Fairly certain
                                                 c. Not very sure
                                                 d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
              b. In back of you     e. Overhead
              c. To your right      f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? No

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes  (No)  Don't Know
Yes  (No)  Don't Know
Yes  (No)  Don't Know
Yes  (No)  Don't Know
Yes  (No)  Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses: Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses: Yes (No)
c. Windshield: Yes (No)
d. Window glass: Yes (No)

e. Binoculars: Yes No
f. Telescope: Yes (No)
g. Theodolite: Yes No
h. Other:


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: None
    b. Color: Color of S 2 x 5

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
               b. Like a bright star
               c. Sharply outlined
               d. Don't remember
    Other: Like a star but not bright

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Just one
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Page 3 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

13                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 4

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
Mars

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered?
all of it

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
yes
faded out

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Satellite


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other: Small Town

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was called out of the house by daddy

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? [blank]
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North [blank] degrees.
b. From horizon [blank] degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North [blank] degrees.
b. From horizon [blank] degrees.


- page 11 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TD-E/Major Friend

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting (Mr. [redacted])

TO: SAFOI-3c (Major Coleman)

1. Reference the attached letter to the USAF from Mr. [redacted] of Pleasant Garden, North Carolina, reporting the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

2. Suggest you forward two (2) ATIC Forms 164 to Mr. [redacted] to be completed independently by him and his son and returned to the USAF.

3. It is suggested that you also request Mr. [redacted] to list the geographical coordinates of his location at the time of the sighting. As an alternative, if Mr. [redacted] does not understand the coordinate system, request him to list direction and distance of Pleasant Garden from the nearest large city.

EDWARD H. WYNN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

1 Atch
Ltr fm Mr. [redacted] dtd 31 Aug
GL.

21 SEP 1961

[Signature and handwritten notes also present on the document]


- page 12 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 13 -

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day                 Month                 Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)   Yes    No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)   Yes    No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Partially obscured text]
Pleasant Garden
North Carolina

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)   Yes    No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Blank space]

Page 7 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 14 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

DATE: Sept. 26, 1961

When I was showing it, it seemed to be moving slower, then Echo satellite. The object appeared to be moving up and down as it moved Southwesterly. It also appeared to stop and start, and speed up. It faded out the same way Echo does.

On the following Sunday we saw it again
Lowell Melvin
Dave Melvin
Wayne Gibbon (a neighbor)

Wayne Gibbon
Pleasant Garden
North Carolina


- page 15 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS PO Box [redacted] Pleasant Garden N.C.

TELEPHONE NUMBER:

Age 14   Sex Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 28   Sept   1961


- page 16 -

Pleasant Garden, North Carolina
August 31, 1961

Dept. of the Air Force
Headquarters, United States Air Force
Division: Unidentified Flying Objects
Washington 25, District of Columbia

Gentlemen:

This may be a waste of time, nevertheless, I shall report what I have seen with the hopes that I may find a logical explanation.

Last evening, August 30, at a few minutes until nine o'clock P.M. I saw an orange light of about the intensity of the star Polaris, almost due west of here at an elevation of twenty degrees above the horizon. Since I was on the look out the passing of our satellite, Echo, I naturally observed whether or not I could detect any movement. There was, and I called my son who had left the room to check the time by the clock in my bedroom. Together we watched this light for a period of ten minutes or more follow a generally straight course, reading an elevation out about thirty-five degrees in the southwest and fading out about south thirty degrees above the horizon. Altogether it was in my view about twelve minutes by the clock. Its light was steady and its movements were interrupted by up and down gyrations, fast and slow forward progress, punctuated by stops or near stops. If I were a balloon it had been in the evening, I could pass it off as a balloon. It had been earlier in the evening, but at that time of night obviously 8:58 to 9:11, it would have to have been an extremely high flying balloon to capture the light of the sun. Its irregular movements rule out the possibility of its being a plane, besides no motor noise was heard and the light was steady and of and orange glow. Its fading out at an elevation of thirty degrees does indicate that it passed into the earth's shadow. It was not Echo for its course was approximately at right angles to Echo's, and Echo has no noticeable variations or movement.

Your explanation will be appreciated by me, and I hope that this report may serve in some way to clear up the "alleged" mysteries of unidentified objects in the skies.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature redacted]


- page 17 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

27 September 1961

Dear Mr.

This is in reference to your letter of August 31st concerning the UFO sighting you witnessed.

I am enclosing our standard questionnaire. It would be appreciated if you would complete it and forward in the enclosed envelope. Be sure to include information whereby we can pinpoint your exact location at the time you witnessed the sighting. For instance, if you do not know your latitude and longitude, provide us the direction and distance of Pleasant Garden nearest large city. I have enclosed a questionnaire for your son to complete also.

Your interest in this matter is appreciated.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
UFO Project Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr.
Pleasant Garden, North Carolina


- page 18 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Information supplied in letter of Aug 31
Day     Month     Year
20      Aug       61

2. Time of day: before 9:PM
Into. supplied in letter of Aug 31
(Circle One): A.M. or (P.M.)

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Pleasant Garden, N.C.
Nearest Postal Address     City or Town     State or Country

Additional remarks:

5. How long was object in sight?
Information supplied in letter of Aug 31
Hours     Minutes     Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
By electric clock in our home

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. Condition of the sky:
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright mostly & few stars
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
             b. In back of you      e. Overhead
             c. To your right        f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.


- page 19 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
[Handwritten: 26]

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
[Handwritten additional notes]

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other: [Handwritten: None]


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound - None
    b. Color - About that of the Planet Mars

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wing, protrusions, etc., and especially without your scale. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

    Only in the form of light

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
               b. Like a bright star
               c. Sharply outlined
               d. Don't remember
    e. Other - Like an average star

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Only one
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 21 -

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

B
(Appeared to start and stop at times, so usually after moving an arc a dozen increments)

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
About 1/2 size. About 1/2 moon.

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

Would just about cover the object

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, gradually faded out, almost like a cloud slowly going out of sight behind one of the northwest trees

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Similar to satellite, Echo 1, but not as bright yet


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other Sparsely developed Village

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Sitting on the west porch of my house watching
for the passage of satellite shots.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest     i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest     i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ____90____ degrees.
b. From horizon ____25-30____ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ____150____ degrees.
b. From horizon ____25-30____ degrees.


- page 23 -

