PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
11 Oct 61

2. LOCATION
Duluth, Minnesota

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
1940

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
✔ Ground-Visual
□ Air-Visual
□ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
✔ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3-4 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
3

9. COURSE
NE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Observed at terrif. speed. Assumed orbital by observer except 3 to 5 times faster than Echo. Covered about 110° arc in 3 min. 1st obj 15 times size of 2 trailing objs. 1st obj yellowish; other 2 red with apparent attachment to 1st obj.

11. COMMENTS
Observation appears to be 1 of refueling mission. Quick time sector of line soda (24,000-99,000). Speed, altitude, and duration of sighting conform to this analysis.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
✔ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

NATIONAL
AERONAUTICS
AND SPACE
ADMINISTRATION

NASA HEADQUARTERS
1520 H STREET, NORTHWEST
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.

IN REPLY REFER TO: AB

November 14, 1961

Commander of the Air Tactical
Intelligence Center
Department of the Air Force
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

Subject: Unidentified Flying Object reported by Mrs. [redacted] of Duluth, Minnesota

Enclosures: (1) Letter from Mrs. [redacted] dtd. October 17, 1961
            (2) Letter from NASA dtd. November 14, 1961

The enclosures are forwarded for your information and for whatever action may be deemed appropriate.

[Signature]
James A. Hoagman, Executive Secretary
Inventions and Contributions Board

Enclosures (2)
c/s

[Illegible markings at bottom of page]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

AB

November 14, 1961

[Redacted Address]
Duluth, Minnesota

Dear Mrs. Springer:

This is in response to your letter of October 17 in which you report observation of what appeared to be three companion satellites orbiting the earth at a high speed, which you estimate as from three to five times the speed of the Echo I balloon.

As you may know, a number of similar observations have been reported for which there is no particularly satisfying explanation. For example, the New York Herald Tribune reported on September 1, 1960 the photographing of a mysterious residual object sited over Chicago and various other areas. This was by a tracking camera of the Sperry Aviation Engineering Corporation in Beth Page, Long Island. This occurrence is reported because Mr. Robert L. Johnson, Director of the Allen Planetarium in Chicago, and his assistant reported seeing that object and estimated that it was travelling about three times the speed of Echo II.

The National Aeronautics and Space Administration has neither the assistance nor the facilities to investigate such occurrences. We have therefore forwarded your letter to the Department of the Air Force which has the primary responsibility for investigating this type of phenomenon. Your interest in reporting your observation is appreciated.

Very truly yours,

[Signature]
James A. Kooman, Executive Secretary
Investigations and Contributions Board


- page 3 -

The text in this document is largely handwritten and appears to be in cursive script. However, much of the text is difficult to read clearly due to the image quality and handwriting style. Some legible elements include:

At the bottom of the page:
1961 21 October
(partially legible)

There are also some stamped/typed elements:
- "HQDFC" (partially visible)
- "RECORD 302" (partially visible)

Most of the handwritten text is not clearly legible from this image. The document appears to be a handwritten report or letter, but the specific contents cannot be definitively transcribed due to the writing style and image resolution.


- page 4 -

Objects viewed in horizon
on October 11, 1961 at 7:40-7:49 P.M. C.S.T.
in Duluth, Minnesota.

This has been drawn
diagonally to get them on
the page. They first appeared
like spheres, and then they
were like this for 15-20 seconds.
After that they appeared like
spheres again.
Sphere A was 15-20 times larger
than B or C when they were almost
directly overhead. B & C were the same
size then.
D seemed to be ducks.
Sky was visible at
points marked x.

This approximates
the proportion of the B&C projectiles


- page 5 -

