PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
6 Oct 61

2. LOCATION
Sharon, Massachusetts

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1630 EDT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
GMT 062030Z

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
* five

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Objects standing still at five and rushing away, always in formation, moving W. Observed during daylight. Silver-white color. Weather conditions at time included fog mist or light rain; sighting for 1 min.

11. COMMENTS
Conditions present for atmospheric refraction of light in unknown course.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other: Light Reflection
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

1. When did you see the object?    October 6, 1961

2. Time of day:    430 PM

3. Time Zone:    Eastern

4. Where were you when you saw the object?    At [blacked out]

5. Estimate how long you saw the object.    One minute
5.1. Degree of certainty of answer:    Fairly Certain

6. What was the outline of the sky?    Dull daylight

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, was it:
or Day, near:    To your right

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT or DAWN, what did you notice about the STARS or MOON?    [No response]

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?    Yes

10. IF IT was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?    No

11. DID the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?    YES   NO DON'T KNOW
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away?    YES   NO DON'T KNOW
c. Break up, shift, or explode?    YES   NO DON'T KNOW
d. Give off smoke?    YES   NO DON'T KNOW
e. Change wings?    YES   NO DON'T KNOW
f. Change shape?    YES   NO DON'T KNOW
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?    YES   NO DON'T KNOW
    DECLINED

12. Did the object ever move behind something?    No

13. Did the object ever move in front of something?    No


- page 2 -

INFORMATION SHEET (continued)                Page 2

14. Did the object appear:  a. solid  b. transparent  c. other

15. Did you observe the objects through any of the following:
a. eyeglasses YES  NO         e. binoculars  YES  NO
b. sun glasses  YES  NO        f. telescope  YES  NO
c. windshield  YES  NO         g. theodolite  YES  NO
d. window glass  YES  NO        h. other _______________

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object
    a. Sound       None
    b. Color       Silverish white

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or
    objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the
    object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and
    especially exhaust or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside
    the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch showing a compass rose with cardinal directions (N, S, E, W) and a simple sketch of several oval/circular objects with an arrow indicating movement]

18. The edges of the object were:
    a. Fuzzy or blurred                d. Don't Remember
    b. Like a bright star               e. Other _______________
    c. Sharply outlined

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were
    there?  Five


- page 3 -

INFORMATION SHEET (continued)                Page 3

19. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.______feet

22. How large did the object appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand at about arm's length:
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime

d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Other

22.1 Indication of certainty
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. Howdid the objects disappear from view? Im a fraction of a second; I couldn't even notice their disappearance, it was so fast.


- page 4 -

INFORMATION SHEET (continued)                Page 4

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible
of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you
could construct the object that you saw. Of what type of
material would you make it? How large would it be, and what
shape would you make it? Describe in your own words a common
object which when placed up in the sky would give the same
appearance as the object which you saw. I don't think
there is a material yet known that it could be made of.
I couldn't say how large it would be. I would make
sort of saucer shaped. A saucer.

25. Where were you when you saw the objects? Outdoors
26. Were you: o. In the open countryside
27. What were you doing when you saw the object, and how did
you happen to notice it? At a soccer game. I looked at the sky.

28. If you were moving in an AUTOMOBILE AT THE TIME, then
complete the following questions: .........

29. What direction were you first looking when you saw the
object? South

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object
t? Southwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms, try to estimate
the number of degrees the object was from true North and


- page 5 -

INFORMATION SHEET(continued)                Page 5

31. upward from the horizon.
31.1 When it first appeared:
    a. From true North______degrees
    b. From the horizon     30 degrees

31.2 When it disappeared:
    a. From true North______degrees
    b. From the horizon     35 degrees

32. In the following sketch, place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was from the horizon when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it.

33. In the following sketch, place an "A" where the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" where you last saw it.

[The page includes two sketches: one with a curved line and another with a landscape and a stick figure, both with "A" and "B" markings.]


- page 6 -

INFORMATION SHEET(continued)                                Page 6

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS                                   34.2 WIND
      a. Clear sky                                   a. No wind
      b. Hazy                                        b. Slight breeze
      c. Scattered clouds                            c. Strong wind
      d. Thick clouds                                d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER                                  34.4 TEMPERATURE
      a. Dry                                         a. Cold
      b. Fog, mist, or light rain                    b. Cool
      c. Moderate or heavy rain                      c. Warm
      d. Snow                                        d. Hot

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen it?
36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? Yes
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? Yes
36.2 Please list their names and addresses: (SEE LAST PAGE)

37. Was this the first time you had seen an object like this? No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see the other ones? Once I saw the three red lights of an airplane. I just noticed a green light circle the plane twice in mid-air and in a couple of seconds it disappeared. I saw it for less than 10 seconds.


- page 7 -

INFORMATION SHEET (continued)                                Page 7

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and
what might have caused it? It possibly was a "flying
saucer". I very possibly could have been a space ship
from another planet. I don't know what else it could be.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 100 "ft"

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the
object was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS                     Sharon, Massachusetts
TELEPHONE NUMBER
What is your present job?    Student
Age    14    Sex    Male

Please indicate any special educational training you've had.
a. Grade school    √        e. Technical school
b. high school    √
c. college
d. Post graduate             f. Other training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire

October 10, 1961


- page 8 -

INFORMATION SHEET (continued)                Page 8

36.2 Names and addresses of witnesses:
[Most of the names and addresses are redacted/blacked out]
Sharon
Sharon
Sharon

******** Please send me a couple of these Information Sheets, so the next time I see a "UFO" I will not have to type it up myself.

Thank you.
[Signature is blacked out]


- page 9 -

