The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book, which was the official government program to investigate Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs) in the United States.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 7-21-63
2. LOCATION: Oakland, Calif.
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 1733
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: D - Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: At approximately 1733 hrs, on 21 July 1963, two observers reported sighting a lighted object in the sky. The object was described as a round, lighted object that appeared to make a sudden stop and a sudden start. The object was observed for approximately 1 minute.
11. COMMENTS: With respect to the sighting, there is insufficient information for evaluation. Case is classified Unidentified. Insufficient data for evaluation.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual evidence. It appears to be a typed report or document, possibly from Project Blue Book, describing an observation of a bright, silvery object overhead on a south to north course. The document provides details about the observed object's appearance and movement, but does not mention any photographic evidence.

COPY
7-27-61

At approximately 8:13 PM PDT, I observed a bright, silvery object overhead on a south to north course. It appeared to be flying about 300 mph at an altitude between 7-10,000 ft. As it passed overhead, it did not appear to have any wings. It was "I" shaped with the short leg of the "I" pointing straight up and moving in a direction so that the object's long axis was on the front of the craft.

Its apparent size was approximately that of an index finger nail on an extended arm. There was no sign of any exhaust gases or moisture trails and there was no noticeable sound.

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document describing an observed UFO sighting.

The text in the document reads:

COPY
July 27, 1961

Approx. 8:15 PM my husband and I observed an unusual object flying about the same size as the passenger planes who go over preparatory to landing at S.F. or Oakland but must have been much larger and at a proportionately higher altitude as it seemed to be.

The object was of an irregular shape but too far up for me to distinguish just what shape. It traveled from south to north above us. 
The most unusual feature was the lack of noise. It traveled from south to north above us.

- page 3 -

