PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
6 Sep 61

2. LOCATION
Val Paraiso, Indiana

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local   230 Cst

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual   ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual     ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes   ☐ No

6. SOURCE
[Text is illegible]

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
[Text is illegible]

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
[Text is illegible]

9. COURSE
[Text is illegible]

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Got telescope. Saw not locate. Obj. was round, stationary, appeared to be metallic, glistening well. Obj. above horizon well up. Tried with telescope but could not locate. Disappeared. Was later it was sighted, moving in sky, moving NE and vanished.

11. COMMENTS
[Text is partially illegible]
Obj not established. Let expecting x... probably was probably a balloon but could not be sure and was trying to locate. Case unresolved.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation


- page 1 -

Valparaiso, Indiana
Sept. 16, 1961

Major William T. Coleman Jr.
Public Information Division
Office of Information
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Sir:

I have written you two times previously for information on U.F.O.'s.
But until September 16, I never expected to see one.

At 8:30 P.M. we were in a back yard star gazing when we heard a sound
like an airplane, noting to see it in my telescope we scanned the sky, we heard
it get louder and then got fainter once more we scanned the sky. This time we
saw a stationary, blinking, red object about 35° above the horizon in the tele-
scope it appeared to be a white and round as had watched it for about 3
minutes when it disappeared. About 15 seconds later it reappeared about 10
lower in the sky. It began to move N.W. then vanished.

We immediately decided it was not an airplane because it was stationary
and moved 10 degrees in 15 seconds. You may think this is a hoax but - don't
care what you think - because it's true. Would you please analyze it even though
you may think it is a hoax and send me the result.

Cordially yours,

[Signature redacted]

Enclosures refers to a typed of mind... parents were at a ...ent
house and will sign this within a week... witnesses.

SEP 29 1961

[Stamp and other markings at bottom of page]


- page 2 -

