PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
7-15-56

2. LOCATION
Ocean City, New Jersey

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 2125

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual   ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual      ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
Military

6. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☐ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3-5 sec

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
NW

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Light green. Round light. About size of large star. Ran in arc. Disappeared suddenly by 15° elev in W. Disappeared suddenly.

11. COMMENTS
At a constant speed. Color of light in characteristic of multicolored lights blending together. Observed during a light. Characteristic of light of 4-5 miles in diameter. This report is therefore evaluated as probably high-flying a/c.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☒ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 53)


- page 1 -

37. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 4,000 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 9000 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER JF
What is your present job? US ARMY LT. COL.
Age 41 Sex M

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate

e. Technical school
f. Other special training COMMAND & STAFF COL. AFTER LONG WORTH

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [date fields left blank]


- page 2 -

Here is the text I can see in the image:

90°
Zenith

225
SW

270
W

315
NW

180
S

135
SE

90
E

45
NE

0
N

The image appears to be a diagram of a spherical coordinate system or celestial sphere, with latitude and longitude lines marked, and compass directions noted around the base of the sphere.


- page 3 -

HEADQUARTERS
1127TH USAF FIELD ACTIVITIES GROUP
FORT BELVOIR, VIRGINIA

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFCIN-1E-CO

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

TO: ESD (TO-AS)
Wright-Patterson AFB
Ohio

Attached UFO report forwarded for analysis per AFR 200-2.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
GEORGE ALEXANDER
Captain, USAF
Chief, Combat Operations

1 Atch
AFCG Form 164

11 JUL 1961


- page 4 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.

1. When did you see the object?
[Partially filled in, but text is not fully legible]

2. Time of day:
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Ocean City, N.J.
Nearest Postal Address     City or Town     State or Country

5. Estimate how long you saw this object:
Hours     Minutes     Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright light     d. Just a trace of daylight
b. Dull daylight     e. No trace of daylight
c. Bright daylight     f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAY, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
b. In back of you     e. Overhead
c. To your right     f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 50)


- page 5 -

8. IF you saw this object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One)   a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car?)
             b. Several blocks away?
             c. A block away?
             d. Several yards away?
             e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Seem to stop or hover?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something or anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One)   a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other        Yes   No


- page 6 -

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: ______

b. Color: Silver, light green + light green

17. Draw a picture that will show the shapes of this object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially without trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Handwritten notes below the drawing area]:
round slight
with thin slabs saw wings + width of object,
same color

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Other: ________
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Page 3 of the document]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Straight course, W to E, moving zenith.

21. If POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
Couple hundred feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

a. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
Disappeared suddenly, 45° angle, disappeared suddenly.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Dull to gray, just a slight, just a light.


- page 8 -

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
just getting into convertible

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South                 g. West
b. Northeast             d. Southeast            f. Southwest             h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South                 g. West
b. Northeast             d. Southeast            f. Southwest             h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South                 g. West
b. Northeast             d. Southeast            f. Southwest             h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.


- page 9 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

70° of arc

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

"B" was casting slug.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm 77
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
[Date fields left blank]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Partially obscured text]
Some address

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
a flying object - unknown type or origin
Positive not NK


- page 11 -

