PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
14 Aug 61

2. LOCATION
Cleveland, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1600
GMT 142100Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
XB Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
XB No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Many

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
2 to 3

9. COURSE
SE

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Balloon
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Traveled to SE in a straight line thru corona of sun, 1/2 to 1/3 brightness of Echo I and much brighter than brightest star.

11. COMMENTS DR.
Laboratory Tracking Station was contacted and he reported that objects observed in Cleveland area had been determined to be balloons. This report is therefore categorized as balloons.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OFF: TDC-4                                                                                15 August 1961

SUBJECT: Report of UFO Sighting

TO: TD-B (Maj Friend)

1. Mr. [redacted], writer of the Cleveland Plain Dealer called me at 1730 on 14 August 1961. Mr. [redacted] stated that the people of Cleveland were jamming the telephone lines to report the sightings of UFO's. Most of these reports occurred between 1600 to 1610 and several UFO's were involved.

2. Dr. [redacted], of the SCIIO Research Laboratory Tracking Station, came to have the most logical answer to these sightings. It was requested by Mr. [redacted] that we contact him for details of these sightings. Dr. [redacted] has the responsibility for tracking the various satellites, therefore, he is the most qualified person to speak for the Clevelanders.

3. The altitude of the UFO's had not been determined at the time of the telephone call, but Lt. [redacted] was setting up a triangulation system consisting of three scopes to compute the altitude. Mr. [redacted] thought these scopes are similar to the satellites.

4. At 1645 two B-47 or B-52 aircraft went through the area of sightings and they were estimated to be flying at approximately 25,000 feet, and they left a very definite contrail. These aircraft were north of Cleveland flying from East to West. One of the aircraft made a left bank heading South to pass over Cleveland between the sun and Cleveland. Perhaps these pilots could assist in the investigation.

5. Summary of facts stated by Mr. [redacted] are as follows:

   a. The UFO's traveled two to three times the velocity of Echo I. (This is relative speed without altitude computation.)

   b. They were visible within 50 of the sun. (Mr. [redacted] went to the roof of the Plain Dealer Building and saw the UFO's when he blocked out the sun by the corner of the building.)

   c. The UFO's traveled from Northwest to Southeast and in a straight line through the corona of the sun.

   d. The UFO's were 1/2 to 1/3 the brightness of Echo I and they were much brighter than the brightest star (Magnitude 1.)


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

e. The UFO's were observed on two different occasions by Mr. [redacted] and he verified the reports that, all UFO's disappeared about the same distance from the sun.

f. The size of the objects, the shape and if the surfaces were smooth or rough could not be determined.

6. Mr. [redacted] stated that his paper had to say something to the people so Dr. [redacted] made a preliminary analysis that the objects observed were possibly seed pods, and were possibly flying in the jet stream. The irregular and rough skin of seed pods are conducive to reflect the light of the sun. (Evidently Dr. [redacted] was evasive until he made further investigations as on until he talked to an Air Force representative.)

7. Mr. [redacted] asked if we would investigate this matter so he may clear it up with his paper. He strongly suggested that we contact Dr. [redacted] who was gathering the data to make the formal report, (when he knows where to make it.) Mr. [redacted] also requested that he be informed if we had received any previous reports of these sightings.

His office hours are from 11 A.M. to 8 P.M. and his telephone number is Cleveland exchange extension 518. Dr. [redacted] office number is [redacted].

Signed at bottom:
Roscoe G. Hayes
JIO
TL-4

Page number "2" is also visible at the bottom of the page.


- page 3 -

