The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a form filled out with details about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 13 Jun 61
2. LOCATION Bloomingt on, Illinois
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
4. PHOTOS 0 Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 15-20 min
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING Party saw star-like object moving in a zigzag motion, leaving sometimes a short trail of light. Object appeared to be about the size of a basketball. Proceeded in a straight line at first, then began to zigzag and disappeared from sight. No sound was heard.
11. COMMENTS During investigation, was advised that the object was probably very likely Venus. However, witness felt that it was not Venus as the motion and appearance was completely different from the planet. As insufficient data, and no evidence to conclusively identify the object, case is filed as an UNIDENTIFIED object.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an official report regarding a UFO sighting.

HEADQUARTERS
CHANUTE TECHNICAL TRAINING CENTER (ATC)
RANTOUL, ILLINOIS 61866
23 JUN 1961
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting
TO: ATIC 
Wright-Patterson AFB
Ohio

The attached report of UFO sighting is forwarded for your examination. Further investigation is considered unnecessary.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JAMES E. MORRISON 
Major, Operations Services Division
1 Atch
UFO Report

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document detailing a sighting report from Bloomington, Illinois on June 10, 1961.

Bloomington, Illinois
June 10, 1961

Concerning Unidentified Flying Object
Subject: Sighting At Danvers, Illinois 
Reported By: George C. Poehls
Danvers, Illinois

This is a report of a sighting of an unidentified flying object.
On June 13, 1961, at approximately 10:00 PM, I was driving my car southbound on Route 136, about 3 miles east of Danvers, Illinois, Mclean County. The object was first observed by me about 10:15 PM. It was almost directly overhead and appeared to be almost stationary or very slowly moving. It was a bright light, much brighter than any star, and was estimated to be about 30 to 40 degrees above the horizon. It was round or oval in shape.
In its first quarter, the object was almost directly overhead and appeared to be almost stationary or very slowly moving. After several minutes, it began to move slowly towards the southeast. After moving for a short distance, it suddenly increased in speed and disappeared from sight in approximately 10 to 15 seconds. 
The duration of the sighting was estimated to be from 10 to 15 minutes.
Cloud cover was estimated to be less than 10% and the visibility was excellent.
Respectfully yours,
[Redacted]

- page 3 -

