PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 5 May 61

2. LOCATION: Lanett, Alabama

3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1221 EST
Local: 1221 EST
GMT: 25/12/2

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual (checked)
SOURCE: Civilian

5. PHOTOS: No

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 4 min

7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1

8. COURSE: NE

9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Obj like Echo only 4 times as fast as viewed from 45-50° elev in SW. No noise, on vapor trail. Orange with edges, round or disk shaped. Size of Venus.

10. COMMENTS: If first view of Echo by witness was made when Satellite was toward horizon, appearance over-head would lead observer to believe that speed was much greater. No evidence to date that this was not Space Track to confirm this as a positive sighting of Echo I.

11. CONCLUSIONS:
- Was Balloon: Probably
- Was Aircraft: Probably
- Was Astronomical: Probably
- Other: Echo I


- page 1 -

ATCH-4824

UFO Sightings

SAFO1-24 (L/Col Baker)

1. Attached are copies of letters which were forwarded to ATIC by the CA and the USAF regarding the sighting of unidentified flying objects. The information contained in these letters is not sufficient for a conclusion to be reached by ATIC. Therefore, request ATIC Form 164 be sent to the witnesses for their complete and forwarding directly to this Center, Attn: ATIC-4824.

2. Addresses of the witnesses are as follows:
Mr. [redacted]
Lanett, Alabama

Mr. [redacted]
Williamsburg, Virginia

3. If the above witnesses know of any other witnesses to the sightings, request this information be included in their reports.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

2 Atch
1. Msg cy ltr 5 Mar 61 fr
    to CA
2. Msg cy ltr 8 Aug 61 fr
    to MAA


- page 2 -

4 April 1961

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Your letter of March 5th addressed to the Civil Aeronautics Administration has been referred to this office.

The Air Force is assigned the responsibility for the air defense of the United States with the further responsibility of investigating all reports of unusual aerial objects over the U.S., including those any become identified as flying objects.

The study and analysis of reported sightings of UFOs is conducted by a selected scientific group under the supervision of the Air Force. The selected scientists involved in these analyses are completely objective and apply scientific methods of examination to all cases in reaching their conclusions.

The information supplied in your letter is not sufficient for a conclusive UFO sighting. Enclosed you will find ATIC form #164. We request that you complete this form and forward it directly to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, marked for the attention of: ATCIC-1422, 16 page, of other witnesses to this sighting. We request this information be included in your report.

Your interest in this matter is appreciated.

Very truly yours,

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Atch
ATIC form #164

Mr. [redacted]
Lanett, Alabama


- page 3 -

Civil Aeronautics Administration,
Department of Commerce,
Washington, D.C.

Sirs:

I was sitting in a swing in my backyard in Lanett, Alabama, on Sunday, March 5, 1961, facing the north, at approximately 12:21 P.M., B.S.T., I looked up at an angle of about 45 degrees, in time to see a very fast moving "thing" traveling at high altitude on a course of SW to NE. There was no noise and no vapor trail. The "thing" appeared to be colored largely orange with some silver near the edges, and was round or disk shaped. I called to my wife and my year old son. The boy came in time to catch a glimpse of the "thing." My wife was a little to late to have its pointed out to her before it went out of sight in the north-eastern sky. It also appeared to be about the same size to my eyes.

The plane nearest Lanett appeared to be, as far as I could estimate, about 4 times as large as this "thing" traveling about 4 times the speed of Bono I. I could not judge the altitude, but the lack of noise and vapor trail indicated very high. Atlanta, the general direction in which it traveled, is about 80 air miles from Lanett. I estimate the thing could have reached the Atlanta area in less than four minutes from the time I saw it, or at about 12:25 P.M., E.S.T., Sunday, March 5, 1961. My little boy said he had heard the thunder sound of a jet a little before I called to him, but it seems unlikely the only I saw was a jet-plane. If it was a jet, it was absolutely the fastest moving I have seen.

I identify myself as private pilot, airman certificate, former member of LaGrange, Georgia, Civil Air Patrol, residing at, Lanett, Alabama.

Yours truly,
[Signature redacted]


- page 4 -

