Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
1 Sep 61

2. LOCATION
Sandusky, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
1920
Local    020020Z
GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒Ground-Visual ☐Ground-Radar
☐Air-Visual ☐Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☒Yes ☐No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2-5 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
WSW

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Observation of ascending object going WSW. Started to burn and burned in 2-5 min. At twilight. Original object appeared as light. About as bright as Venus, red and white, blinking, with trail or red orange smoke.

See: Film 7-3745-457

(Film in Physical Section File)

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Film does not have enough detail to allow an analysis. There are many possible objs, which could result in image shown, i.e. meteor. There is no evidence which would indicate that this obj was an interplanetary space vehicle or constituted in any way a threat to our national security.


- page 1 -

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near on airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Blank lines for response]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? 65 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes [No] ONLY @ TRAIL

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest     i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest     i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 270° degrees.
b. From horizon 15-20° degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 270° degrees.
b. From horizon 15° degrees.

Page 5 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 2 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]

ADDRESS LANE    WEBSTER    N.Y.
            Street         City        Zone   State

TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]

Age            Sex

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
    Day     Month     Year


- page 3 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6


- page 4 -

AERONAUTICAL SYSTEMS DIVISION
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

PHYSICS LABORATORY

EVALUATION REPORT
Operation Midwing

REPORT NO: ASRCP 68-4                    DATE: 7 February 1962
PROJECT NO: 5771
MANUFACTURER:                             SPEC NO:
SUBMITTED BY: ASTIA                       ITEM SERIAL NO:
             Capt. Gearhart

I.   PURPOSE
     To determine the composition of the sample submitted for analysis
     and its origin if possible.

II.  FACTUAL DATA
     1. The sample submitted for analysis was assigned Materials Physics
        serial number 9237.

     2. Microscopic examination showed the presence of finely divided
        metal-like particles.

     3. Analysis of different portions of the sample by emission spectroscopic
        methods showed the presence of the following elements:
        a. Principal       aluminum
        b. Minors          magnesium, calcium, silicon
        c. Traces          manganese, lead, copper, and titanium

     4. Analysis by X-ray methods showed the material has a bayerite crystalline structure.

     5. Analysis by mass spectrometric methods using a double focus Mattauch-
        Herzog mass spectrometer showed that the metal-like particles were
        high purity aluminum.

     6. Analysis of different portions of the sample by infrared spectro-
        photometric methods showed that the organic material was composed
        of polyisobutyl methacrylate.

THIS REPORT IS NOT TO BE USED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR ADVERTISING OR SALES PROMOTION PURPOSES

ASD FORM 64     JUN 61     REPLACES WADD FORM 64 WHICH IS OBSOLETE.


- page 5 -

ARTIFACT# 341-15-479
Located in ARTIFACT ROOM


- page 6 -

7. Analysis of different portions of the sample by chemical methods
did not show the presence of nitrates or perchlorates in the sample.

8. Chemical analysis of two samples, a mineral-like material and an
organic material found in the vicinity showed them to be:
a. Slag. This material is commonly found around iron foundries.
b. Polyethylene.

III. CONCLUSIONS
1. The sample is non-homogeneous.

2. Chemical analysis of the sample submitted showed it to be man made
because:
a. Finely divided, high purity aluminum does not occur in nature.
b. Polyisobutyl methacrylate is a commercially available chemical
compound.

3. The sample is not a sour batch of resin based paint because paint
manufacturers:
a. Add components to restore the desired formulation of a particular
resin paint, or
b. Sell the one batch of paint at cost as a "closing out of stock"
sale.

4. The Al2O3•3H2O bayerite structure, formed in place. Bayerite does
not occur in nature but results from the reaction of water with
finely divided aluminum of high purity at low temperature, about
40°C. ("Aluminum Properties," ALCOA Research Lab. 1960 AD No. 250599.)

5. Analysis of different organic portions showed the presence of
polyisocyanate methacrylate throughout.

6. The possible origin cannot be determined from these chemical data.

IV. RECOMMENDATIONS
None, data merely submitted.

PREPARED BY:
[Signature]
W. J. GARBO JR.   ASOFA


- page 7 -

PUBLICATION REVIEW

This report has been reviewed and approved.

DISTRIBUTION:
ASXIN (Capt. Gearhart)
ASXRO (Capt. Sagan)
FTD-E (Maj. Fried)
ASGRD
ASCPA (5 cys)
ASGC Library

S. F. BROKESHOUDER, Capt, USAF
Asst Chief, Analytical Branch
Physics Laboratory
Dir. of Materials & Processes

3


- page 8 -

NOTICES

When Government drawings, specifications, or other data are used for any purpose other than in connection with a definitely related Government procurement operation, the United States Government thereby incurs no responsibility nor any obligation whatsoever; and the fact that the Government may have formulated, furnished, or in any way supplied the said drawings, specifications, or other data is not to be regarded by implication or otherwise as in any manner licensing the holder or any other person or corporation, or conveying any rights or permission to manufacture, use, or sell any patented invention that may in any way be related thereto.

Copies of WADD Technical Reports and Technical Notes and Materials Central Evaluation Reports should not be returned to the Wright Air Development Division unless return is required by security considerations, contractual obligations or notice on a specific document.


- page 9 -

There is no legible text in this image. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of what looks like a large, textured rock or geological formation with an irregular, bumpy surface. There is a smaller rock or fragment in the bottom right corner of the image. Two vertical lines are visible on the left side of the page, which appear to be part of the document or scanning process.


- page 10 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Amorville J.L.
5.61
7k 103, 6017-1

[UNCLASSIFIED] stamp with a signature/initial marking

There is a black redaction/censored section in the middle of the document.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

FIM
Sept. 1, 1961
SANDUSKY, OHIO
Observer: [redacted]
FILE #100359
IN CUSTODY OF AUDIO-VISUAL DIVISION
1975


- page 12 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of two oval or kidney-shaped objects with a textured surface, positioned against a dark background. The objects look like they might be stones, geological samples, or some other physical specimens, photographed in close-up with high contrast.


- page 13 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph with a textured, layered appearance resembling geological strata or a landscape with varying shades of black, white, and gray. The image looks somewhat abstract and has a grainy, high-contrast quality typical of older photographic prints.


- page 14 -

The image appears to be a low-quality, grainy black and white photograph with significant texture and noise. The details are difficult to discern due to the poor image quality. No legible text is visible in this image.


- page 15 -

There is no readable text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a geological or terrain surface with a measuring ruler/scale placed across part of the image, showing measurements from 1 to 3 inches. The image looks like a close-up of a textured surface with varying light and dark areas, possibly a rock formation or ground surface.


- page 16 -

There is no legible text in this image. The photograph appears to show a close-up of a textured surface, possibly soil or rock, with a measuring ruler or scale on the right side of the image. The image is in black and white and seems to be documenting some kind of geological or scientific observation.


- page 17 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of what seems to be a rock or geological formation with a ruler placed alongside it for scale. The object has a textured, irregular surface with multiple cavities or holes. The photograph is high contrast and grainy, typical of older documentary or scientific photography. The ruler on the right side of the image suggests this is likely a scientific or investigative documentation of the object.


- page 18 -

CONNORSVILLE, INDIANA

Sep 61

Case includes seven (7)
8'x10" photos and
one (1) physical specimen (see
separate folder)


- page 19 -

Webster, N. Y.
home telephone

engineer at Stanley Carlon, Rochester, N.Y.
telephone

sighted object on Ohio Turnpike
near Sandusky
Right after sunset - about 7:20 EST
object going W to S W, upward
elevation) Started descending in SW
and started to burn. Burned
from 2-5 minutes
me stopped and took
some 35 mm color slide.
Call from: Capt R. B. Orr
Special Assistant for Ballistic
Missiles
Rochester APB, N. Y.
telephone
End


- page 20 -

Sandusky, Ohio
1 Sep 61
Case includes 35 mm film


- page 21 -

Webster, N.Y.
September 20, 1961

Foreign Technology Division
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
Attn: TDE Major Friel

Dear Sir:

Enclosed is the 35 mm film showing the object sighted on September 1, 1961 near Sandusky, Ohio. The exposures are poor so I will try to locate the object in the different frames of the sketches below.

[The rest of the text in the lower part of the document is partially illegible or cut off]

In the top right corner, there is a document tracking/return label with some partially visible text and numbers, including "K-1-5 Sep PRG1" and "1-15-60-12-1".


- page 22 -

I was using an Argus C3 camera.

The only lens and shutter setting I remember is for frame #5 which was f/3.5 at 1/10 sec.

If I can furnish any other information I will be happy to do so.

Very sincerely,

[Name redacted with a black bar]


- page 23 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give us will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day: SEPT
Month: 61
Year

2. Time of day: 1920 - 1925
Hour                Minutes
(Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One)
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One) a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: SANDUSKY
City or Town: SANDUSKY        State or Country: OHIO

5. How long was object in sight?
2 Minutes
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright            a. Bright
b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164
FEB 60 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.


- page 24 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, when did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
    a. None
    b. A few
    c. Many
    d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. Bright moonlight
    b. Dull moonlight
    c. No moonlight — pitch dark
    d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
    (Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
    AS BRIGHT AS VENUS —

11. Did the object:
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
    c. Break up into parts or explode?
    d. Give off smoke?
    e. Change brightness?
    f. Change shape?
    g. Flash or flicker?
    h. Disappear and reappear?

    (Circle One for each question)
    Yes   No   Don't Know
    Yes   No   Don't Know
    Yes   No   Don't Know
    Yes   No   Don't Know
    Yes   No   Don't Know
    Yes   No   Don't Know
    Yes   No   Don't Know
    Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what:
    [No response]

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what:
    [No response]

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
    b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
    c. Windshield   Yes   No
    d. Window glass  Yes   No

    e. Binoculars   Yes   No
    f. Telescope    Yes   No
    g. Theodolite   Yes   No
    h. Other        [Blank]


- page 25 -

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound NO -
b. Color BLINKING LIGHT - (RED-WHITE) TRAIL - RED-ORANGE

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with angles and measurements is shown]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
             b. Like a bright star
             c. Sharply outlined
             d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

[The bottom section of the page is blank]

Page 3 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 26 -

