PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
30 Apr 61

2. LOCATION
Watchung, New Jersey

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
1845

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
XX Ground-Visual

Local 30/2345Z
GMT

5. PHOTOS
D Yes
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Silver colored object, looked like a pie- 
plate as a rear of distance. Object disappeared and reappeared. Seemed to be blinking.

11. COMMENTS
Description indicates that the object 
was probably a weather balloon. The 
duration of the sighting is rather short. 
Balloon was released about 1:00 hours 
by the weather bureau and was from the 
west.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation

9. COURSE
Var.


- page 1 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day ________ Month ________ Year ________
Partly illegible text: "A T I C, Baylor"

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted/blacked out text]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Partially illegible text on this line]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Blank response area]


- page 3 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER
Age           Sex

Indicate any additional information, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day     Month     Year

Page 8


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use
the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-
peat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments,
statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observa-
tion in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached
if they are needed.

NAME:                                                                                   (Do Not Write in This Space)
                    (Please Print)                                                      CODE:

SIGNATURE:

DATE:

The rest of the page appears to contain faint, illegible handwritten text.


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

186
SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for March 25, 1961
ASTRONOMY

Lion Shines High in South

Leo, the lion, roams the southern sky in April. Gemini, the twins, watch Orion hunting with his dogs, Canis Major and Canis Minor, in the west, James Stokley reports.

> SHINING HIGH in the south on April evening is the constellation of Leo, the lion, its position as shown on the accompanying map. These show the appearance of the heavens about 10 p.m., your own kind of standard time, at the beginning of April, and continuing with little change for several hours earlier as April comes to a close.

The brightest star in Leo is Regulus, which is part of a sub-group called the sickle. The blade of this implement, which looks like a farm tool, forms the head of the lion, as pictured on the star maps. These showed the constellation figures around the stars. Denebola, a second-magnitude star of the left, or west side.

Next to Leo, lower and toward the left, you will see Virgo, the virgin. In it stands the star Spica, which is first magnitude, like Regulus. In the east, and a little higher, is another of this brilliance: Arcturus, in Bootes, the herdsman. (Part of this constellation is shown on the map of the northern sky.)

Mars is Only Evening Planet

Leo, toward the west and just right of the only planet visible these April evenings, Mars, which continues to shine.

Since last December, when it came within 56,000,000 miles of earth, it has been drawing away from us, and now its distance is about 93,000,000 miles. Although it still ranks as first magnitude, Mars is slightly brighter than the star Pollux, just above. By the end of April, however, it will become fainter and by summer will have faded to the second magnitude.

Lower than the Gemini, in the western sky, are some of the constellations that show so brilliantly high in the south on mid-winter evening. There is Canis Major, the big dog, with Sirius, its brightest star; in the horizon, the big dog, Canis Minor, with Procyon. To the right of this group is Orion, the warrior, partly below the horizon. However, the bright star Betelgeuse, in Orion's shoulder, is still in sight, right (drawn on the map of the northern sky) is Taurus, the bull, with Aldebaran, shown fainter than its customary first magnitude, because it is so low.

The familiar "Big Dipper," which is part of Ursa Major, the great bear, shines high in the western sky, and the pointers, as always, point toward Polaris, the pole star, in the north.

"Little Dipper" and also in Ursa Minor, the lesser bear. Winding its sinuous length between the two dippers is the fainter constellation of Draco, the dragon.

In recent months the planet Venus will soon be moving into the western evening sky. On April 10, it comes between earth and sun, and will not be visible. After that it will move across the sky ahead of the sun, rising before sunrise. In another month it will be visible in the east at dawn, just as prominent as it has been recently in the west at twilight. Jupiter is also a morning star, shining in the southeast for a few hours before the sun appears. Saturn, continuing its circuit, is near the sun.

The last time that Venus came between earth and sun, reaching the position called "inferior conjunction," was on Sept. 1, 1959. By last April it had completed a full circuit around the sun and was in another direction from the sun. By last November Venus had made one more such circuit but still had not caught up to earth again, as it will on April 10.

When Venus is on the far side of the sun, at the position called "superior conjunction," its distance from the earth is about 160,000,000 miles. At inferior conjunction the distance between the sun and ours. But at inferior conjunction Venus will be much closer to us, about 26,000,000 miles away (67,000,000 subtracted from 93,000,000). No other planet comes so close to earth as Venus does, but since it is in line with the sun it cannot be observed at this close approach.

Probe Sent at Best Time

It is, of course, because of its present proximity that the Russian space scientists chose this spring to fire their Venus probe, which is now speeding toward that planet.

Many people are wondering whether the space vehicle will actually hit Venus, as the moon is less than a quarter of a million miles away, and it is far more difficult to hit Venus at 26,000,000 miles. It would take highly accurate guidance to get the probe there. If it misses the planet by just a little, it will be pulled by the Venus gravity.

In other words, it will become a satellite of Venus. With a miss at a greater distance, its path will be affected, but it will go on, to become an artificial planet. Like Mechta and Pioneer V, continually encircling the sun.

The probe is evidently equipped with instruments to study the planet from a distance, but details are not given in this article.


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for March 25, 1961

FIELDS

MEDICINE
Deaths From Abortion 
Remain High in Britain

► DEATHS FROM ABORTION still 
rank third in causes of death 
from maternal causes in England and Wales 
despite a striking reduction in recent years, 
according to a report in the British Medical 
Journal. Many lives, 
but deaths as a plasma substitute is being 
discarded because of its negative effect on 
blood coagulation. Dr. Wilfred S. E. 
Perera of Walton Hospital, Liverpool, Eng-
land, reports after studying the treatment 
of 20 patients over a period of nearly 
two years. Only one died, and he said that 
it could have been prevented if plasma and 
not dextran had been used.

Death occurred from uncontrollable 
bleeding following an abortion complica-
tion, Dr. Perera said. He has now stopped 
using dextran altogether as a plasma sub-
stitute.

"Mortality figures for abortion in gen-
eral leave no place for complacency," Dr. 
Perera stated.

MEDICINE
Gastrointestinal Allergy 
May Mimic Appendicitis

► A BABY'S COLIC or an adult's stomach 
ache may be due to allergy.

Dr. Oral R. Withers, University of 
Kansas Medical Center, Kansas City, Mo., 
told the American College of Allergists 
meeting in New York that gastrointestinal 
symptoms may take gastrointestinal symptoms 
simulating gall bladder, ulcer, appendicitis 
or almost any organic disorder.

Inflammation and antithesis as well as foods 
may be at fault, Dr. Withers said, but 
careful diagnosis is required.

From the lips to the end of the di-
gestive tract, gastrointestinal allergies 
can show themselves, Dr. Withers said.

A child eating a strange or a warm 
wearing a certain type of lipstick may have 
a swelling of the lips, or angioedema-like 
diarrhea or other abdominal pain, nausea, 
diarrhea or heartburn cause distress in 
many patients.

What happens is that in stomach or in 
testinal allergy, the mucous membrane 
linings contract, the allergist explained. 
He examines such patients with X-ray or 
fluoroscope and also with an esophagoscope 
or gastroscope.

In examining instruments you can look 
directly into the stomach and see what 
the trouble is," he said.

Shellfish, milk, pork and ripe bananas 
are among the food allergies Dr. Withers 
said cause such symptoms.

"A 36-year-old woman patient who really 
had gallstones was operated upon," he 
said, "and later when I was treating her 
for hay fever, we discovered that eating 
pork had caused recurrence of the pain in 
the region where the gallbladder had been 
removed."

PHYSICS
Underground Nuclear 
Test Study Planned

► THE ATOMIC Energy Commission is 
considering a program of studies on the 
earth shock effects of possible underground 
nuclear detonations.

The program would be particularly useful 
in determining the risks involved in the 
proposed Plowshare Program of atomic 
detonations for peaceful uses. No nuclear 
weapons would be used in the study. The 
AEC was a point of contact for Plowshare, 
apart from military applications, the 
MEC has pointed out that the ability to 
achieve controlled underground explosions 
could have valuable research uses in the 
building of dams, canals and other civil 
major construction. However, the danger of 
underground nuclear explosions is obvious, 
and the very earth itself has kept the Plow-
share program in the idea and thought stage 
only.

The proposed studies also would have 
an important bearing on the AEC's atomic 
improvement program, aimed at increasing basic knowledge of seismology and developing instruments and techniques to improve monitoring of a control system for 
a nuclear test ban treaty.

To date only five underground nuclear 
explosions have been made for scientific 
purposes, with none in the Nevada Test 
Site. In the study program being contemplated, existing knowledge of earth shocks 
phenomena associated with such events 
would be analyzed for use in considering 
the possible effects of detonations in other 
geographical regions.

MATHEMATICS
Better College Math 
Training Urged

► COLLEGE MATHEMATICS training 
must be updated to keep pace with the 
"explosion" of knowledge in engineering 
and applied science, according to a 
group of 50 leading mathematicians and 
engineers meeting in Washington, D. C.

New approaches of mathematics in engineering are creating various trends already 
noted in industry and research, with emphasis on basic science, installation of 
large complex engineering systems and 
wider duties of research engineers demand 
a stronger mathematics background, Dr. 
Pollak said.

Extensive changes must be made in the 
training of college mathematics, Dr. 
Pollak said.

More mathematics should be required and 
elementary courses made more "sophisticated" to meet the demand.

The changing use of engineering mathematics requires a new approach, the scientist stated. Already, the electronic computer is affecting every phase of science and technology, from basic research to the production line.

METEOROLOGY
Extensive Study of 
What Causes Tornadoes

► THE U. S. Weather Bureau will in the 
next few months undertake the largest 
scientific investigation of the causes of 
tornadoes and other severe local storms.

The program will be a cooperative effort 
of various scientific groups to gather more 
information about the atmosphere when 
devastating storms break loose.

Secretary of Commerce Luther H. 
Hodges said the project will be carried out 
by the National Severe Storms Laboratory, 
Weather Bureau "flying laboratories" at 
the National Airport, Washington, D. C.

The two planes, which will be used extensively in the research project, are en route 
to Oklahoma City, the project's home base.

The planes will again this year be flown 
by the same crews who have gathered valuable information on the little known 
turbulent areas. Similar methods have 
been used to track and study hurricanes.

The 1961 research program begins March 
15 and will end June 1. This is the time 
of year when tornado tornadoes and other 
severe local storms are at a peak.

Cooperating agencies include the Federal 
Aviation Agency, the U. S. Navy and Air 
Force, and various universities.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

by Donald H. Menzel—Harvard Univ. Press, 
115 p., illus., $1. Based on unpublished items.

GUIDANCE FOR THE AERONAUTICALLY TALENTED
STUDENT—Elizabeth M. Drew, Ed.—N.E.A., 143 
p., paper, $1. Conference report discussing iden-
tification, guidance and counseling of gifted 
students.

THE INDIVIDUAL AND THE UNIVERSE—A. C. B. 
Lovell—New Atl., 126 p., photographs, 
paper, $6. Nontechnical survey of modern 
astronomy.

THE INTEGRATIVE ACTION OF THE NERVOUS 
SYSTEM—Sir Charles Sherrington—Yale Univ. 
Press, 413 p., illus., paper, $3.95. Reprint, first 
published in 1906.

LIVING UNITS OF THE WORLD—Earl S. Herald 
—Macmillan, 256 p., photographs, $4.75. Em-
phasis in this beautiful book is on the human 
body's basic knowledge, scientifically classi-
fied and fully described with 
the latest information available.

NUCLEAR AGE FOR THE LAYMAN, Part 1, Funda-
mentals—Frank L. Briangola—U.S. AEC (Of-
fice), 67 p., illus., paper, $0.35.

THE LONELY LAND—Stuart F. Olson—Key's, 
271 p., illus., $4.50. Exploring the wilderness 
of Canada.

MONEY CONVERTERS AND TIPPING GUIDE FOR 
EUROPEAN TRAVEL—Charles Vanda—Dun-
phy rev. ed., 128 p., paper, $0.50. Includes 
exchange, cable and postal rates, showing sizes 
and weather information for both western and 
eastern Europe.

THE NATIONAL CONFERENCE ON WATER POL-
LUTION—Proceedings—Public Health Ser-
vice (PHS), 637 p., paper, $2.25. Conference 
papers and discussions.

ORGANIC CHEMISTRY—Koch, M. Seymour—
Prentice-Hall, 512 p., $6.75. Textbook for the 
first semester of organic chemistry written for 
a one-semester course.

OUTLOOK ON THE MOON: Sup


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

struments to gather data about Venus, for
example, the magnetic field, and the radia-
tion of heat from the planet. Even at a
distance of a few hundred thousand miles,
far more accurate results could be obtained
than can be determined from earth. The
back-up radio instruments will be one of
the most important scientific tasks of the
sun's present observations of Venus visually
at the time of inferior conjunction, so also
might there be some interference with radio
transmission.

The sun itself sends out radio waves, and
with the probe in the same direction as the
sun, they might interfere with the trans-
missions giving data about Venus. Perhaps,
however, the probe will be able to store
the data, and transmit the information later.
Then radio telescopes could be more easily
pointed to the probe, and could pick up its
message more easily. Or if, as originally
announced by the Russians, the probe
reached Venus in May, which would be
about a month after the closest approach,
the added distance would not be serious,
and again there would be less interference.

In any event, the April astronomers all
over the world are awaiting with interest
what news of Venus the Soviet probe may
tell.

Celestial Time Table for April

April   LST
1       12:15 a.m.   Full moon
5       5:16 a.m.    Moon in last quarter
9       8:00 a.m.    Moon passes Saturn
10      9:00 a.m.    Moon passes Jupiter
         (i.e., between sun and earth)
11      3:00 a.m.    Moon nearest distance
         (i.e., between sun and earth)
15      12:15 a.m.   New moon
17      8:00 p.m.    Mercury passes Venus
21      Midnight     Moon passes Mars
22      4:30 p.m.    Moon at first quarter
23      3:00 a.m.    Moon farthest, distance 251,000
         miles
30      5:00 a.m.    Neptune (planet not visible to
         the naked eye) nearest earth,
         distance 2,724,000 miles

Subtract one hour for CST, two hours for
MST, and three hours for PST.
* Science News Letter, 79188 March 25, 1961


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

SOUTH AFRICA
The saucer at Richard's Bay

[The rest of the text is partially illegible due to the image quality. The document appears to be dated 13 APR 61 and is about an incident at Richard's Bay in South Africa, but the full details cannot be clearly read.]

The top of the page has some handwritten notes that are also difficult to read completely.


- page 10 -

April 20-21, Ontario & Saskatchewan, Canada -- A bright blue-white light which moved from E to W about 2:50 a.m. morning at the night was reported to NCAP by T.A. Murphy, technical Sgt at GFAFB-TW, Stivers Creek. At 1:30 a.m. the morning before, in Sask., lower 300 miles of the track, Mr. W. Laird saw his wife also seven hours later toward the NW. Mr. W. Laird and the Regina Leader-Post (April 21) "These objects I saw were less amazing..."

I've output the text exactly as it appears in the document, preserving the original formatting and line breaks.


- page 11 -

Air Intelligence Office (AFCIN-Jx3)
Unidentified Flying Objects                                                8 May 1961

Mr. [redacted]
North Plainfield, New Jersey

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Your letter of 1 May 1961, regarding your sighting of a flying object on 30 April, has been referred to this office for appropriate action.

Since this Center is no longer responsible for the release of public information concerning the results of UFO investigations, we have forwarded your letter to the Washington office that does have this responsibility now. We hope you will soon receive helpful information directly from the Washington office.

As for your report on your observation of 30 April, and your request for guidance in submitting such reports in the future: On the basis of your recent report, the Center is unable to classify the object that you saw. The reliable classification of all aerial phenomena requires careful scientific work, and, of course, the most useful observations are those that are made by specialists who have the advantage of advanced training as well as critical instruments and other scientific equipment. Your report is as detailed as it could have been without the support of specialized training and scientific instruments, but it cannot be used as the basis for a reliable classification of the object that you saw.

However, we do appreciate your report on your observation, and we can assure you that all reports of this kind, indicating the appearance of Unidentified Flying Objects, receive our careful attention upon receipt. All of them are investigated as thoroughly as possible whenever an investigation is considered to be warranted. Our suggestion to you, for the future, is this: If you do make any further observations of this kind, get the confirmation of other observers at the moment it possible and then report the facts promptly to the nearest Air Force installation. Your report, with the comments of that installation, will then be sent to this Center for study.

Sincerely,

LEE H. STRAHL
Deputy Chief
Air Intelligence Office


- page 12 -

April 22: Anaheim, Calif. -- Three Anaheim residents reported the sighting of a strange disc-shaped object in the skies over Anaheim at 3 p.m. The object, according to Ernest Krause of 1306 W. Center St., seemed to be shaped like the top of an inverted plate with a whitish glow. Krause said he, his wife and daughter, 15, watched the object for about 15 minutes through binoculars. The object was seen ascending, hovering and then vanished from sight.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

April 21, Manitowoc, Wisc. - A Milwaukee Journal employee, while driving near Manitowoc, stated a revolving ball of light about 1 1/2 to 2 ft. in diameter was seen from 7 to 10 min. A 200 ft. "rotating wind" could be heard.


- page 14 -

FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Fog, mist, or light rain
b. Moderate or heavy rain
c. Snow
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared. (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As I light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

Other: Appeared clearly
as seen with solid & clear
circular with some bright lights

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle one for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know

Steady
+ slight


- page 15 -

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you further detail.

1. When did you see the object?
25     4th    1961
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 5 P.M.
           Hours   Minutes
(Circle One)  A.M. or (P.M.)

3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern     (Circle One) a. Daylight Saving
              b. Central            b. Standard
              c. Mountain
              d. Pacific
              e. Other: ____________

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Montreal         Canada
    City or Town     State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)   1 minute approximately
   a. Certain      c. Not very sure
   b. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?   Wrist watch

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?   Light approaching
   DAY                 NIGHT
   a. Bright           a. Bright
   b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One) a. In front of you   d. To your left
               b. In back of you    e. Overhead
               c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete


- page 16 -

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, disappeared below the city buildings

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes   No   Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
[No response in "I moved behind" section]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes   No   Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
[No response in "in front of" section]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Metallic, ringed with circular red
c. Light: Very bright

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Cannot answer

19. Draw a picture will show the shape of the object or objects, label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving
[A simple sketch of a circular/oval object with "Red Lights" written next to an arrow]


- page 17 -

UFO form continued                                                   Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
    (Circle One)    Yes    No
    If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
    (Circle One)    Yes    No
    If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?    23. Were you (Circle One)
    (Circle One)
    a. Inside a building                                 1. In the business section of a city?
    b. In a car                                          2. In the residential section of a city?
    c. Outdoors                                          3. In open countryside?
    d. In an airplane (type)                             4. Near an airfield?
    e. At sea                                            5. Flying over a city?
    f. Other ___________                                 6. Flying over open country?
                                                         7. Other: _________

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
    24.1 What direction were you moving?    (Circle One)    a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
    b. Northeast                            d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

    24.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.

    24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
          (Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No    f. Binoculars    Yes    No
    b. Sun glasses   Yes    No    g. Telescope    Yes    No
    c. Windshield    Yes    No    h. Theodolite   Yes    No
    d. Window glass  Yes    No    i. Other: Just perfect sight

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or ob-
    ject, which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

    I have never been anything comparable
    I have travelled a great deal. All over
    South America by plane. Crossed the
    Atlantic more times by ship & plane.


- page 18 -

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   6   3   1967
                                            Day Month Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I must explain, that the sighting I report, was a few years ago. The facts remain very clearly in my memory. Until a friend cut me, the current number of Look Magazine on Flying Savers, I did not realize I could send you a report.

[Note: There are some redacted/blacked out sections at the bottom of the document]


- page 19 -

The text I can see on this page is:

UFO form continued

Page 8

The rest of the page appears to be blank or too faint/low contrast to read.


- page 20 -

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
no changes in course

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?    One only
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 21 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO form continued                                                       Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
    No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes    No
    31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One)   Yes    No
    31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
    NAME: [redacted]
    ADDRESS: [redacted]   Montreal, P.Q. CANADA
    TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]   AGE: 67   SEX: F

    Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
    GRADUATE NURSE
    POST GRADUATE COURSES IN SURGERY,
    AND PSYCHIATRY. GIVEN HIGH STANDING,
    IM SPEED, ACCURATE & IM OBSERVATION
    OF SYMPTOMS.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    Sun    26    no report    Year


- page 22 -

North Plainfield
New Jersey
May 1, 1961

Project Blue Book
Wright - Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

I understand that you have a project which does its best to identify U.F.O.'s & have seen something which I could not explain. Here are the details: On April 30, 1961, my mother, sister, & the two brothers, and I were in our car a 1934 Dodge. We were at the intersection of West End Avenue and Highway 22, North Plainfield, New Jersey. We were stopped at a red light, which was red for about thirty seconds, so I got a good look at it. The time was about 6:30 p.m. & was looking out the window when I saw it. & yelled to everyone else, but my mother couldn't see it. & it was coming


- page 23 -

our way, and was very silver and metallic, as I thought it may have been an airplane. I it was blinking off and on, and it was broad daylight. Do airplanes blink in broad daylight? I it was blinking regularly, so I thought it may have been a lighted balloon. Then it changed course, so decided against that. It was doing weird maneuvers, but never went in a circle. Two planes went over, so I tried to compare heights, but couldn't. I if you do, or don't, find out what it was, please write me. I if you could, could you send me some information on how we might be able to start an investigation, and what we would do if one was sighted, and who to ask if it's a plane, balloon, etc.

Yours truly,
[Signature area blacked out]


- page 24 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day     Month     Year
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.     Hour     Minutes

2. Time of day:
(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

4. [Partially obscured/blacked out text]
City or Town     State or Country

5. How long was object in sight?
Hours     Minutes     Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain     c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain     d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
             b. In back of you      e. Overhead
             c. To your right       f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 15 Oct 54.


- page 25 -

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses    Yes   No
c. Windshield     Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars     Yes   No
f. Telescope      Yes   No
g. Theodolite     Yes   No
h. Other          Yes   No


- page 26 -

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound ____________________
b. Color ____________________

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred                 e. Other ____________________
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Page 3


- page 27 -

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Page 4


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text is partially illegible]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East         e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast    f. Southwest     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East         e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast    f. Southwest     h. Northwest    i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East         e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast    f. Southwest     h. Northwest    i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon 70 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon 70 degrees.


- page 29 -

