PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD.

1. DATE: 9 Mar 61
2. LOCATION: Dallas, Texas
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0407 Local
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. SOURCE: Civilian
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2-5 sec
7. PHOTOS: No
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: SW
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: A big, extremely fast obj streaking from ENE to SW across sky. "Greyhound bus about a mile away" going about 1700 mph, head lights out, but looks dusty glow behind. No sound or color. Disappeared - 230째 fm N, 40째 fm horizon.
11. COMMENTS: Obj apparently moving to SW, which is counter to any artificial satellites. Description of obj is characteristic of an obj entering earth's atmosphere. Direction of movement rules out satellites, therefore, obj was probably a meteor.

12. CONCLUSIONS:
- Was Balloon
- Probably Astronomical/meteor
- Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)    WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Clear sky            a. Dry
b. Hazy                 b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds     c. Mod. rain or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds d. Snow
                        e. Don't remember

(+ COLD!)

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
                        Mem House with another man
                        to my Congressman -
                        Rep. Bruce Alger        m.c.

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)    No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)    Yes

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Be cause of speed, would never have given this a second thought except radio at 9:14 said "The Russian have just landed a space vehicle." I thought there might just possibly have one some...


- page 3 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: Dallas, 25, Texas
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
Age: 44   Sex: M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent:
2-4 yrs college (Allies, G.I.) [additional handwritten notes that are partially illegible]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [blank]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME [redacted]
SIGNATURE [redacted]
DATE April 9, 1961

Just in case this should be a possible sighting of the date mentioned Russian vehicle, let me know. After wise, forget it, and I'm sorry to have troubled you. (I do not have much hope that anyone else would have seen "this" -- it would so rapidly -- unless they were "pros".)

Sincerely,
[signature redacted]


- page 5 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

MEMORANDUM FOR CHIEF, CONGRESSIONAL INQUIRY DIVISION, SAFLL
ATTENTION: Colonel Garcia

SUBJECT: Letter Concerning UFOs, Congressman Alger's Constituent
From Dallas, Texas of Dallas, Texas.

Dear Congressman Alger:

I refer to your inquiry of 16 March 1961 concerning an unidentified flying object sighted at Dallas, Texas by [redacted]. The letter contained insufficient information for a valid conclusion. For Mr. [redacted] use, I am enclosing an Air Force questionnaire which we would like to have him fill out in detail.

When the document is completed, Mr. [redacted] should forward it to the Commander, Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio. When their analysis and/or evaluation is completed, we will be happy to forward the results to Mr. [redacted].

In addition, I am enclosing the latest Department of Defense fact sheet on this subject. It clearly states the position of the Air Force and the Department of Defense.

2 Enclosures
Questionnaire
Fact Sheet

[Signature block partially illegible]
Chief, Machine & Book Branch


- page 6 -

Dallas 25, Texas
March 16th, 1961

Hon. Bruce Alger
WASHINGTON, D. C.

Dear Sir:

At exactly 4:07 AM CST early Thursday morning, March 9th, I was out in my back yard, doing a bit of meteor watching, when I saw the polls-dot 12 footer, and

I saw A 310, extremely fast, unidentified object streaking from about NE to SW across the sky. It was fast. I have no form on it, but I do remember quite a bit of impression it left with me.

This object, seemingly, moved so fast that I would never have given it much later thought, except that on 7:09 AM morning carried big story that the Russians had crashed a dog, etc. in a 5-ton rocket.

If however looks after things like that should happen to want my impressions of this thing I saw, I would be glad to tell them that I remember, I know this is rather silly later, but I want to tell someone, and, naturally, I AM curious as to whether the time coincided with what we might know of their rocket's course done.

Sincerely,


- page 7 -

UFO

SAFIL-1/Mol Garcia/cb/69 March/5736l

SAFIL - 153639
MAR 31 1961

Dear Mr. Alger:

This is in response to your inquiry dated March 22, 1961, concerning an unidentified Flying Object sighted at Dallas, Texas, by Mr.

The letter does not contain sufficient information upon which a valid conclusion can be made. We are including a questionnaire which we hope you will fill out in detail. Then completed this should be returned to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio. When the Air Force analysis is completed we will be happy to forward the results to you.

We are also forwarding a copy of the latest Department of Defense fact sheet on Unidentified Flying Objects, which I hope will be helpful to you. If we can be of further assistance to you, please let me know.

Sincerely,
GORDON B. KNIGHT
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Congressional Inquiry
Director of Legislative Liaison

Incl:
1. UFO Fact Sheet 2. Questionnaire 3. Ltr frm consti cc:GOCRD CHSN - Col Garcia SAFOY

House of Representatives


- page 8 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications, without your permission.

1. When did you see the object?
7 March 1961

2. Time of day: 4 6:47 7
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One) a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: University Park City/Town: TEXAS State or Country: TEXAS
Additional remarks:

5. How long was object in sight: 2 10 57
Hours Minutes Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

NIGHT
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One)   a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear:   (Circle One):   a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other ____________________


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[A hand-drawn curved path from A to B is shown]

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
Very similar to Greyhound bus - bout a mile away.

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

Just about same size (width, that is).

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Saw over the horizon

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

See vl. above
1700??
at night - going ______ miles an hour
head light out, but LOTS of dusty glow behind.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: None (might have almost could hear and sense it - a sensation of the space)
b. Color: Alro

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an elongated object with arrows indicating direction]

Additional notes on sketch:
- should be white on black
- very faint
- REVERSE - was light on dark

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): 
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Blank space for drawing]


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text appears to read: "flying for my first look at Explorer-IX which the papers said was out. at CST Elev. 19째 az. 115째(SE) hunt morning. I have watched. You (rest of text is partially illegible)"]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southwest        f. Southeast         h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southwest        f. Southeast         h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southwest        f. Southeast         h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North     5.5     degrees.
b. From horizon        4.10    degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North     270     degrees.
b. From horizon        25      degrees.


- page 13 -

