PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
13 Nov 61

2. LOCATION
San Mateo, Calif.

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
2:55 PM
GMT 19/2357

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒Ground-Visual ☐Ground-Radar
☐Air-Visual ☐Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☒ Yes
☐ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Some time

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
[No text in this field]

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Strange obj in sky. Visible until daylight. Had 2 white balls about 2" apart. 1 light had tail 9' long. Obj remained stationary.

11. COMMENTS
Request for additional info not answered; possible wx balloon or mirage. No confirming data. Case listed as insufficient data.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other
☒ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

(ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52))


- page 1 -

Dear Mr. President-

I know you are a busy
man but I am a citizen
of this good old U.S.A.!

Just by accident, I
went out to feed the birds
some bread. Nile do this
twice a day.

I was at 5:45 A.M.
Nov. 13-

I looked up into the
sky and saw this strange
object- I watched it for some
time-

Then I tried to get
the Civil Defense Control Center
in Belmont but it was too
early to contact them - I
did not know what else

San Mateo-
Calif.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

to call Police Dept. They were more curious as to why I sat at that time other what I called about. If they had sent a "squad" car from the neighborhood they could have seen it was still visible until daylight. They did come and questioned me but their description is not at all accurate - I was not to describe a burglar under the some circumstances of our descriptions coincidently.

They put the thing in the report which I can only bring "phony" calls and stuff like that.

I don't want publicity-
Where does one notify


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

the defense or is it past
to not report such finding

I am 63 years old and
I have never seen such
objects before-

At least, I thought
the defense department
would phone me - only
called the police to ask
them where to ease-

I thought as a citizen I
was doing my duty but I
guess not, Mr. President.
Perhaps from now on I felt
best not say anything should
it occur again- I am sure
by putting it in the paper, the
I'll write I could have led


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

T.

to some thing very important
without the publicity-

This is the accurate
description - I white balls
from my view found about
10 inches exactly diameter
about 3 ft. apart. The one
on the height had a white
tail about 3 ft. long & 
they stayed in me 12 hours
until daylight. Sincerely Yours

[Note: There is a black redaction/blacked out area at the bottom of the document, likely obscuring a signature or name.]


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Brown Takes
Week Off

LOS ANGELES (UPI) - Gov. Brown has canceled all appointments for the remainder of this week because of a recurring flu attack, an aide said.

The governor was advised Monday by his physician, Dr. Leo Goldman, San Francisco, to take the week off.

Saucers
With Tails
Spotted

First nocturnal spotting of an unidentified flying object was reported in San Mateo yesterday, and this time they had little white tails on them.

Police Officer Guido Piacente said he responded to a call to the home of Mrs. Alice Reynolds.

She said that she awakened about 6 a.m. and looked out the window.

There, she related, about 100 feet in the air were two strange objects. From the distance she observed them, they appeared to have red to circumference while white lights on each object behind them were little white tails about a foot long at the end.

The objects were flying in an easterly direction from her city.

Tunnel Shelter
Proposal Told

DALY CITY - A proposal that a series of tunnels be bored into the sides of mountains parallel to streets in both the eastern and western sections of the city were presented to city councilmen here last night by a veteran civil engineer, Nicholas Guarino.

Peter W. Stein of 261 Fairlawn avenue pointed out that many buildings along Skyline Boulevard in the western area of the city and Cracker Hills on the eastern edge of Daly City could serve as ideal sites for "tunnel shelters."

Speaking as a bombing victim, Guarino suggested that tunnels be bored about 100 feet underground and run parallel to streets so, in one city, one would have more than a 15-minute run to safety.

Councilmen agreed the proposal would have to have an engineer's study and pointed out that a comprehensive plan for civilian defense is now being worked out.

The proposed 100-acre annexation of the Christen Dairy ranch and nearby areas came in for discussion. A group of residents appeared to protest that ill amendments in the proposed land annexation would place an unfair tax burden on property owners.

Tuesday, Nov. 14, 1961 The Times-3

Matson Names San Matean

SAN FRANCISCO (API) - Matson Navigation Co. announced today the appointment of Ralph W. Sauber, 41, of San Mateo as controller of Ampex Video Products Co., Redwood City, and from 1957 to 1960 was secretary-treasurer and member of the board of Western Lithograph company, Los Angeles.

Traffic Jam
On Bayshore

SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO - Traffic on Bayshore Freeway was jammed last night when a truck caught fire and burned up.

William Landis, driver for the Enterprise Trucking company of Emeryville, said he was driving southbound at 7:20 p.m. when flames started shooting from the motor compartment. Landis was able to stop the truck and soon to safely before the flames got to the cab. He was unhurt.

The truck, valued at $15,000 was destroyed. A company spokesman said damage to the load was slight.

(There are also advertisements for a Christmas Club and Peninsula Savings and Loan Association on the page)


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

4-The Times
Tuesday, Nov. 14, 1961

Francis Will
Address Meet

The first of a series of legislative conferences will be held by the Legislative section of the San Mateo County Development Association, Inc. tomorrow at the Villa Hotel in San Mateo, J. Hart Clark, chairman of this section.

Guest at this first of the conferences sessions scheduled Wednesday morning will be Assemblyman Louis J. Francis, 5th district.

Assemblyman Carl Britschgi will appear before the group on Wednesday, November 22, and Senator Richard J. Dolwig is to be with the section members on November 23.

Center Plans
Reviewed

City planners examined plans for the proposed $500,000 Professional center at 855 Flores Street, just south of Twenty-fifth avenue in study session last night. Formal vote will be taken November 27.

The building will include a cafe, shop, barber shop and meeting room. Originally the land was zoned for commercial use, then rezoned to high-rise apartment use. It's, at the request of the applicant, property owner John Wilbur.

Southern
Crossing
Is Debated

MILLBRAE - A southern crossing of the bay "should be studied by the Bay Area Transit District," county planning director, reported to the governor's advisory committee at a public hearing last night.

He contended the span should be no further north than Sierra Point, about two miles south of Candlestick Park. His comments came as spokesman for the county and for several of its cities.

Robert B. Bradford, chairman of a state committee, director of public works and a member of the Soto Toll Road Authority, said the committee is serious about finding a location for the bridge. The indicated the recommendations probably would be made early in 1962.

Norman Raab, projects engineer for the State Division of Bay Toll Crossings, noted that while a number of new routes were suggested, something blocked all the Sierra Point to Roberts Landing area east of the highway. 50 Easterly freeway junction and diversion route due east of Sierra Point.

At a meeting in San Leandro last August, Alameda county officials and representatives of East Bay cities had argued that the western terminus should be Roberts Landing.

Belmont Reviews Plans

BELMONT - A report on the city's would-be set up is its own status of Belmont's proposed cap-agency; condemn property, rate improvement projects, its zone buildings, then attempt to find a program which would bind future city councils.

The city's current capital improvement projects include one worth $1,000,000, including the new library building in Belmont park, development of the marina and recreation park near Ralston overpass, Ralston avenue, as well as various street widening and street lighting projects, the mayor reported.

Future projects include a master lighting plan for the city, major streets and a major thoroughfares program as part of the county-wide trafficways program, development of the Sea Scout barge for temporary use as a recreation center, with meeting rooms, a shower room and restrooms.

The barge is structurally sound and can be improved with a comparatively small amount of relatively minor improvements.

Loewe & Zwerling
IN SAN MATEO . . . A TRADITION

[A photograph of a person is present, with a "Seas-n-rite" logo next to it]


- page 7 -

Major Coleman/jma/30 Nov 1961/55309

Dear Miss

The Office of the President has asked the Air Force to reply to your recent letter concerning unidentified flying objects.

Your interest in reporting the sighting you witnessed is appreciated. However, before a conclusion may be reached as to what the object is, more information will be required. I have enclosed two UFO questionnaires, one for you to complete and the additional questionnaire for any other witness who may have seen the objects.

Please forward the completed questionnaires in the enclosed pre-addressed envelopes.

Sincerely,

C. R. CARLSON
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Public Information Division
Office of Information

Miss
San Mateo, California

SAFOI-3e Reader
SAFOI-3e Comeback
SAFOI-1 Reader
2 copies for L&L


- page 8 -

