PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
30 Mar 61

2. LOCATION
Akron, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
1800

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10-15 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
N-W

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
1 obj. giving off sparks

11. COMMENTS
Incomplete info. Until such time as taped interviews are received and further evaluation can be made case listed as insufficient data.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

At approximately 2355, a received call from [redacted] (Pho [redacted]) Akron, Ohio concerning UFO. He did not see object personally, but [redacted] is head of local UFO Research Committee and said he knew Capt Robert Smith and Capt Earl Wolf of ATIC.

Some info on object given by him, but since he did not see it he was not too sure of details. He gave names of following eyewitnesses:
1. [redacted], ph [redacted], Akron
2. [redacted], ph [redacted], Akron

He also reported that radio station [redacted] was flooded by calls of other viewers.

Attached is ATIC Form164 with limited info Mr. [redacted] gave.

[Signed]
Edward Braman
1/24, USAF


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
30 Mar 1961
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

2. Time of day: 6 Hour Minutes

3. Time Zone: Local Akron
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Akron Akron Ohio
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or Country

Additional remarks:

5. How long was object in sight? 10-15
   Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
(Circle One):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

NIGHT
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

Twilight
Clear

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
b. In back of you   e. Overhead
c. To your right   f. Don't remember

To North

ATIC FORM 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):                8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                                 a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                                b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                                 c. No moonlight — pitch dark
    d. Don't remember                        d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
   (Circle One):   a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:                         (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?    Yes   No   Don't Know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?    Yes   No   Don't Know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?       Yes   No   Don't Know
    d. Give off smoke?                       Yes   No   Don't Know
    e. Change brightness?                    Yes   No   Don't Know
    f. Change shape?                         Yes   No   Don't Know
    g. Flash or flicker?                     Yes   No   Don't Know
    h. Disappear and reappear?               Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
    it moved behind: [blank]

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
    in front of: [blank]

14. Did the object appear:   (Circle One):   a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No
    b. Sun glasses      Yes   No
    c. Windshield       Yes   No
    d. Window glass     Yes   No

    a. Binoculars
    b. Telescope
    c. Theodolite
    d. Other

    Yes   No
    Yes   No
    Yes   No


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: None
    b. Color: Dark

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember
    e. Other: [blank]

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 5 -

