The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record card that contains various fields for documenting information related to a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
2. LOCATION: Palatka, Florida
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 1 Ground-Visual
5. WEATHER: 3 Air-Visual
6. DURATION: 1 minute
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 minute
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: Erratic
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Lights seen in the sky. Object described as round, orange-red in color, with "fins" or "bat-wing" extensions. Object varied in intensity and flashed intermittently. Object appeared to rise vertically from the horizon and then moved in an erratic pattern.
11. COMMENTS: Subject states that the object appeared to be under some form of intelligent control, as its movements were not random or haphazard. Subject further states that the object was viewed through 7x50 binoculars and appeared to be approximately 10-15 miles distant.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with various fields for the witness to describe their observation.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Whistling
b. Color - White

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and generally describe what is shown in your drawing.

There is a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a circular or oval-shaped object.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Little or bright, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
One, as a picture of one object was drawn.

Text Output:
16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Whistling
b. Color - White
17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and generally describe what is shown in your drawing.
18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Little or bright, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember
19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. The document appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting, with instructions and questions for the witness.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and also show any changes in direction during the course.
21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length to line with a known object, and measure how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered?
23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, with various questions and sections for the witness to fill out.

Text from the document:

23. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

26. Were you CIRCLE ONE:
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Never an official?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
28.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (horizon observation).
31.1 When it first appeared: _______ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: 
a. From true North ______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It consists of sketches and illustrations related to observing an object in the sky.

The text from the document is as follows:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the ground line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in this image. The image shows a form or questionnaire used for a UFO report, likely part of Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Partly cloudy
c. Overcast or heavy clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Rain, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day:
Month:
Year:

36. Was any one with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
(Yes)   No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Yes)   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)
(Yes)   No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other cases?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten response]: Cant explain - Dont know

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with text responses filled in.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please furnish any additional information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 14 SEX: [Redacted]
Indicates any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
I FIRST SAW THIS AS A BRIGHT LIGHT IN THE NIGHT SKY. IT MOVED ERRATICALLY AND SEEMED TO CHANGE COLOR BRIEFLY TO A RED GLOW AND THEN DISAPPEARED.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 19 JULY [Year Redacted]

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with a form for gathering summary data, including fields for Name, Signature, and Date.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In view that your information may be filed and carried as accurately as possible, please use
the following space to write the FULL DETAILS of the incident or other observation...

(DO NOT WRITE IN THIS SPACE)
NAME:
SIGNATURE:
DATE: 7-7

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 record card from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program. The record card contains various fields for documenting details about a UFO sighting, including the date, time, location, type of observation, source, number of objects, and a brief summary of the sighting. The "BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING" field contains a handwritten description of the sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 22 Jul 53
2. LOCATION: Palatka, Florida
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 22 Jul 53, 2150
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
5. SOURCE: Civilian
6. PHOTOS: Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 minutes
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: Stationary
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Two persons, husband and wife were in car on Highway No. 17, 2 miles south of Palatka, Florida, when they observed a bright light in the sky, appearing much larger than a conventional aircraft, hovering over the highway. Light dimmed and brightened repeatedly over a period of about 15 minutes, then suddenly disappeared before their eyes. No sound was heard. According to known flight patterns, this sighting could not be attributed to any known flight.
11. CONCLUSIONS: Possibly Balloon, Possibly Aircraft, Probably Celestial

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

OFFICIAL FILE COPY 
TD-6

19 AUG 1961

Dear Dr. *********,

Your letter reporting the sighting of a UFO has been forwarded to the Central Intelligence Division. It does not contain sufficient information for detailed evaluation and return is in the attached self-addressed envelope.

Sincerely,

EDWARD J. RUPPELT
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science 
and Components

COORDINATION: TD-6 	 DATE: 16 AUG 61
MAJOR ROBERT J. FRIEND

The committee has in the meantime been going over some other reports and would like such more information on the 22 July 1961 report, at Palatka, Florida; the "object separating and joining together again" suggests similarity to some of the French sightings and the committee would like to have the unreliability of this report more solidly established.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book. The text on the page is handwritten and describes a sighting of unusual activity in the night sky over Palatka, Florida on July 25, 1961.

Text extracted from the document:

Pentagon
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir,

On the night of July 25, about two minutes after midnight, four flashing objects were observed over the country of Putnam. They were moving from the east and at a very high rate of speed. They flew in a straight line and turned at a very sharp angle when they had traveled a considerable distance. At about 75 to 100 feet from the ground they turned again to the west and disappeared. The sighting lasted for about ten seconds. The objects were about the size of a small automobile and gave off a bluish-white light. There were no sound or trails of any kind. These were not planes, satellites or anything the observers had ever seen before. Incident report.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Dear
Palatka is a small town on the St. Johns River in Florida. The witness said he saw a bright light in the sky that appeared round, large, and silvery. He said the light maneuvered rapidly and disappeared. The witness also mentioned seeing other lights in the sky that night. 
The report is dated July 8, 1961.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or letter.

From the text found in the document:

From the investigation of your reported sighting near Palatka, Florida on 8 July 1961, the following facts were determined:

A witness reported observing a bright, luminous, oblong object hovering over a wooded area near Palatka. The object was observed for approximately 10 minutes before it disappeared. No details were provided regarding the size, altitude, or speed of the object. The witness was unable to provide any additional information which could identify or describe the object in greater detail.

The case was investigated and no further information was developed which would indicate the presence of an unidentified aerial object in the area on the date in question. Therefore, this case is being filed as "insufficient information for evaluation."

Thank you for your report. If you have any additional information regarding this or any other sighting, please let me know.

- page 13 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn sketch or diagram of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The sketch depicts a hovering or floating object, with what looks like a human figure near the base or underneath the object. There is no other discernible photograph or image present in this document page.

Project Blue Book was a real-life U.S. Air Force investigation of UFO sightings from 1947 to 1969. This document page appears to be part of a report from that investigation, likely containing an eyewitness account or drawing related to a UFO sighting.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a blank page with some handwritten text at the top.

OCR output:
I WENT TO NATICK TO WAKE HIM UP

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

OUTPUT OF TEXT FOUND IN THE DOCUMENT:

SIGHTING REPORT
ROJECT BLUE BOOK
ITING REPORT FORM
DATE OF SIGHTING: 
July 8, 1961
TIME OF SIGHTING:
2:00 a.m.
DURATION OF SIGHTING:
10-15 minutes
LOCATION OF SIGHTING: 
Palatka, Florida
WEATHER CONDITIONS:
Clear, night
OBJECT OBSERVED:
Bright light, very large in size, oval shaped, with a smaller light underneath and a reddish light under that.
DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT(S):
The object was bright and very large in size, oval shaped, with a smaller light underneath and a reddish light under that. It was silent and remained stationary.
REPORTED BY: [REDACTED]

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from the Department of the Air Force related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) observation.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

3 August 1961

Dear Sir:

Thank you for your information concerning the unidentified flying object you sighted.

The Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base conducts investigations of such sightings in an effort to determine their nature.

As your experience, it you will complete the attached questionnaire and return it to this office, we will be glad to investigate your sighting.

Sincerely,

BLAINE WEBB
Counselor Branch
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Re: Palatka, Florida

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force technical information sheet, likely a form used to collect information about unidentified flying object sightings as part of Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force the essential information about any unusual aerial phenomena that you may have observed. The information obtained will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, written or oral, made public or private, without your consent, unless it is deemed necessary, in which case we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
2. Time of day:                   Answer: (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 
Additional information: City or Town State or Country
5. How long was object in sight? 
Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
1. Estimated 2. Accurate 3. Not very sure
6. What was the condition of the sky? 
DAY NIGHT
a. Clear b. Bright a. Clear b. Bright
c. Hazy c. Hazy
7. IF YOU DAYLIGHT, where was the sun in relation to the object? 
(Circle One) a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right
d. Behind you e. Don't remember

- page 18 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a series of questions and answer choices.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
3.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

3.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Full moonlight
c. Dark moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One):
a. As a light
b. Shiny
c. Dark
d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
If yes.

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up or any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off brightness? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't Know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something or at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):
It moved behind: Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):
It moved in front of: Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

14. Did the object appear: 
(Circle One):
a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No 
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other ________

- page 19 -

