PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
13 SEP 61

2. LOCATION
Los Angeles, California

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
2120

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒Ground-Visual ☐Ground-Radar
☐Air-Visual ☐Air-Intercept Radar

5. GMT
121520Z

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3-10 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
Erratic

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Light originated from rain area with erratic movement, appearance of being solid, bright a/c or nearby a/c industries and tracking into additional lights. Blurred shape, darting, hovering, rotating; search lights a/c sometimes in area following object. Jets took off in Hughes a/c to follow obj.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐Was Balloon
☒Probably Balloon
☐Possibly Balloon
☐Was Aircraft
☐Probably Aircraft
☐Possibly Aircraft
☐Was Astronomical
☐Probably Astronomical
☐Possibly Astronomical
☐Other:
☐Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Probable research balloon characteristics of balloon launch and observation.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 59)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Was standing by porch, saw something to ground with my young son (age 7½) beside me and checked peculiar light in sky. Continued to observe as it hovered, started moving a few times. Then started to light bright of speed.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
2 m Saturday October 1961
Day Month Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses: [Redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I have no idea. Nothing certain. It was (not a conclusive of optical illusion). But I think some who declare. These were being supported by our own beliefs. Things don't really exist, or are results of our intuition of alcoholic damages. Yes, what anticipated and might to control up to date. What vision of progress, and pay to do. To some basis we might be our future information. To go flying through space like this.


- page 4 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?_________________

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?______________

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Los Angeles   City   Zone   Calif   State
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]

Age 54     Sex Female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
Fin Exec. Director m own org'n office. Light stenographic, some teaching, not
9 yrs to full-time information by profession, own a medical writer, and
work in medical license work & public relations. 9 years
college - (2 1/2 yrs. pre-war) 2 1/2 yrs. journalism, 1 yr day college
seminar & short story writing journalism, currently working on studies.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [date partially illegible]
Day   Month   Year


- page 5 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use
the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments,
statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached
if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: 27 Oct 1961

On a Saturday evening between the hours of approximately
9:15 and 9:25 PM, a friend and myself were sitting in
my 7 1/2 yr. old near and myself self my back porch, sitting
to take fire as a rest, prior to 9:15. Leaving my
home. We were taking we noticed a strange light in
the west sky. This light showed some time, and we
expected was to either was a helicopter or satellite, waiting
it could be noted. Also, due to its large size, to lack of
proper investigation, and its made of travel. Also, to
enable, and as it passed, a well known moving smaller,
bright white light was visible, showing the light to be strong
in shape. It made short darts at great rate of speed, alternating
varying this way back and brilliant light lights, remaining
and showing less many smaller lights. We watched for possibly


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 10

7 to 10 minutes, when suddenly, at a tremendous
speed, it changed course and disappeared into the murky east
within a matter of perhaps less than 2 seconds. "Nothing we
know of has this ability to hover in this fashion," possesses
this shape (which was more clearly rendered, swept by dim
ridiculousness) and says. The fact on "Travel as high" There was no
waiver made 10 minutes. Lagging to see the thing reappear
I may large searchlights picked the thing up and continued
a scan two area after it was out. Less likely, as a matter
of fact, was slow will searchlights, which was now near
two new several new class speedy. However, a very brilliant
and far reaching lights, possible from fighter aircraft, so
I continued report (with marks) was carried on the light
end continued to paint the sky for a good hour afterward.
Activity until 12:30 P.M., but then new no slow object made.

Also, many among pursuit job did take off during the
thing appearance and were traveling on the direction and
which the light disappeared for about an hour after it
was out of view. At this time, I called the A.F.C. informing
of the occurrence, and giving info. "I mean so to
"a slowness, as well as my query now.

Note: Some words are partially obscured or blacked out in the original document.


- page 7 -

HEADQUARTERS
OFFICE OF THE DEPUTY COMMANDER AFSC
FOR AEROSPACE SYSTEMS
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Air Force Unit Post Office, Los Angeles 45, California

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:   DCAAA/J G Proctor/2510                                      16 Oct 1961

SUBJECT:   Extract from Staff Duty Officer's Report

TO:        DCF

The following is extracted from the DCAS Staff Duty Officer's Report
for the period 1600 13 Oct 1961 to 0830 14 Oct 1961.

Person Reporting:   Mrs. [redacted], age 34, [redacted]
Telephone:          [redacted]

Mrs. [redacted] and a companion, [redacted], age 39, telephone
number [redacted] observed an oblong object hovering at a low altitude. It had a brilliant light like a spotlight. It hovered for a short period, then moved very fast in an East Northeast direction and hovered again. A string of brilliant lights lit up along the sides and then went out.

The object was observed for 8 to 10 minutes and disappeared suddenly.

The sky was clear, no clouds or fog.

Report was received at approximately 2145.

s/ RAYMOND V. HOOD, JR.
    RDO

s/ J. G. PROCTOR
Chief, Administrative Branch
Office of Administrative Services

1st Ind (DCF) DCAS                                                     18 October 1961

To:   Wright-Patterson AFB
       ATTN: FTD-U.F.OB

1.   For your information and action.

s/ DON T. CHERRY
1st Lt., USAF
Project Officer
Assistant for Foreign Technology


- page 8 -

DCAS
DOF
AF UNIT POST OFFICE
LOS ANGELES 45 CALIF
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL BUSINESS

POSTAGE AND FEES PAID

Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
Attn: FID
Dayton, Ohio


- page 9 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TD-2/Major Friend
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting

TO: Hq USAF (SAFOI-3c - Major Coleman)

1. Attached is a copy of a letter reporting the sighting of a UFO by
two individuals.

2. The letter does not contain sufficient data for a valid conclusion.
Therefore, request your office forward a questionnaire to each of the
witnesses indicated in the letter.

EDWARD H. LYNN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
And Components

1 Atch
Ltr w/1st Ind fm DCAS (DFC).

28 OCT 1961


- page 10 -

27 October 1961

Dear Mrs. [redacted]:

We appreciate your reporting an unidentified flying Object to the Aerospace Systems Division of the Air Force Systems Command, Los Angeles.

We would appreciate your completing the enclosed questionnaire and mailing it in the pre-addressed envelope, which requires no postage. I have enclosed another questionnaire which I would like you to complete.

Your interest in this matter is appreciated.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
UFO Project Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information

[Recipient's address partially redacted, with "California" visible]


- page 11 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
13 Oct. 1961

2. Time of day: 9:20 10
Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
(Nearest Postal Address) Los Angeles California
Additional remarks: Can look south to front of house

5. How long was object in sight? 8-10 minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Kept glance to accompany friend between 9:15-9:20 and 9-10 Looked at clock

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

NIGHT
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you d. To your left
b. In back of you e. Overhead
c. To your right f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
Definitely

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or exploded?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: Heard None
b. Color: Lowest View, phosphorus glow

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a UFO with annotations: "Bright Light", "Smaller Bright Light", "Bright Light"]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: Seem different/hazy/blurry
a shape/curve blurry

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[The bottom section of the page is blank]


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[A handwritten diagram is present, but the text is not clearly legible]

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
[Handwritten response, partially legible: "so uncommonly large, light - The weighing it can't have been a large object"]

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object, and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[Handwritten response: "It covered a full finger nail (size & glass) and was extremely bright."]

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[Handwritten response: "Yes - Means of make short darting N.E. - Then seemed out of sight and vanished"]

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[Handwritten response: "I see nothing that even comes close to appearing of just so at times, large, moving by light. Closest to cigar - shaped, moving by way of long leaves edge. Slightly moving, smaller bright lights along lower edge."]


- page 15 -

