PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
21 Jan 61

2. LOCATION
Akron, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2305
GMT 220405Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15-20 Min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Like a circle or plate with the top cut off and approx 5 times the size of moon. Color reddish-orange. Appeared 12° N of due W. Disappeared same position.

See: Slides 7-3745-458
(SLIDES IN PHYSICAL SPECIMEN FILE)

11. COMMENTS
It is concluded by FTD that the object viewed by witnesses was the setting moon distorted by atmospheric refraction. Weather conditions probably contributed to misidentification. Conclusion substantiated by fact that moon was just N of Mj and all sightings occurred at approx time of moonset.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☒ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other___________
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown


- page 1 -

9. It is requested that you pass this information to SAFSL for forwarding
to Mr. _______ House Armed Services Sub-Committee.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
PHILIP J. NATUS
Colonel, USAF (3160)
Deputy for Science and Components

COORDINATION: AFCIN-IE [Signature] DATE 12 April 61
Mr. Robert H. Friend

3


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

"ASK ACTIVITY REPORT (Page )

Electric Company, Akron. Inquired if any power line trouble had occurred in the area of Niesmith Lake on 21-22 Jan 61. None were recorded; and if any trouble had occurred, Mr. S of office would have had a record of it. The above contact was made as S reported that there was an odor associated with the sighting as though electric wires were burning. Also from the reported behavior and location of the UFO it could/should have come through near an electric high tension line located West of home.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS:
Conducted personal interview with M and recorded the interview on tape.

Conducted a complete photo-recon of the area in which the incident of 21 January occurred.

Established a friendly working relationship with Mr. Director of the UFO Research Committee, Akron.

Established working support of Akron Civilian Defense Office, Mrs.

Became area orientated in case future incidents dictate repeated trips.

PERSONAL OBSERVATIONS:
All people contacted were very eager to cooperate and gave freely of their time.

Believe that the people involved with the incident and contacted gave no false information - all were very sincere and from many personal debriefing experiences.

I believe what they were stating, as best they could and honestly, an experience of personal involvement which they actually witnessed but did not, perhaps, could not, understand.

Whatever his motivations, is very eager and capable of honestly and unbiasly assisting in UFO investigations.

Local area Civilian Defense Offices can and should be utilized while conducting UFO investigations.

RECOMMENDATIONS:
Utilize local area Civilian Defense Organizations during UFO investigations.

Utilize various Civilian UFO Organizations in any/all of the following ways: (However make it understood that the organizations do not represent the USAF during organizational activities!!)

Conduct on the spot taped interviews plus photo reconnaissance.
Perform finished studies of each factually backed up incident.
Perform a study of previous unexplained UFO reports.

Recompensation to the various UFO organizations could be accomplished by replacing material such as blank tapes to replace equipment which is taken from the organization as evidence.

ATIC FORM
DEC 60 46b This form supersedes ATIC Test Form 46b, which is obsolete."


- page 3 -

TASK ACTIVITY REPORT (Page )

Item 9 (Cont)
members of the family went outside during the observation of the incident. It was also brought out during the interview that a similar incident occurred on 23 November 60 while at the same time of the evening (11:05 p.m.) and both incidents occurred approximately one mile from the same location.

During the interview, Mr. showed us the location of the incident both from their points of observation and the location of the objects appearance/behavior. (On-the-spot photographs were made of all points.)

At the termination of the interview, contact was made with Mr. of the UFO Research Committees, Akron, and an interview was established.

Mr. brought along to the interview his assistant, Mr. At first the two gentlemen were very unfriendly, due mainly to previous rude treatment (treated him as a seeker of publicity), but both city officials and a representative of the Dept of Defense.

During some 7 hours of interview Mr. and showed us every consideration, took us to interview a Mrs. whose home is located in the general area of Lake Nesmith, at the sighting of a UFO during the night of 22 Feb 61. Later during the evening Mr. took us to his residence to review a great deal of UFO work he and his committee has compiled throughout the previous years.

While home we listened and recorded taped interviews of 4 other individual sightings of the incident of 21 Jan 61. The other sightings were made by Mr. and Mrs. at 10:30 p.m., and 11 year old daughter, at 10:40 p.m., Mr. and Mrs. at 10:40 p.m., and Mr. and Mrs. at 11:00 p.m., all on the night of 21 Jan 61 and none of the people are related or were known to one another.

The other people did not report their sightings of a UFO officially except to Mr. who has his interviews with them recorded on tape.

During our interview with other conscientious citizens had dealings with various governmental officials, especially with Lt Colonel Lawrence Tacker, Chief SAFOR-34, Washington D. C. He reportedly has some very staunch and elementary errors in it; and indicated that this official has treated him with childish disrespect.

We also had an interview with Mrs. of the City of Akron's Civilian Defense Office. She was very cooperative and has offered us (USAF representatives) the use of any/all of the city's services at any time - even the use of her offices as our headquarters in the area should the need arise.

Contacted Mr. Line Service Dept., Edison

ATIC FORM DEC 60 46b This form supersedes ATIC Test Form 46b, which is obsolete.


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Ken Dyer Nesmith Lake

Slap Police Attitude On 'Flying Object'

A previous "flying experience" an Akron family had in an unidentified flying object (UFO) was described today by a committee to City Council, two members of the James Pulliam family told their story last Saturday over Nesmith Lake.

AN UNIDENTIFIED flying object, 30 or more feet in diameter, hovered, tilted and turned, according to Mrs. James Pulliam, Chairman Laurence Moyer.

The object generally paced with an altitude and speed of about 300 feet at the Pulliam home, the letter said.

THE COMMITTEE sent the Police Department the letter to report what they had seen.

Saucer Laws Need
The UFO Akron-Area Research Committee has written to City Council to complain about the treatment of a Akron family received from the police department when it telephoned to report the sighting of an unidentified flying object hovering over Nesmith Lake.

The flying saucer group says somebody at the police station received the news "with light talk and a laughing response." The letter asks Council to "guide policemen to a more alert receptivity" to reports of this kind.

"Our first reaction was to wonder why the saucer spotters didn't complain to the Mayor, who is ex officio safety director and boss of the police department, instead of taking the matter to Council. But then it was drawn to us that admonshing the police to take UFO reports seriously is only part of what is involved here."

In the theme of an evening concerning the conduct of visitors from other space, what could the police have done about it if they HAD taken the Nesmith Lake report seriously and gone out and lassoed the saucer?

The police need guidance, all right, but not just in being polite to the public.

Won't C. On Protest

'Flying Object' Quiz Rejected By Council
City Council decided today not to launch its own investigation into the mysterious area of Unidentified Flying Objects, better known as UFOs.

Council, 9 to 3, voted to file a letter from two members of the UFO Akron Area Research Committee, which complained about the attitude of the Police Department last week when a UFO sighting was reported over a Nesmith Lake cove.

COUNCIL'S vote followed a motion by Joseph Wesolyk (D-3), who said he felt the matter had been "adequately aired."

The vote came after Joseph Demjan (D-3), said that since the letter referred it a "flying object" perhaps it would be interesting to the Port and Aviation Committee.

Voting against filing were Edward Davis (D-3), J. P. Bud (D-3) and James Denholin.

DAVIS declared that "UFOs to laughing matter. Ninety-eight per cent of the reports prove false, but it's the other two per cent that matter."

The UFO reportedly was sighted by the James Pulliam family, 637 W. Waterloo Rd., who said it hovered over Nesmith Lake.

The Council asked Councilmen to "guide policemen to a more alert receptivity" to such reports.


- page 5 -

ASK ACTIVITY REPORT (Page )

We believe that by utilizing the Civilian UFO organizations two things can be readily realized:

1. Gain any/all available information that may contribute to the solutions of UFO reports via the most economical means available to responsible USAF/ATIC departments.

2. Realize a very amicable and responsible relationship between offices of the DOD and the American Public which during the past years has become increasingly more antagonistic in many areas to include congressional intervention.

ROBERT T. SMITH
Captain, USAF
AFCIN-4E

EARL J. WOLF JR.
Captain, USAF
AFCIN-4E

ATIC FORM
DEC 60 46b   This form supersedes ATIC Test Form 46b, which is obsolete.


- page 6 -

DATA PROCESSING DIVISION
CLIMATIC CENTER, USAF
Air Weather Service (MATS)
Asheville, North Carolina

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: CGDPO/HHOE
SUBJECT: Data for Akron, Ohio                                   27 Mar 1961

TO:   Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
       ATTN: AFCIN AE 2X
       Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Reference: Your Telephone requests on 17 March 1961 and 24 March 1961, and our letter 20 March 1961, subject: Data for Akron, Ohio and Vicinity.

2. We are enclosing photographic copies of hourly surface observations for Akron-Canton Airport, Ohio for the period 16 through 26 January 1961 which is the balance of data requested by your first telephone conversation. Included also is the period for Akron requested in your second call.

3. Copies of additional data requested in your second call are being prepared as listed below:

   a. Surface hourly observations for 21 through 25 Nov 1960 from Cleveland, Pittsburgh, and Toledo, Ohio.

   b. Winds aloft observations for 21 through 25 Nov 1960 from Toledo, Ohio.

   c. Radiosonde adiabatic charts for 21 through 25 Nov 60 from Pittsburgh.

4. Copies of these data will be forwarded by 31 Mar 1961.

FOR THE DIRECTOR

DALLAS L. TEE, JR.
Captain, USAF
Administrative Officer

Atch f/Akron, Ohio


- page 7 -

DATA PROCESSING DIVISION
CLIMATIC CENTER, USAF
Air Weather Service (MATS)
Asheville, North Carolina

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: CDPDO/IHOO

SUBJECT: Copy of Surface and Upper Air Data                29 Mar 1961

TO:   Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
       Attn: AFCIN-4B2X
       Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1.    Reference: Your telephone request 24 March 1961 and our letter
       27 March 1961, subject: Data for Akron, Ohio.

2.    We are forwarding photographic copies of the following data:
       a. Surface hourly observations for 21 through 25 Nov 1960
          from Cleveland, Pittsburgh, and Toledo U. S. Weather Bureau stations.

       b. Winds aloft observations for 22 through 25 Nov 1960 from
          Toledo, Ohio. No observations were taken on the 21 Nov 1960.

       c. Radiosonde adiabatic charts for 21 through 25 Nov 1960
          from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

3.    Surface data for Akron, Ohio were forwarded in the shipment
       on 24 Mar 1961.

FOR THE DIRECTOR

[Signature]
PALLAS L. TYE, JR.
Capt., USAF
Administrative Officer

1 Atch
Sfc & U/A data


- page 8 -

VIA AIRMAIL

DATA PROCESSING DIVISION
CLIMATIC CENTER, USAF
Air Weather Service (MATS)
Asheville, North Carolina

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: CODFD/HOO

SUBJECT: WBAN-31 Adiabatic Charts for Pittsburgh                4 Apr 1961

TO: Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
     ATTN: AFCIN A52X
     Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Reference: Your telephone call 31 Mar 1961.

2. We are inclosing photocopies of adiabatic charts from Pittsburgh for 21 through 25 Nov 1960. We regret the oversight in our shipment 27 Mar 1961.

FOR THE DIRECTOR

[Signature of] JAMES R. DESOUTER
             Chief, Data Processing Div.

1 Atch
WBAN-31 f/Pittsburgh


- page 9 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2½ Day   1   Month   61   Year

2. Time of day: 11   25   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern   (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Central                   b. Standard
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted address]   Akron   14   Ohio   Summit   Co.
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or Country

5. How long was object in sight?   20   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright            a. Bright
b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy   Partly Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
b. In back of you    e. Overhead
c. To your right     f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164
FEB 60 164   This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? Yes But Different color
(Reddish Orange)

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No

e. Binoculars       Yes   No
f. Telescope        Yes   No
g. Theodolite       Yes   No
h. Other: Out Side Eye know


- page 11 -

Akron Ohio
21 January 1961

On 21 Jan 61, several witnesses in the Akron, Ohio area reported seeing an unidentified massive flying object. The information from the witnesses was generally consistent; the object being sighted between 2230 and 2300; appearing as a red-orange object just north of west and on the horizon. The object was further described by the witnesses as appearing as a circle or plate with the top off and opposed to be 10 to larger then the moon. The sighting was reported to have lasted 10 to 15 minutes.

On 21 Jan 61 official moonset at Akron was 2304. This time, of course, will deviate due to topographical conditions, manmade structures and the vantage point of the observers. However these deviations will be small. The moon was approaching the first quarter and only 23% of the surface visible from the earth was illuminated.

When the moon is just rising or setting, it often assumes an elliptical shape with the longer diameter parallel to the horizon. This is caused by atmospheric refraction raising the lower edge more than the upper and therefore apparently shortening the diameter perpendicular to the horizon. If there are several layers of discontinuity in the atmosphere, the distortion will be even more pronounced. In the Akron sighting the fact that the moon already was irregularly shaped, due to the approach of the first quarter, added to the effect created by the refraction. This is probably the reason the witnesses did not recognize the object for what it was and reported the top as flat or "cut off".

On 21 Jan 61 at 2258 the weather at Akron-Canton Airport was a 2,000 foot overcast, composed of stratiform clouds, the visibility was 7 miles, and the temperature was 7 degrees Fahrenheit.

It is the Air Force conclusion that the witnesses object viewed by the witnesses in Akron, Ohio on 21 Jan 61 was the setting moon distorted by atmospheric refraction. This conclusion is substantiated by the facts that the moon was located just north of west at the time of the sighting on 21 Jan 61, the direction reported for the UFO by the witnesses. The sightings occurred at the approximate time of moonset with none occurring after 2305 which is only ONE minute after the official moonset time for Akron,Ohio on 21 January 1961.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: None
    b. Color: Red-fish Orange (Bright white with frost) aged)

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                 b. Like a bright arc
                 c. Sharply outlined more or less
                 d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
    Only one.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[Handwritten notes and sketch showing motion of object with color descriptions: Reddish Orange, Bright, Dark]

The bright light here would disappear when the object turned up on its side
The bright portions would become darker (closest to none) (more much)

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
30 or 40 FT.

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[No written response]

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? YES
IT Came Forward Then jose Reversed, & vanished out of sight

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[No written response]


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
watching T.V. MY WIFE TOLD ME.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North________degrees.
b. From horizon________degrees.

12 degrees North of due West

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North________degrees.
b. From horizon________degrees.

3 seen


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
2/1     George POPWICH     11:05 6    11:25

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes    No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes    No

36.2 Please list their names and address
[Blacked out text]
AKRON 14, OHIO

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes    No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
THANKSGIVING NIGHT AT 11:05 PM NIGHT
SAME AS ABOVE

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Have no idea.

Page 7 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 17 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
(Please Print)

SIGNATURE: [Blank]

DATE: [Blank]

(Do Not Write In This Space)
CODE:

Page 9


- page 18 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?: [blank]

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?: 200 to 300 FT.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] AKRON 14 OHIO
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]

Age: 46   Sex: Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.: [blank]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 23   3   61
Witnessed: [redacted]

Page 8


- page 19 -

SLIDES
JAN. 21, 1961
AKRON, OHIO
OBSERVER: PULLAM
FILE # 1003573
Retained in File
1975


- page 20 -

AKRON, OHIO
21 Jan 61
CASE INCLUDES
18 ADIABATIC CHARTS
35 COLOR SLIDES (in
separate folder)


- page 21 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be a very low-quality, heavily degraded document with a grid-like structure. The text is almost entirely illegible due to the poor scan quality, heavy pixelation, and dark background. While there are clearly rows and columns suggesting this is some kind of data or log sheet, I cannot confidently transcribe any specific text from this image.


- page 22 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

MEMORANDUM

MEMORANDUM:

Forwarded a copy of this ATIC evaluation to
SAFLL (L/C Poe) 21 April 1961.

WTC


- page 23 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be a very low-quality, heavily degraded document with a grid-like structure. Most of the text is illegible due to the poor scan quality, heavy shadows, and blurring. While there are clearly rows and columns of text, I cannot confidently transcribe any specific words or characters from this image.


- page 24 -

The image appears to be a grid or chart with numerous lines and intersecting points. Most of the text is too small and blurry to read clearly. The document looks like a technical or data-driven page with a grid-like structure covering most of the page. The image quality is low, with significant graininess and dark edges, making detailed text recognition difficult.


- page 25 -

I apologize, but the text on this page is largely illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. The image appears to be a grid or table-like document with many rows and columns, but the text is too blurry and faint to be accurately transcribed.


- page 26 -

The image appears to be a detailed grid or chart with numerous rows and columns. The text is extremely small and mostly illegible due to the low resolution and high contrast of the black and white scan. The document seems to be a data sheet or log with a complex grid-like structure, but I cannot confidently read the specific text or numbers within the grid.


- page 27 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the poor quality and low contrast of the scanned document. The image appears to be a form or table with many grid lines and boxes, but the text within those boxes cannot be clearly read. The document seems to be a dense, structured form with multiple sections and rows, but the specific details are not discernible.


- page 28 -

The image appears to be a scanned document with a dense grid or table format. Most of the text is too small and blurry to read clearly. The document looks like a detailed record or log sheet with numerous rows and columns. The image is in black and white and appears to be an old, somewhat degraded document scan.


- page 29 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be a very low quality, faded, and blurry scanned document where most of the text is illegible. While there are clear grid-like structures and text boxes, the actual text cannot be reliably read or transcribed due to the poor image quality.


- page 30 -

The image appears to be a grid or chart with very fine lines and markings. Most of the text is too small and illegible to read clearly. The document seems to be a detailed data sheet or graph with numerous rows and columns, but the specific content cannot be discerned due to the low resolution and small text size.


- page 31 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the poor quality and low contrast of the scanned document. The image appears to be a dense grid or table with many rows and columns, but the specific text within the cells cannot be clearly read.


- page 32 -

The image appears to be a heavily gridded document page with very faint and mostly illegible text. The page is filled with a grid pattern and the text is so blurry and low contrast that I cannot confidently read or transcribe any specific words or sentences. The document looks like an old, scanned black and white page with significant image degradation.


- page 33 -

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATIN OFF: AFCIN-4B

13 APR 1961

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting (Akron, Ohio, 21 January 1961)

TO: SAFOI-34 (Major Coleman)

1. During March 1961 your office forwarded a tape recording to ATIC which was prepared by Mr. of Akron, Ohio, concerning the subject of Unidentified Flying Objects. The tape contained specific information about a sighting which occurred in Akron, Ohio, on the night of 21 January 1961. Mr. forwarded a copy of this tape to the President of the United States and also to several members of Congress. This case was not brought to the attention of the Air Force except through Mr. The tape recording which reached ATIC on 14 March 1961.

2. On 21 March 1961 two officers were dispatched from ATIC to Akron for the purpose of investigating the 21 January 1961 UFO sighting. From the date collected by the investigators it was determined that the UFO sighting resulted from the misidentification of the setting moon due to atmospheric refraction.

3. The Air Force investigators interviewed Mr. whose account of the sighting is on the tape recording. Mr. was contacted and his typed accounts of the sighting by Mr. and Mrs. and her eleven years old daughter, Mr. and Mrs. and Mr. and Mr. were run over for the investigators. The information from the witnesses was generally consistent; the object being sighted between 2230 and 2300, appearing as a red-orange object just to the north of west and very low on the horizon. The object was further described by all witnesses as appearing like a circle or plate with the top cut off and approximately five times the size of the moon. The sighting was reported to have lasted approximately fifteen minutes.

4. On 21 January 1961 at 2258 the weather at the Akron-Canton Airport was a 2000 foot overcast composed of stratocumulus, the visibility was 7 miles, and the temperature was 17°. The witnesses stated that in Akron it was partly cloudy rather than overcast; however, the most significant point is the presence of stratiform clouds which are indicative of stable conditions (inversions). Inversions increase the index of refraction of the atmosphere.

5. On 21 January 1961 official moonset at Akron was 2304. This time, of course, can deviate due to topographical conditions, manmade structures and the vantage point of the observer; however, these deviations are


- page 34 -

The image appears to be a complex grid or chart document, with most of the text being too faint or blurry to read clearly. The document looks like an old black and white scanned page with a grid-like structure covering most of its surface. The edges and margins of the page are dark and somewhat degraded. While text is present, the resolution and contrast make most of it illegible from this scan.


- page 35 -

The image appears to be a scanned document with a grid-like layout, but the text is largely illegible due to poor image quality, scanning artifacts, and low contrast. While there are clearly rows and columns of text, I cannot confidently transcribe the specific words or characters. The document seems to be a form or data sheet of some kind, but the details are not clear enough to read accurately.


- page 36 -

The image appears to be a heavily degraded document with a grid-like structure. Most of the text is illegible due to the poor quality of the scan. The document seems to be a form or chart with multiple rows and columns, but the specific details cannot be discerned from this image.


- page 37 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be a heavily gridded document with very low legibility. Most of the text is too blurry and faint to be accurately transcribed. The document seems to be a form or chart with a grid pattern, but the specific details and text are not clear enough to read with confidence.


- page 38 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the low contrast and poor quality of the scanned document. The image appears to be a grid or table-like document with many small boxes and lines, but the specific text within those boxes cannot be clearly read.


- page 39 -

The image appears to be a complex grid or chart with numerous small squares and lines. The document is a black and white scanned page with two oval-shaped holes at the top, suggesting it was stored in a binder or file. The grid is very dense and covers almost the entire page, with varying line thicknesses and some diagonal lines crossing through the grid. Due to the low contrast and image quality, most of the text within the grid cells is illegible.


- page 40 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the poor quality and low contrast of the scanned document. The image appears to be a dense grid or table-like document with multiple rows and columns, but the specific text cannot be clearly read or transcribed.


- page 41 -

The image appears to be a scanned document with a dense grid-like layout, typical of a data form or report sheet. However, due to the low resolution and poor image quality, most of the text is illegible. The document seems to be a form with multiple columns and rows, but the specific content cannot be clearly read.


- page 42 -

The image appears to be a heavily degraded document with a grid-like pattern. Most of the text is illegible due to the poor quality of the scan and the document's condition. The page seems to be a form or table with multiple rows and columns, but the specific details and text cannot be clearly read.


- page 43 -

U. S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE   WEATHER BUREAU
SURFACE WEATHER OBSERVATIONS
STATION AKRON, OHIO   AKRON-CANTON AIRPORT   DATE 24 JAN 1961   (FRIDAY)

[The rest of the text is too faint or blurry to be reliably read with complete certainty. The document appears to be a detailed weather observation log with multiple columns of data, but the specific entries are not clearly legible.]


- page 44 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

usually small. The moon was approaching its first quarter and only 23%
of the surface visible from the earth was illuminated. The semidiameter
on this date was 15' 58.85".

6. When a ray of light consisting of vibrations of the same wave length
(monochromatic light) passes from a rarer medium such as air to a denser
medium such as glass, the ray is bent toward the perpendicular to the
surface separating them. When the ray passes from a denser to a rarer
medium, it is bent away from a similar perpendicular. This bending of
the ray is called refraction. Light of different wave lengths is refracted
differently under the same conditions, the shorter the wave length the
greater the refraction. Thus, since red light has a longer wave length
than yellow, it is refracted less and will light is refracted less than
blue light and so on. If a ray of light should, therefore, be composed of
each of these colors (polychromatic), the effect of passing from a denser
to a rarer medium would be to distribute the light into its various colors.
This decomposition of a ray of light into its constituent colors is called
dispersion. In this instance the atmosphere we do not have any different
mediums but different densities of the same medium occurring in an infinite
number of layers resulting in a curved path rather than one bend as when
the one separating surface is clearly defined. As we increase our altitude
the atmosphere becomes less dense, and as a result we have refraction.
However, on certain occasions we have an increase in temperature with altitude (inversion) which increases the rate of change of density with
altitude and therefore increases the index of refraction.

7. When the moon is just rising or setting it often assumes an elliptical
shape with the longer diameter parallel to the horizon. This is caused by
the refraction raising the lower edge more than the upper and therefore
apparently shortening the diameter perpendicular to the horizon. In the
Akron sighting the fact that the moon already was irregularly shaped, due
to the approach of the first quarter, added to the effects created by the
refraction. This is probably what caused the witnesses to report that the
top of the object appeared flat or cut off on top. It is not unusual to
experience the illusion that the moon is larger when it is rising or setting.
This illusion results from being able to compare its width object of known
size when it is near the horizon.

8. It is concluded by ATIC that the object viewed by the witnesses in
Akron, Ohio, on 21 January 1961 was the setting moon distorted by atmospheric refraction. The apparently irregular shape, apparently greater
size, and possibly weather conditions probably contributed to the identification. This conclusion is substantiated by the facts that the moon
was located just north of west on 21 January 1961 the direction reported
for the UFO and all of the sightings occurred at the approximate time of
moonset with none occurring after 2305 which is only one minute after the
official moonset time for Akron, Ohio, on 21 January 1961.

2


- page 45 -

I apologize, but the text in this image is not legible. The document appears to be a grid or table-like document with multiple rows and columns, but the text within the cells is too blurry and faded to be read accurately. The image looks like an old, low-contrast black and white scanned document with significant degradation.


- page 46 -

SURFACE WEATHER OBSERVATIONS
STATION AKRON, OHIO   LOCATION AKRON-CANTON AIRPORT   DATE 12 SEPT   DAY FRIDAY

The rest of the text is too small and illegible to accurately transcribe. The document appears to be a detailed weather observation log with multiple rows and columns of data, typical of meteorological record-keeping from that era.


- page 47 -

The image appears to be a form or log sheet with multiple rows and columns. However, due to the low contrast and image quality, most of the text is illegible. The header seems to read "SUMMARY OF DAY OR MIDNIGHT TO MIDNIGHT" but beyond that, I cannot confidently transcribe the specific text on the page.


- page 48 -

The image appears to be a scanned document with a grid-like layout, typical of a data or log sheet. However, due to the poor image quality and low contrast, most of the text is illegible. I can make out some fragments of text, but cannot confidently reproduce full lines or entries. There is a hole punch mark on the left side of the document, and the page appears to be from an old black and white document with significant degradation and graininess.


- page 49 -

Most of the text in this image is illegible due to poor image quality and scanning. The document appears to be a table or form with multiple rows and columns, but the specific text cannot be clearly read. There is a hole punch mark on the right side of the document, and the image is a black and white scanned document with significant degradation and blurriness.


- page 50 -

STATION AKRON, OHIO   AKRON-CANTON AIRPORT   JANUARY 24, 1961   SATURDAY

[The rest of the text appears to be in a tabular format but is largely illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. The text is too blurry and faded to accurately transcribe the contents of the rows and columns.]


- page 51 -

DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE WEATHER BUREAU
SURFACE WEATHER OBSERVATIONS
STATION AKRON, OHIO AKRON-CANTON AIRPORT     JAN 21, 1961 SATURDAY

The rest of the text is too small and blurry to reliably OCR. The document appears to be a detailed weather observation log with multiple columns and rows of data, but the specific entries are not clearly legible.


- page 52 -

Most of the text in this document is illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned image. The document appears to be a form or table with rows and columns, but the specific text cannot be clearly read. There is a hole punch mark on the left side of the document, and the image is a black and white scan with significant graininess and low contrast.


- page 53 -

SURFACE WEATHER OBSERVATIONS
STATION: AKRON, OHIO     NATIONAL WEATHER LIBRARY     24 SEP 1961  SUNDAY

[The rest of the text is too illegible to confidently transcribe. The document appears to be a detailed weather observation log with multiple columns of data, but the specific details are not clearly readable due to the image quality.]


- page 54 -

The text in this image is illegible. The document appears to be a grid or table-like form with many small squares, but the text within those squares cannot be clearly read due to the poor image quality and high contrast black and white scanning.


- page 55 -

9. It is requested that you pass this information to SAFIL for forwarding to Mr. Robert Smart, House Armed Services Sub-Committee.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

3


- page 56 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE WEATHER BUREAU
SURFACE WEATHER OBSERVATIONS
STATION AKRON, OHIO CANTON/AKRON AIRPORT   DATE JAN 24 1961   SUNDAY

The rest of the document appears to be a detailed weather observation table with various columns and rows of numerical data, but the specific numbers are too blurry to confidently transcribe without potential errors. The document looks like a standard meteorological recording sheet with multiple data points across different time periods.


- page 57 -

Most of the text in this image is too illegible to read clearly. The document appears to be a form or log sheet with multiple rows and columns, typical of a data recording document from the 1960s. There is a header that seems to say "SUMMARY OF DAY" but the rest of the text is blurry and cannot be confidently transcribed.


- page 58 -

The image appears to be a grid or graph paper with numerous lines and markings. However, the text is too illegible to accurately transcribe. The document seems to be a detailed chart or data sheet with complex gridlines and annotations, but the specific details cannot be clearly read due to the low contrast and image quality.


- page 59 -

Much of the text on this page is illegible due to the poor quality and low contrast of the scanned document. The image appears to be a data sheet or form with a grid-like structure, but the specific text and details cannot be clearly read.


- page 60 -

The image appears to be a grid or graph paper document with very faint and mostly illegible text and markings. The document is a black and white scanned page with a grid pattern covering most of the surface. Due to the low contrast and image quality, most of the text and grid lines are extremely difficult to read with certainty.


- page 61 -

The image appears to be a scanned document with a complex grid or table layout. However, due to the low contrast and image quality, most of the text is illegible. The document seems to be a form or data sheet with multiple rows and columns, but I cannot make out specific words or numbers with confidence.


- page 62 -

AFCIN-NE/Maj Friend/rv/69216

UFO Sighting (Akron, Ohio, 21 January 1961)                    13 APR 1961

SAFOI-3A (Major Coleman)

1. During March 1961 your office forwarded a tape recording to ATIC which was prepared by Mr. [redacted] of Akron, Ohio, concerning the subject of Unidentified Flying Objects. The tape contained specific information about a sighting which occurred in Akron, Ohio, on the night of 21 January 1961. A copy of this tape to the President of the United States and also to several members of Congress. This case was not brought to the attention of the Air Force except through Mr. [redacted] tape recording which reached ATIC on 14 March 1961.

2. On 21 March 1961 two officers were dispatched from ATIC to Akron for the purpose of investigating the 21 January 1961 UFO sighting. From the data collected by the investigators it was determined that the UFO sighting resulted from the misidentification of the setting moon due to atmospheric refraction.

3. The Air Force investigators interviewed Mr. [redacted] whose account of the sighting is on the tape recording. Mr. [redacted] was contacted and his taped accounts of the sighting by Mr. and Mrs. [redacted], Mr. [redacted] and Mr. [redacted] were run off for the investigators. The information from the witnesses was generally consistent; the object being sighted between 2230 and 2300, appearing as a red-orange object just to the north of west and very low on the horizon. The object was further described by all witnesses as emerging like a circle or plate with the top cut off and approximately five times the size of the moon. The sighting was reported to have lasted approximately fifteen minutes.

4. On 21 January 1961 at 2258 the weather at the Akron-Canton Airport was a 2000 foot overcast, obscuring clouds, the visibility was 7 miles, and the temperature was 17°. The witnesses stated that in addition to the partially cloudy night, there was a significant point the presence of stratiform clouds which are indicative of stable conditions (inversions). Inversions increase the index of refraction of the atmosphere.

5. On 21 January 1961 official moonset at Akron was 230h. This time, of course, can deviate due to topographical conditions, manmade structures and the rawinsonde point of the observer; however, these deviations are


- page 63 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

usually small. The moon was approaching its first quarter and only 23%
of the surface visible from the earth was illuminated. The semiclameter
on this date was 15' 58.85".

6. When a ray of light consisting of vibrations of the same wave length
(monochromatic light) passes from a rarer medium such as air to a denser
medium such as glass, the ray is bent toward the perpendicular to the
surface separating them. When the ray passes from a denser to a rarer
medium, it is bent away from a similar perpendicular. This bending of
the ray is called refraction. Light of different wave lengths is refracted
differently, under the same conditions, the shorter the wave length the
greater the refraction. Thus, since red light has a longer wave length
than yellow, it is refracted less and yellow light is refracted less than
blue light and so on. If a ray of light should, therefore, be composed of
such of one colors (polychromatic), the effect of passing from a denser
to a rarer medium would be to distribute the light into its various colors.
This decomposition of a ray of light into its constituent colors is called
dispersion. In the instance of the atmosphere we do not have different
mediums but different densities of the same medium occurring in an infinite
number of layers resulting in a curved path rather than one bend as when
the one separating surface is clearly defined. As we increase our altitude
the atmospheric becomes less dense, and as a result we have refraction.
However, on certain occasions we have an increase in temperature with altitude (inversion) which increases the rate of change of density with
altitude and therefore increases the index of refraction.

7. When the moon is just rising or setting it often assumes an elliptical
shape with the longer diameter parallel to the horizon. This is caused by
the refraction raising the lower edge more than the upper and therefore
apparently shortening the diameter perpendicular to the horizon. In the
Akron sighting this fact was noted very clearly. When the moon approached
to the approach of the first quarter, added to the effects created by the
refraction, this is possibly what caused the witnesses to report that the
top of the object appeared flat or cut off on top. It is not unusual to
experience the illusion that the moon in larger when it is rising or setting.
This illusion results from being able to compare it with objects of known
size when it is near the horizon.

8. It is concluded by ATIC that the object viewed by the witnesses in
Akron, Ohio, on 21 January 1961 was the setting moon distorted by spherical refraction. The apparently irregular shape, apparently greater
size, and possibly weather conditions probably contributed to the misidentification. This conclusion is substantiated by the facts that the moon
was located just back of west on 21 January 1961, the afternoon reported
for the UFO and all of the sightings occurred at the approximate time of
moonset which occurred after 2305 which is only one minute after the
official moonset time for Akron, Ohio, on 21 January 1961.

2


- page 64 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

TASK ACTIVITY REPORT

UFO Sighting

Capts R. T. Smith
E. J. Wolf

4 Apr 61

Comment: On 21 March 61, Captains Robert T. Smith and Earl J. Wolf, Jr. traveled to Akron, Ohio, to check on reported UFO sighting.

The first task upon arrival in Akron was to locate the Pulliam family who had reported a Phenomena Sighting the night of 21 January 61. The information was obtained by going to the city's newspaper, the Akron Beacon Journal, which specializes in the reporting of spectacular controversial incidents, and then researching the desired reports in the paper's file library.

The newspaper issues of 26 and 31 January 61 carried articles relative to the "Pulliam Sighting" of 21 Jan 61. Two of the articles reported the reaction of city (Akron) officials relative to the report.

The family reporting the incident was identified as the Pulliam family, located on the North edge of Lake Nesmith, a very small lake (pond) situated in the South Industrial section of the city of Akron.

Before making contact with the Pulliam Family, we inspected the whole area of Lake Nesmith (pond) thoroughly, making complete photo coverage while doing so. Also, we secured lodging in a motel, located on the South side of Lake Nesmith, almost directly across from the residence.

Established contact with the Pulliam on 22 March and arranged for an interview later on in the day. Mr. 17 years old, and his oldest son were quite cooperative. A little apprehensive during the interview due to the fact that Mr. was not present. We assured Mr. that before we departed the city we would get in touch with Mr. After that, the interview went somewhat more smoothly.

The interview was recorded on tape and in general went along with a previous tape recording of the incident made by Mr. However, one major discrepancy was that during the interview Mr. stated that he and his entire family went outside of the house together and observed "The Object". This partially contradicts the base tape inside the house and other references.

ATIC Form 46a (This form supersedes ATIC Test Form 46a, Jun 60, which is obsolete.)


- page 65 -

