This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, containing various form fields to document a UFO sighting observation.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. CASE
2. DATE-TIME GROUP
3. LOCATION
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
5. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT(S)
6. COURSE
7. COMMENTS
8. CONCLUSION

- page 1 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official document or report.

HEADQUARTERS
CHANUTE TECHNICAL TRAINING CENTER (ATC)
CHANUTE AIR FORCE BASE, ILLINOIS
REPLY TO
ATTN OF:
ODD
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting
TO: ATIC 
Wright-Patterson AFB
OHIO
THE ATTACHED REPORT OF UFO SIGHTING IS SUBMITTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH ATR 200-2, PART 12.
FOR THE COMMANDER:

1 Atch
UFO Report

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text only.

DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT
OBSERVER -
(1)
(2) 
(3)
(4)
(5) 
(6)  
(7)
(8)
(9) 

II.  DESCRIPTION OF COURSE
Car was driving west toward Monticello, Ill.  attention was drawn by first observer.  

Third observer: It was over to the left approx. Rather dim.  

(3)  First observer: Stayed in same relative position.  
Second observer: Moved up more nearly overhead in some places.  
Third observer: Remained right in same place.

(4)  First observer: Third light joined other two lights. Lights were stationary.

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the image provided. The image shows a scanned page of text from a document, which appears to be a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Further to the light that a third observer said they faded out.
(1) First observer: The light just seemed to fade out.
(2) Second observer: They said it faded out.
(3) Third observer: All of a sudden they faded out.
(1) First observer: Three minutes 
(2) Second observer: One and a half minutes
(3) Third observer: One to two minutes
C. Manner of Observation
(1) Ground: Vehicle
(2) No optics used
(3) N/A
D. Time and date of sighting
(1) 8/44 '
(2) Night
E. Location of observers
Approximately four miles west of Monticello, Illinois. Six miles southwest of University Airport. Observed by civilians.
F. DESCRIPTION OF OBSERVERS:
(1) Civilian, 
(2) Civilian, 
(3) Civilian, general cable TV control.
G. WEATHER AND WINDS
All three observers stated it was a clear night and the wind was calm.

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document. The page contains only text.

(4) 12
(3) 7/19
(2) CR 57-H, SR-3 RAYS SE OCT. LOG1C R-3
(1) ((9,000-9,000-1.55/1.000) (6,000-10,000-1.5°/1.000) (15,000-20,000-2.65/1.000))
(20,000-30,000-1.0°/1,000*)

H. sume

1. Reporting Officer, 2d Lt Frank W. Roush
2. Name, MARSHALL G. REINART, Captain, USAF, Officer
Investigative, Intelligence, Wright-Patterson. AF Base, Ohio 3.

There was a Comanche type jet aircraft inbound from South
which landed at the Rantoul-Urba na Airport, 2200Z.

The observer supervisor, maintenance officers course.
As the aircraft was making its final approach, the observer stated he saw 3 unexplained lights in the sky south of his position. He stated he was told to observe the aircraft and that he did not report the lights at the time. According to the conclusion, it was a transient Comanche aircraft, but the observer stated that he did see 3 unexplained lights in the sky at that time.
The possible landing lights on the Comanche are located out in the wings and it is quite possible that they were mistaken for the lights that the observer reported seeing. The observer indicated that he had difficulty keeping his position while requesting his position, that he had just put away his binoculars, and that the lights were quite bright. He stated he couldn't give any other details of the Comanche aircraft, as he was concentrating on the lights in the sky at the time.
The observer said that the car travelling south at 60 to 80 mph. The aircraft passed close overhead and the lights on the car were as bright as the lights in the sky. The observer said they couldn't be any other aircraft in the area at the time. The light was not blinking, no sound, and no exhaust was observed.
According to the report, the aircraft passed through the area and was gone in a matter of seconds. The observer passed to the rear and reported on the incident the following day as he realized at that time what he had observed.
It could not be determined if this was a verified sighting. We drew the conclusion that this was not a transient Comanche aircraft, but some unidentified flying object.

I. INK OF AREA INVOLVED:

MARSHALL G. REINART
Captain, USAF Officer
Investigative, Intelligence, Wright-Patterson AF Base, Ohio

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a map or diagram, but it does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

E of Monticello, Illinois
7/8/61
6:00 P.M.

- page 6 -

The image appears to be a map or diagram, but it does not contain any photographs. The document appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, as indicated in the context provided.

Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output all the text found in the document:

There is no visible text in the image provided. The image appears to be a map or diagram with grid patterns and lines, but does not contain any readable text.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document or report, containing handwritten text.

Channute Technical Training Center 
Rantoul, Illinois.

Dear sirs:

This is the information given to me.
On July 18, 1961 at about 10:30 P.M. in Monticello, Illinois, (Piatt County), my wife and I observed three bright lights in the sky traveling from east to west at a high rate of speed. The lights were about thirty to forty feet in diameter and were evenly spaced. They seemed to be rotating in a circular motion. They disappeared from our sight as they went over the horizon.

James of Persons
Husband and Wife

- page 8 -

