PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
Oct 1961

2. LOCATION
Danbury, Conn.

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local     1900
GMT       2400

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual   ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual      ☐ Air-Interceptor Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes   ☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 min.

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object described as round, pinkish-orange in color, glowing; observed by a boy and his father near Danbury, Conn. Object estimated to be 5-8' in diameter and was observed at a distance of approx 200'. Object was in sight approx 10 min. then simply disappeared. Younger witness had experienced seeing same phenomenon on another occasion.

11. COMMENTS
Phenomenon responsible for this sighting was probably "ball lightning". According to a paper on ball lightning by Swedish scientist, dated 12 Sept 51, this phenomenon can exist in the size described by the Conn. witnesses and may appear reddish in color. Dissipation of lightning may come due to a change of temperature. If the change is sudden and extreme an explosion may occur. If cooling occurs on one side or the other a mechanical

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☒ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

OVER


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One) a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

[Handwritten note: pink and faint dimly glowing]

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
[Handwritten note: No, it wasn't bright but rather glaring]

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still and any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other: No


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Unusual at any time
b. Color: Pinkish red

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Handwritten notes next to a rough sketch]: There were no definite edges to it. In other words at 15 degrees there was no definite border because the entire thing was somewhat blurred, including edges.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred !! b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ONLY ONE
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

NO MOTION AT ALL

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
ABOUT 3 FT IN DIAMETER

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
I HAVE NO IDEA.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
AT THE TIME, WE WERE IN OUR CAR. WE WERE ATTEMPTING FROM OUTSIDE OF THE CAR TO WATCH IT. WE COULD NOT FOLLOW IT VERY LONG. AFTER ABOUT 20 SECONDS WE LOST SIGHT OF IT. THEN SHORTLY WE NEVER SAW IT AGAIN.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. THIS THING CANNOT BE COMPARED WITH ANYTHING THAT I KNOW BECAUSE IT APPEARED SO STRANGE. IT WAS GLOWING, ALMOST PERFECTLY ROUND OBJECT. WE HAD A TINGE -RED OR PINK-RED COLOR. IT WAS MODERATELY BRIGHT AND ABOUT 6-10 FEET IN DIAMETER. IT APPEARED TO BE A MYSTERIOUS FORM OF SOME GAS.

Page 4 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text that appears to read: "was on an old dirt road looking for an turn off. In order to make our turn we glanced up and saw this large object about 20 feet behind the car. My sister told me to get out of the car just and could then etc"]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
c. East
b. Northeast
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One) NO IDEA
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North____________degrees.
b. From horizon____________degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North____________degrees.
b. From horizon____________degrees.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place on "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place on "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and on "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
TO NO ONE EXCEPT YOU

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses: MR. (SON) (FATHER)

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Partially illegible handwritten text]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Partially illegible handwritten text]

Page 7 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 7 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? (partially illegible)

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 20 ft.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]

ADDRESS: [redacted]

TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]

Age: 17   Sex: M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent:
in junior in High School

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 27   JAN   62
                                           Day   Month  Year


- page 8 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use
the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-
peat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments,
statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observa-
tion in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached
if they are needed.

NAME:                                                                  (Do Not Write in This Space)
                                                                        CODE:

SIGNATURE:

DATE:

[The rest of the handwritten text is too faint/illegible to confidently transcribe]


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Page 10]

the ground, and slowly glowing. They told
me some occurred as they got out of the
car, and to a little more for a better
look the external method was eye-
plantation and we both colorwith sente
to it. He told me to back up the we
and make the turn. The wind seems
that we would have to back up it under
it. while we did so we backed
up as we were in the light. with
the reason why is because this is
the 2nd time I have seen this they met
with the evidence of a point and may
be this is what is open is
slightly limited again.

Note: Some words are difficult to read with complete certainty, so the transcription may have minor inaccuracies.


- page 10 -

reaction may result which could cause
a rapid movement of the sphere. This
motion will not necessarily be with
the wind, but will be away from the
side which is cooled.


- page 11 -

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Your recent letter addressed to the Air Force Chief of Staff concerning unidentified flying objects has been referred to this office for reply.

Your letter is which you described the objects seen by you, your friend and your father has been thoroughly studied. However, additional information will be required in order for us to attempt an analysis. I have enclosed two questionnaires for you and your father to complete and forward in the enclosed pre-addressed envelope. In answering the questions, please refer only to your last incident, the one you and your father witnessed.

Your interest in this matter is appreciated.

Sincerely,
WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
Project Investigations Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Distribution:
SAFOI-3e Reader
SAFOI-1
AFCCS


- page 12 -

Sunday, November 26, 1961.

General Curtis LeMay
Chief of Staff
U.S. Air Force
Washington D.C.

Dear Sir,

I am 17 years old, and I wish you could help me out or give me a logical explanation for possibly the strangest thing I have ever seen.

About noon on November day last year just before a large storm that hit our area, I was walking outside my home with a friend of mine at about 6 p.m. This occurred just outside my home, as we both got out in the middle of the road in front of my house. My friend looked up and saw an object in the sky, as I looked the object was about 10 feet in diameter having an orange-red color. This was perfectly round on the edges. This object was slowly moving and didn't appear to be a solid. It had no definite border. By that I mean it had no defined form of where you would say this still is. As I looked at it, the edges were blurred, although the entire object was almost entirely round, as we looked at it, it was approximately 30 feet high, straight above us as we stood there. We both actually saw this object. We saw it move at a slow speed. As it came down it swelled to about 15 feet in diameter. Then closest I can come to describe it is that at that point it wasn't interested in it anymore and we both ran hysterically to my house. Some tell me I was just dreaming, but my parents were at the other end of the house so they didn't get to the door. I made a frantic attempt to get my mother. I was running around the kitchen. I was about to enter the kitchen when my friend across the room at the front door saw something. She still remained at the front door. Then I got to the front door to let her in. I saw her turn white from excitement. She told me that while I was running around the kitchen she saw something that seemed to walk as she went out from the door step she said she saw it move into the kitchen. Then about the size of the moon or a little smaller. Then she said it changed color to a yellow-white and started down about 15 feet in diameter. As we both were very scared we told my parents the story, and they told us that we were dreaming. That was the end of the first sighting.


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Partial text at top of page is slightly illegible due to black redaction]

...myself (...son) were going to visit a gentleman in Norwich, Conn. On a business matter. We were right off U.S. 37 on the parkway parallel to U.S. 7 which goes to Danbury, Conn. It was about 7 P.M. (A) about after dark. We were lost and my wife told me to stop and ask the operator (?) of the gas station for directions. The man told us to take the parkway to U.S. 7 and then to Danbury. My father told me to get out of the car and guide him for a turn. As I got out and looked in the car (?) for a moment I got scared. The strange object I saw was about 20 feet behind the car, 25 feet above the ground and about 10 feet in diameter.

Third look: I just two steps back into our car - so fast that my father thought that I was scared. This was not true. I was petrified. I just stood there and looked at it. We both were standing just stood there in mid-air and didn't do a thing. "both were standing there for at least 10 minutes studying." He said, "My father not make sense as I was started to approach it. He got within about 10 feet of it and then just stood there for a second and then back to car. At first he wasn't sure what to say, but then he said "it is probably a phenomenon that happens once in a while when it is unexplainable. I returned back to the car and told him it. Look up the few hundred yards and make the proper turn of the road. This would mean that I would have to back up right under this thing. First I hesitated but then I called myself together and said "well what's the difference anyway" - As I passed under it and then passed it, it was a very tense moment for us. As we looked up after we had passed it, there was no trace of the object left. This was the last we saw of it.

Description of Object Seen:
1) No noise from object.
2) No fumes or any objects came from it.
3) In the first sighting it had the capacity to change colors.
4) Tailed immediately after first sighting.
5) It definitely was dirty glowing.
6) It had no definite border or edges to it.
7) It was almost perfectly round.
8) It didn't appear to be a solid, but rather a form of gas.
9) At the first sighting it had the capability to move in any direction at fast speeds.

Dear Sir, it is our hope that you look into this and possibly give us a logical explanation for these sightings. The thought of seeing it has kept my friend and me up many nights, and it has kept my father in a complete fog about what it could be.


- page 14 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[First paragraph partially illegible]
to tell you that I ... seen this thing before ... life.
once with a friend ... other time with my father. I would give never
if I some word why ... these sightings, because you wouldn't think to
much of my letter. I write to you only because I have ample evidence of my
sighting and I think it might help you to know that these sightings are real.

I was thinking that maybe you have heard of such articular sightings and could lessen our fears by telling us that you have.

We would all be greatly honored to hear of any explanation that you might have or theories on this subject.

Very truly yours,

[Signature and address are blacked out]


- page 15 -

THIS IS AN APPROXIMATE DIAGRAM OF THE OBJECT SEEN AT BOTH TIMES

The text is located at the top of the page, and the rest of the page contains a large circular diagram or sketch with some faint markings inside the circle. The image appears to be a black and white document with varying shades of gray.


- page 16 -

February 23,1962

Dear Major Coleman, Jr.

I am sorry on the delay of answering your question sheet on this matter. Due to a prolonged tour of my father this could not have been completed before this time. We both and myself have answered these question sheets as carefully as possible. We have both decided on some minor changes which you will find on these sheets.

We are still very interested in this matter and would be very grateful on hearing of any opinions you might have on this subject.

During the elapsed period of time I have somehow misplaced your enclosed envelope. Would it be possible for your office to forward it?

Very truly yours,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 17 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
? OCT 1961

2. Time of day: 7 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One):
a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
NORWALK CONN
Nearest Postal Address
Additional remarks: RIGHT OFF OF WILSON RD. NEAR PKWY.

5. How long was object in sight? 10 Minutes

5.1 How was time in sight determined:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright            a. Bright
b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
               b. In back of you
               c. To your right
               d. To your left
               e. Overhead
               f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD JUL 61 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, Feb 60, which is obsolete.


- page 18 -

