PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
13 Jun 61

2. LOCATION
Westboro, Massachusetts

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local - 2145

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual
□ Air-Visual

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20-30 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
Varied

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Red light moved back and forth about 20 deg elevation. It then object glowed orange. Like a brilliant searchlight shown from object and its rays pointed somewhat at a 45 deg angle were clearly visible.

11. COMMENTS
Pilot's path and speed indicate light possibly explained as a small aircraft. Witness stated that a small airport was located in the area of the sighting. Red lights assumed to be running lights. As plane turned toward witness it gave the impression of standing still. Only the lights were visible, looking to indicate that this was other than misinterpretation of aircraft sighting.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
■ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown


- page 1 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
Age: ______   Sex: _______

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
[Partially illegible handwritten text]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Blank fields for Day, Month, Year]

Page 3 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME [Redacted]
(Please Print)

SIGNATURE [Redacted]
DATE [Partially illegible, appears to be from 1961]

[Handwritten text below, partially legible due to image quality]:
On June 18th Saturday evening 1961, I went out... [rest of first line difficult to read clearly]
[Subsequent lines are partially legible with words and phrases visible but not fully transcribable due to handwriting and image resolution]


- page 3 -

The text on this page is partially illegible due to faint handwriting. The page appears to contain some handwritten text and a hand-drawn diagram with labeled points (Object 1, Object 2, etc.). The top of the page is marked as "Page 15" and there is a blacked-out section at the top of the document. The diagram seems to show some kind of trajectory or positioning of objects, but the full details are difficult to discern with certainty.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Handwritten at top: "Date"]
[Handwritten at top: "CR 16 June 61"]

11 August 1961

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Your letter of August 2nd addressed to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration has been referred to this office for investigation of unidentified flying objects in the responsibility of the Air Force as a military agency within the defense role of the Department of Defense.

In order to attempt an objective evaluation of your sighting we will need more information. I have enclosed an ATIC questionnaire which we would like for you to complete. You may return it in enclosed pre-addressed envelope.

Your interest in this subject is appreciated.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
UFO Project Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information

[Redacted address]
Westboro, Massachusetts


- page 5 -

Westboro, Mass.
August 5, 1961

[The rest of the text is partially illegible. Some words can be made out, but not the full content of the document.]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

...st around my vicinity with a
directly overhead. The... thing
remained stationary and using
brilliant lightning over in the
southwest. From 9 noticed an
object where ship was visible
able is the southeast, rather low on
the type of the woods. It had
reddish lights which occasionally
came into view. I was out
myself to think a light plane
should be out in such a threatening
storm and waited at many slow
to get 2 or 3 minutes before I had
tried 2 hard my plan motion.
the lights moved back and
forth and that not with up

Note: Some words are partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the document, so I have represented those with ellipses or partial transcriptions.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Note: Some words are difficult to read precisely, so I've transcribed as accurately as possible with some potential uncertainties]

[First line partially illegible]
...was too long
with a plane [something] just
was a light plane caught out in the
burning thunderstorm, but the back
story I argued (very small) is up to
side of time. The day did not really
surprise me more that [something] with
a hard account like that for an
engine being grounded and to have
flight acceleration and then the
sounds that at the [something] came
[word unclear] with the [words unclear] and
there a very brilliant light like
a gigantic searchlight down out.
Then this happened to enable it see
the other details, light etc. [last line partially illegible]
...not saw this too and we talked


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

...alant to oddly t... (partially illegible first line)

...decide to tell you people now -
(unclear) in Frank Edwards' book.
(unclear) other since. Our page 241
to tells of people in (unclear)

With Virginia who saw great eyes
rapid thing (in daylight) what had
...d + given light and supt + (unclear)
possibly long with contact. (unclear)
...d in April 1897 I have heard quite
...lot on U F O's and there are so
many reports, by reputable people,
such eyes in details that I feel
...at hard to discard of them.

Most Sincerely
(signature area blacked out)

Note: Some words and parts of sentences are illegible or partially cut off in the image.


- page 9 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give to the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Blank fields for Day, Month, Year]

2. Time of day:
[Blank fields for Hour, Minutes, A.M. or P.M.]

3. Time Zone: (Circle One)
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One)
a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Blank fields for Nearest Postal Address, City or Town, State or Country]

Additional remarks: [Partially illegible text]

5. How long was object in sight?
[Blank fields for Hours, Minutes, Seconds]

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY:
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

NIGHT:
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)
a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 15 OCT 54.


- page 10 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses  Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound
    b. Color

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially accurate traits or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or Blurred
               b. Like a bright star
               c. Sharply outlined
               d. Don't remember
               e. Other

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The text appears to be a questionnaire about a UFO sighting, with specific questions about the observed object's motion, size, and appearance.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Text in this section is partially illegible]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
c. East
e. South
g. West
b. Northeast
d. Southeast
f. Southwest
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
c. East
e. South
g. West
b. Northeast
d. Southeast
f. Southwest
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
c. East
e. South
g. West
b. Northeast
d. Southeast
f. Southwest
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.


- page 14 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 5


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

24. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)                    WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Clear sky                            a. Dry
b. Hazy                                 b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds                     c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds                d. Snow
                                         e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day             Month           Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted/blacked out text]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Blank space]


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day             Month           Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)   Yes    No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)   Yes    No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)   Yes    No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

Page 7 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 17 -

