PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 27 September 1962

2. LOCATION: Los Angeles, California

3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 28/0030Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual (checked)

5. PHOTOS: Yes (3x)

6. SOURCE: Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 6 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one

9. COURSE: East

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: White oval shape object observed to fly over mountains. Sun set but light still visible in WNW. Observer looking away from sun to North. Flight straight & smooth. Object size of dime. WX given as cloudless, temp 72 degrees. Estimated at 250 mph. Object did not seem self-luminous, dull finish, did not reflect light.

11. COMMENTS: Object did not reflect light, was not self luminous. Difficult to guess at source of light. Had dull finish. Was white. Moving at slow speed of 250 mph & disappeared over mountains in 6 seconds. Much contradicting information in letter. Request for additional info was sent to witness (UFO Fan) but no reply received. Based on duration & general appearance, possible meteor sighting. Case listed as insufficient data.

12. CONCLUSIONS: Boxes checked include "Insufficient Data for Evaluation"


- page 1 -

Flying Saucer Report

Beverly Hills, California
9/27/62

1. Time- 4:30 p.m., Duration- 6 seconds, Circumstances- sunset.

2. Location- Ridge (Trousdale Estates), Altitude- 10,000 feet above ground.

3. Appearance of saucer- oval shape and white in color.

4. Direction- facing North- saucer in North direction also.

5. Weather- no clouds, Temperature- 72°, Humidity- 55, Barometer reading- 30, Wind- 0, Haze- none.

6. Sun shining, but couldn't see it.

7. Saw saucer travel over mountain, then disappeared.

8. Apparent size of saucer- about a dime.

9. Motion- straight and smooth.

10. Estimate rate of motion- going about 250 miles per hour.

11. Did not seem self luminous.

12. Possess dull finish.

13. Did not reflect like mirror.

14. Did not seem transparent.

15. Observation- confirmed by parents and sister.

16. The saucer did not behave as I moved in various directions.

17. The saucer was not near sun or moon.

18. No halo around sun.

19. No columns in sight.

20. General remarks- looking at the sky, when suddenly appeared, and then disappeared behind mountain. I have done much research on flying saucers, and I would appreciate your opinion on this particular matter.


- page 2 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TD-3/Col Wynn
SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

2 October 1962

TO: HQ USAF
SAFOI-3b (Major Hart)
Wash 25 DC

1. Reference the attached letter from [redacted]. This requesting information on unidentified flying objects. This letter is forwarded to your office for whatever action you deem necessary.

2. It is suggested that Mr. [redacted] forwarded a copy of the DOD Fact Sheet, and that the USAF position in regard to "Flying Saucers" be explained.

3. Request that a questionnaire be forwarded in order that a more complete account of his sighting of 27 September 1962 be obtained. Also, information as to how his estimations of speed and altitude were determined would be helpful in a more complete analysis.

(Based upon the very limited information possessed in his letter, a tentative analysis would be a meteor sighting. Suggest Mr. [redacted] contact Mount Wilson or Palomar observatories in the Los Angeles area for a possible correlation with other meteor sightings.)

FOR THE COMMANDER

EDWARD H. WYNN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

1 Atch
Ltr fm[redacted] dtd
27 Sep 62

Our position: We are primarily interested in scientific and the "immediate threat" potential of an unidentified aerial phenomenon as it relates to our national security. Secondly, we are interested in the "long range threat potential" and thirdly we are interested in possible additional scientific knowledge to contribute to our investigation. That might result from our investigation.


- page 3 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

We are not interested in philosophical matters or Venetians that might be alleged to be flitting about in our atmosphere.

The rest of the document text is too illegible for me to confidently transcribe.


- page 4 -

27 SEPT 62

October 5, 1962

Dear M[illegible]:

The Air Force is primarily interested in the "immediate threat potential" of an Unidentified Aerial Phenomenon as it relates to our national security. Secondly, we are interested in the "long range threat potential", and third, we are interested in possible additional scientific knowledge to our space program that might result from an investigation in depth.

We are no interested in philosophical Martians or Venusians that are alleged to be flitting about in our atmosphere.

May I suggest that you contact Mount Wilson or Palomar Observatories in the Los Angeles area for a possible correlation of facts on meteor sightings.

Sincerely,

W. J. LOOKADOO
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Div
Office of Information


- page 5 -

