PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
10 MAY 62

2. LOCATION
Kansas City, Missouri

3. DATE OF GROUP
Local
GMT 1/0250Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
9 SECS

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
Stationary

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Rod light observed in the center of hazy thunderstorm & clouds. Observer in auto. Rptd sighting because impressed. This was same obj identified as Venus in newspaper art. Light blinked on and off.

11. COMMENTS
No mention of how many times the obj blinked on & off in six secs. No mention of distance. Rod light compared to a/c light indicated this was possibly a/c, however it likely? that some other feature would also have been observed. Insufficient data for eval.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other:
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text is mostly illegible]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

28.2 How fast were you moving? 20 mph miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North______degrees.
b. From horizon______degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North______degrees.
b. From horizon______degrees.


- page 2 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted with black lines]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Partially handwritten text that is somewhat illegible]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you this object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]

Age: 21   Sex: [redacted]

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
[partially illegible text]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [blank fields for day, month, year]

Page 3 is noted at the top of the document.


- page 5 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repost information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME [redacted]
SIGNATURE [redacted]
DATE 7-10 [partially legible]

[The handwritten text in the description section is partially illegible, with only fragments of words and sentences discernible. A complete transcription cannot be provided due to the poor image quality.]


- page 6 -

Page 10 is written in handwritten text that is somewhat difficult to read clearly. While I can see there is writing on the page, the handwriting is quite faint and cursive, making complete accurate transcription challenging. The page appears to be part of a report or narrative document, but without risking introducing errors, I cannot confidently reproduce the full text. The page is contained within a bordered area and "Page 10" is visible at the top right of the document.


- page 7 -

5-11-62

Gentlemen:

Last night at 5:50 
as my husband and I were 
driving home I see in 
the upper ne- fourth 
area of a large turnabout 
floodlight a red light 
blinking off and on. It 
seemed strange as it 
wasn't far from the highway 
and I've been couldn't imagine 
why a place would place 
out the middle of such a 
giant cloud.

So, in the paper this 
morning I read that


- page 8 -

o thus had observed this #
the U.S. Weather Bureau
said it was Venus, How
if you can observe
Planets through a massive
cloak through cloud (I
guess Venus was supposed
to be on the other side
of the cloud rather than
on our side of the cloud)
that really demolishes. I
it were a weather balloon,
yet think the thing would
have popped. Can you
imagine what it was?
Sincerely,


- page 9 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

MEMORANDUM
July 5, 1962

Dear Mrs.

Since there is insufficient information contained in your letter to warrant a well concluded, it is suggested that you complete the attached forms and submit them to this office for evaluation.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM J. LOMBARDO
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Div.
Office of Information


- page 10 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TD-2/Lt Col Friend
UFO Sighting

HQ USAF
SAFOI-30 (Major Hart)
Washington 25 DC

21 June 62

Reference the attached copy of a letter from Mrs. _______ regarding
the sighting of an unidentified flying object. Since there is insufficient
information contained in the letter to warrant a valid conclusion, it is
requested that you forward two (2) copies of UFO Form 164 to Mrs. ________
to be filled out and returned to JTD. There have been no other reports made
to this office concerning sightings in the reported area.

FOR THE COMMANDER

EDWARD H. WINN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

1 Atch
Cy of letter fm ______


- page 11 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information to help, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Handwritten date appears to be 11 5 62]

2. Time of day: 8 50 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Handwritten location appears to be De Soto, Kansas]

5. How long was object in sight?
[No duration filled in]

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY:
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

NIGHT:
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):
a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
JUL 61 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, Feb 60, which is obsolete.


- page 12 -

6. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Float or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):   a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other:


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other ____________________

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 15 -

