The image contains a Project 10073 Record Card that appears to be part of the Project Blue Book UFO investigation. The record card does not contain any photographs, but includes text providing details about a UFO sighting that occurred on 18 Feb 1962 in Baldwinsville, Massachusetts.

The text on the record card is as follows:

18 Feb 1962
DATECTIME GROUP: 2115
GMT5 hrs
PHOTOS: 0 Yes 0 No
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Short, 2-3 min.
BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Object in sight about 2 min. 30 sec. This is a somewhat atypical sighting. 1. Described as moving star. Speed estimated from 1200-1500 knots. 2. Object appeared under control, seemed to stop, turn. 3. Object appeared to drop from 8000 ft. to 4000 ft. and back up. 4. Object appeared like falling star.
12. CONCLUSIONS:
Was Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

Additional data is continuing. Information is being gathered on this sighting with telescopes. Also impossible to get this much detail using observation on general impression as a "shooting star" case is evaluated as possible but not certain.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which contains a form for reporting information and observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you have already given in the questionnaire, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: -
DATE: -

The handwritten text reads:
"On February 13, 1962 there was looking at the sky. By my interest to observe a report of UFO. I am very interested in this matter and I keep track of them.
Yours 1950 U.S. Air Force"

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a hand-drawn sketch or diagram, showing some geometric shapes and lines.

Page 10

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which appears to be a questionnaire or form used to collect information about unidentified aerial phenomenon (UFOs) that were observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 15 FEBRUARY 1962
2. Time of day: 7 Hour 45 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? BALDWINSVILLE, MASSACHUSETTS
5. How long was object in sight? 3 Minutes 30 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright, b. Full moonlight, c. No moonlight, d. Don't remember

9. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. As a light, b. Shiny, c. Dark, d. Don't remember

10. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS?
(Hand-written response)

11. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) Yes No Don't Know
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Wobble or oscillate?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

12. DID THE OBJECT MOVE BEHIND SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
IF YOU ANSWERED 'YES', THEN TELL WHAT:
It moved behind:

13. DID THE OBJECT MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
IF YOU ANSWERED 'YES', THEN TELL WHAT: 
In front of:

14. DID THE OBJECT APPEAR: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. Don't Know

15. DID YOU OBSERVE THE OBJECT THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No 
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window Yes No

- page 5 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO or unidentified flying object. The sketch shows an elliptical or oval-shaped object with a pointed leading edge. There are no details or descriptions provided about any human faces or individuals in the image.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound - dr. fairview
b. Color - Extremely from white to greeN, grayish Tint Flickering

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The image shows a hand-drawn sketch of the observed UFO or unidentified object, with an arrow indicating the direction of movement.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                b. Like a bright star
                c. Sharply outlined 
                d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

No additional objects are depicted in the sketch, only the single elliptical or oval-shaped UFO.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text and handwritten instructions.

Text in the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar? About 3 times the apparent size of the match stick.

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object, and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Take two arc flashlamps, arranged nearly parallel, branch a cata with a filament 14 feet long and 34 cid in cross-section. The center of the filament branches off into two smaller filaments, each with a small star shaped metallic object that flared at the end. The total appearance appeared identical to the UFO sighted.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in the shared image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce all the text found in the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
My friend and I were driving in the car when we noticed a strange light in the sky. It was moving erratically and changing in size and brightness, so we pulled over to watch it more closely. It seemed to be some kind of unconventional aircraft that was not like any conventional plane or helicopter.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicles at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: 
a. From true North_____ degrees.
b. From horizon _____ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North_____ degrees.
b. From horizon _____ degrees.

- page 8 -

The image appears to contain two sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line representing the horizon (skyline), with an object drawn above it. The instructions ask the viewer to mark an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when it was first seen, and a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when it was last seen.

The second sketch shows a larger landscape view, with a person standing on a road and two smaller inset sketches on the right side. The larger sketch appears to be an example of how to complete the larger sketch mentioned in the instructions.

The text on the page appears to be instructions related to describing the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

Project Blue Book
In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

In the following larger sketch place on "A" at the position where the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at the position where it was when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year
1 62

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see others?
Under certain conditions the observer noted objects similar to the one observed on this particular occasion in the past.

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
It's my belief that the object was a UFO. The observer did not have the capability to discount the object as a known aircraft.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text transcribed from the document is as follows:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes / No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 3,500 to 4,000 mph

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes / No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted] 
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
Age: 13  Sex: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
I have studied the sky and spacecraft a great deal. I'm a member of the New England club for rocketry (RE group) at E population mags.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 6 / 28 / 1962

- page 11 -

