PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
23 August 1962

2. LOCATION
Baltimore, Maryland

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
GMT 23/0214Z 0425Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual TX

5. PHOTOS
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2½ minutes each pass

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one each time

9. COURSE
NW

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Report of several passes of obj assumed to be retrograde satellite by obs:var. Observation through telescope. Rate of speed for 50 dgr arc was 2½ minutes. Object had three lights one red & two white.

11. COMMENTS
Speed of obj and duration consistent w/analysis of obj as high flying jet a/c. No reason to evaluate anything other than a/c.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon

Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft

Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical

Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day         Month         Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Two OTHER ADULTS

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes     No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Blank line]


- page 2 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME.
ADDRESS.                 Baltimore     Md.
TELEPHONE NUMBER.

Age.            Sex.

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
                Day     Month     Year


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may report information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME:                                                                                  (Do Not Write in This Space)
                                                                                        CODE:
SIGNATURE:
DATE:

WATCHED FOR ITEM TO COME
BY THE SECOND TIME.

100 MINUTES BETWEEN FIRST
AND SECOND PASS.

COULDN'T TRACK WITH TELESCOPE
DURING SECOND PASS.

TRACK APPEARED 11°
TRACK OF APPROX IMPACT 040°.


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Resume of the [redacted] Sighting

August 23, 1962
Four Sightings - A1, A2, B1, and B2

A series to the better observed sighting and A1 occurred at 21:44 EDT AND A2, presumably the second pass of the same object, occurred at 23:05. The beginning altitude and azimuth of A1 and A2 were respectively 75° altitude 340° azimuth for A1 and 30° altitude and 330° azimuth for A2. The end points of both these sightings were respectively for A1 30° altitude, 10° azimuth, and for A2 25° altitude, 10° azimuth.

Of all these sightings A1 was the only one that was observed through a telescope, a Questar. Three lights were resolved. One bright white light, a fainter red preceding light, along the vector, separately 40 sec of arc from the white light. Another white much fainter than the principal white light, was at right angles, and to the south, of the flight direction and separated by about 60 sec of arc.

The B sightings, which in each case occurred about 10 minutes before each of the A sightings, have the following characteristics: B1 refers to the first sighting of object B1 and B2 presumably to the second pass of B1. The time of the B2 pass was approximately 23:15 EDT.

The altitude and azimuth of the B sightings were respectively: B1 beginning, 60° altitude and azimuth largely indeterminate since object was close to zenith. Beginning altitude and azimuth of B2, 70° altitude, 50° azimuth. The end points of the B1 and B2 trajectories were respectively for B1, 45° altitude, 250° azimuth, and for B2 30° altitude and 270° azimuth.

The brightness of A and B sightings were comparable. Both were easily visible to the naked eye and A1 was reported to be of a brightness intermediate between that of Echo and of Jupiter. The sighting occurred 20 miles


- page 5 -

Resume of the Strata Sighting

north of Baltimore for the A1 and B1 sightings, 5 miles south of the first location for the A2 and B2 sightings. These locations refer to the observer who saw the first passes of both objects when he was 20 miles north of Baltimore and the second presumed passes of both A and B objects were observed from his home, which is located about 5 miles south of the first location.

It should be noted that object B traveled in a sense opposite to that of satellites, in general.

As to durations, A1 was timed the best of all, though none too good.

The total trajectory of A1 occupied about 2-1/2 minutes and covered an arc of approximately 50°, giving a rate of 1/3° per second.

The sightings were observed by three adults and one teenager.

[Redacted] insists that the sightings correlate with nothing on their board, unaided eye or telescopic. The trajectories are off of main airways patterns and further no sound was heard even though actively listened for.

Possibility that this was a Russian practice maneuver rounds might be checked.


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information, so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
25 August 1962

2. Time of day:
2144 1st Pass
2335 2nd Pass
(Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One)
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One)
a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
20 mi. N Baltimore Md.
Nearest Postal Address     City or Town     State or Country
Additional remarks:

5. How long was object in sight?
2 or LESS
Hours     Minutes     Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY     NIGHT
a. Bright     a. Bright
b. Cloudy     b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):
a. In front of you     d. To your left
b. In back of you     e. Overhead
c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD JUL 61 164     This form supersedes ATIC 164, Feb 60, which is obsolete.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):                                8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                                                a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                                               b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                                                c. No moonlight — pitch dark
    d. Don't remember                                      d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
    (Circle One):    a. As a light    b. Shiny    c. Dark    d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
    LIKE ECHO

11. Did the object:                                    (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?                Yes   No   Don't Know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?     Yes   No   Don't Know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?                  Yes   No   Don't Know
    d. Give off smoke?                                  Yes   No   Don't Know
    e. Change brightness?                               Yes   No   Don't Know
    f. Change shape?                                    Yes   No   Don't Know
    g. Flash or flicker?                                Yes   No   Don't Know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                          Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what
    it moved behind:    NO

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what
    in front of:    NO

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):    a. Solid    b. Transparent    c. Vapor    d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No    a. Binoculars    Yes    No
    b. Sun glasses   Yes    No    f. Telescope     {Yes}   No
    c. Windshield    Yes    No    g. Theodolite    Yes    No
    d. Window glass  Yes    No    h. Other         Yes    No


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: NO
    b. Color: VISIBLE - LIKE ECHO. TELESCOPE - THREE LIGHTS 1,260 ± 2 WHITE. (BRIGHT 5' 1 DIM)

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
    [A hand-drawn triangular shape with "WHITE", "RED", and "860" labeled, with an arrow indicating "DIRECTION OF MOTION"]

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
               b. Like a bright star
               c. Sharply outlined
               d. Don't remember
               e. Other: [blank]

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
    DISTANCE BETWEEN RED AND BRIGHT WHITE LIGHT .2 OF A MILLIRADIAN.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
OVER HORIZON

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

USING TELESCOPE

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

29.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

29.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

29.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 260 degrees.
b. From horizon 90 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 040 degrees.
b. From horizon 12 degrees.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on this curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch on an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 12 -

