PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
28 August 1962

2. LOCATION
Orcas Island, Washington

3. DATA SOURCE
Local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☑Ground-Visual □Ground-Radar □Air-Visual □Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☑ Yes   Picture drawn

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
four

9. COURSE
Descending
stationary

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Four very bright amber lights, evenly spaced believed to be a few miles away (not moving) in a straight line. Low on horizon, two dropped to lower altitude & went out of sight below horizon. Later all vanished. Shortly one returned & then went out of sight as the others did before.

11. COMMENTS
Information indicates observation of four astronomical bodies setting; however, at the rapid time of sighting, there are not four bodies of last or 2nd magnitude in position for this to occur. The other possibility is that there was a reflection of ground lights on a possible inversion. Since these conditions have not been established the case is considered as insufficient data.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

August 29, 1962

Seattle 58, Washington

Dear Sir,

My name is [redacted] and I live in Seattle, Washington and I am 16 years old. While staying with my grandparents, who live on Orcas Island, Washington we saw four bright objects in the sky. The objects were very bright and or in color and were probably a couple of miles away. They were all in a straight row and were hovering above the ground and were not moving. The objects must have been a couple of hundred feet up.

As we watched, then a little longer a couple of them fell out of formation and went to a lower altitude. Then a little while the four U.F.O.s all vanished into thin air. We watched for a little while and one of the bright objects returned, but soon vanished like the others.

This occurred on the night of August 28, between 4:30 and 9 P.M.

You probably get hundreds of these letters each year concerning U.F.O.s but I thought


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

our sighting of these strange objects might be
of importance to you.
I drew a picture of what the scene looked
like that night.

Sincerely yours,

[The signature is blacked out]


- page 3 -

