The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to study unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 5 May 1962
2. LOCATION: Troy, New Hampshire
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2013
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
5. DURATION OF OBSERVATION: Approx 5 mins
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. COURSE: Unknown
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Several witnesses observed a bright object moving up and down and also sidewise. It was sighted for several minutes and then disappeared. The object was not pulsating but seemed to change in brightness. Its color was described as very bright, possibly like Venus and contrary to the movement and change, probably the brightest planet. This planet may have been visible and misinterpreted in this sighting.

11. COMMENTS: The information contained in this report from the description of the object does not lead to a conclusion that the sighting was of an unidentified flying object. It appears more likely that the witnesses observed a bright planet, possibly Venus, under atmospheric conditions which gave the appearance of unusual motion and changes in brightness.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter or document.

Troy, New Hampshire
May 30, 62

Dear Sirs:

May 27, 62 at the beginning of night I saw a big flow of light in the sky just over the hill. That light at 2:00 it went away. The one whom saw it with his mother and two sisters. The "Unusual light" was playing around in school near friend and began to rise. Then he said it was over and moved up and down.

It came back there was about 6 minutes and then went out of sight. And when it came back there was not until May 29, 62. We saw it again. I called my parents to go out side and see it. It did the same thing move around and disappear. It look like the Unidentified Flying Objects that some of the service men in the Army took pictures of. I saw the movie and the U.S. AIR FORCE had on them. My address is:

Troy, New Hampshire

Yours truly

- page 2 -

