RETURN TO
USAF Historical Archives
ASIASHAF-A)
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112

7-3745 -413
1003848


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-2-

support to President Kennedy during the final hours. The principal claims of these organizations are that unidentified flying objects are interplanetary space craft and that the Air Force is withholding the information.

The most active and influential of these organizations is the National Investigation Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP). This organization is headed by Major Donald E. Keyhoes, U.S. Marine Corps (Ret.).

NICAP, through its publication the "UFO Investigator," has made constant appeals to its members to write to their congressman requesting a hearing to investigate the Air Force's handling of the UFO program. It is our opinion that this appeal prompted Mr. Speights' letter to you.

Mr. Speights, a youth of about 19, has written to us on two previous occasions and has received an answer to each of his two letters. From comparison of the language in his previous letters with that in the letter to you it is obvious that Mr. Speights has had assistance with the majority of the information contained in this most recent letter. It is probable that he copied it from some NICAP publication.

Following are some observations regarding statements in Mr. Speights' letter.

The Air Force has no record of the number of attempts which have been made by our pilots to intercept UFO's; however, such action is not unusual nor does it prove that these objects/phe-


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-3-

nomena are anything other than as claimed by the Air Force. The
Air Force attempts to intercept any object which is unidentified
and has prescribed performance parameters.

In many instances the pilot, upon returning to the ground,
realizes that he has been attempting to close on some common
object such as a planet. The Ryan case which occurred in the
state of New York on 8 April 1956 was due to the misidentification
of the planet Venus. Our records reveal that Captain Ryan was
not directed by the Air Force to investigate the object and that,
according to his own statement, he did not deviate from course
for this or any other purpose. The fact that Captain Ryan arrived
at Schenectady, his destination, on schedule tends to substantiate
the claim that he did not deviate from course.

Scientists and engineers, though expert in their own field,
can temporarily misidentify some object or phenomena thus report-
ing it as an unidentified flying object. It is, in fact, possible
for a scientist to be fooled by an occurrence closely associated
with his specialized field as evidenced by the experience of Dr.
Donald H. Menzel of Harvard, a noted astronomer. Dr. Menzel was
fooled for a time by the refracted image of the star Sirius. This
experience is related in Chapter IV, page 60 of his forthcoming
book, THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS, published by Doubleday.

There are sightings in the Air Force files which indicate ball
lightning or some similar electromagnetic phenomena as the probable
cause. Due to the infrequent occurrence and the transient nature


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-4-

of ball lightning, it is impossible to have good documented reports
on this phenomena. In most of these cases, witnesses have reported
interference with vehicle ignition, lights, radio, etc. Such inter-
ference, if actually occurring, could be due to the presence of the
lightning or to the fact that the witness in his excitement may
accidentally stall the car. Because ball lightning usually occurs
immediately following a severe thunder storm, such factors as wet
ignition, atmospheric static, etc., may be the cause for the reported
trouble.

The Air Force has taken geiger counter readings immediately
after sightings but has yet to find any readings which vary sig-
nificantly from the normal background of the area tested.

Radar sightings are often supported by visual sightings because
the same atmospheric conditions which produce visual anomalies may
also effect radar.

It is Air Force policy to provide news media with information
regarding UFO sightings which reach national prominence and to
provide information to individuals in response to their specific
requests. Further, the next edition of the Encyclopaedia Britannica
will carry an article on unidentified flying objects. This article,
approved by the Air Force, was prepared by Dr. J. Allen Hynek,
Chairman of the Department of Astronomy as Northwestern University,
who has served as Air Force consultant to the UFO program since
1948.

In order that the public be provided with as much information
as possible, every effort is made to keep UFO sightings unclassified.


- page 4 -

Supporting information indicates the classification of a sighting and not the sighting itself. Since 1959, 184 cases of 2167 are classified and only 4 of the 53 unidentified cases for this period are classified.

The number of foreign reports that have come to our attention do not differ measurably from those originating in the U.S. neither in the presentation of the data nor in the determined probable cause.

The Air Force has no knowledge of a 1948 document by ATIC which states that UFO's are interplanetary space ships. One of the original documents establishing the project states that an objective would be to determine if any evidence from sightings suggests that UFO's are of interplanetary origin. It is possible that the meaning of this document was misinterpreted. The Air Force's open minded attitude still persists, and investigators and analysts have no preconceived notion as to the cause for a sighting but rather form their conclusions from the evidence.

To date no evidence has been found to lead us to even suspect that these objects are interplanetary space ships.

Unidentified aerial phenomena constitute only a part of the noise which our defense detection systems must take into account in preventing accidental war. Scientific studies too extensive to be discussed here, are being conducted to determine the extent and nature of this noise for integration into our defensive network.


- page 5 -

It is hoped that this information answers all of your questions regarding the Air Force's Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Program. We stand ready to give you any further cooperation which you deem necessary.


- page 6 -

SPEIGHTS

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TDEW
Request for UFO Information(John P. Speights)                1 August 1963

Hq USAF SAF-OI 3b (Mrs. Wells)
Wash 25 DC

1.  Reference the attached letter from Pvt John P. Speights requesting information on unidentified flying objects.  This letter is forwarded to your office for whatever action you deem necessary.

2.  The unidentified flying objects in the photographs taken at Salem, Massachusetts on July 16, 1952 have been evaluated as light reflections on the window through which the photos were taken.

FOR THE COMMANDER

/s/ Robert J. Friend, 1 Aug 63

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE                                        1 Atch
Colonel, USAF                                                Ltr fm Pvt J.P.
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems                          Speights, dtd
                                                              8 Jul 63.


- page 7 -

Hq 3rd Air Force in Special Troops
USAF
Fort Riley, Texas
July 12, 1962

Major Carl H. Hart
Office of Public Information, USAF
Washington 25, D. C.

Dear Major Hart:

The Air Force examined the photograph of this UFO taken July 16, 1962 at Salem, Mass. by a Coast Guardsman? If so, what were the Air Force's findings regarding this photograph? Could the photograph have been faked?

Yours truly,

(Pvt.) John F. Speights
RA 14797414


- page 8 -

TDEW
Unidentified Flying Objects

Hq USAF SAF-OI 3b (Mrs. Wells)
Wash 25 DC

1. Congressman Carl Vinson requested information from the
USAF regarding the Unidentified Flying Objects program.
Attached is a copy of the proposed reply to Congressman
Vinson which we forwarded to AFNIN for passing to SAFLL.

2. Mr. Vinson's letter was prompted by an appeal for a
Congressional hearing which was made to him by John Peurifoy
Speights of 2811 Bedford Avenue, Raleigh, North Carolina.
Mr. Speights requested information on UFO's from the Air
Force on two previous occasions and was promptly answered
each time.

3. Apparently Major Keyhoe's appeal to the members of
NICAP, through the organization bulletin "UFO Investigator,"
to write to their Congressman requesting hearings has at
least one response. We believe that the SAFLL staff should
be appraised of this and previous attempts by Major Keyhoe
to discredit the USAF and bring about Congressional hear-
ings on the UFO program.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
Cy ltr fm FTD(TDG) to
AFNIN(Lt/Col Dessert)
dtd 18 Jul 63, Subj:
UFO, w/atch 3 only.


- page 9 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TDEW                                                                22 July 1963
Unidentified Flying Objects

AFSC(SCFA)
Andrews AFB, Md.

1. Attached is a copy of our proposed response to a request for information on the USAF Unidentified Flying Objects program from Congressman Carl Vinson. This proposed reply was sent to AFIN for forwarding to SAFL.

2. Partly due to the efforts of private UFO organizations there have been two briefings on the UFO program for Congressional sub-committees. One was held in the summer of 1958; the other, during the week of 10 July 1960. A hearing was averted during the summer of 1961 when we briefed Mr. Richard P. Hines of the House Space and Astronautics Committee during his visit to FTD. Mr. Hines was gathering background information for Congressman Joseph Karth a member of the committee. As a result of Mr. Hines' report, Congressman Karth recommended there be no hearings. A copy of Mr. Karth's letter to Major Keyhoe of the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, a private UFO organization, stating the Congressman's position regarding a hearing is attached.

3. Also attached is a copy of an article which will appear in the next edition of the Encyclopaedia Britannica. The article was written by the consultant of the UFO program, Dr. J. Allen Hynek of Northwestern University, and approved by the Air Force. Dr. Hynek has been consultant to the UFO program since 1948. We have suggested that a copy of this article accompany the letter to Congressman Vinson.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

3 Atch
1. Cy proposed reply to Congressman Carl Vinson.
2. Cy ltr Rep Karth to Maj Keyhoe, 28 Aug 61.
3. Cy excerpt fm next ed Encyclopaedia Britannica.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

190

Unidentified Flying Objects

AFDIR (Lt Col Duesner)

1. Attached is a proposed reply to Congressman Carl
Vinson's request for information on the U.S. Air Force
Unidentified Flying Objects program. This action is
in response to your letter to me on the UFO subject,
dated 10 July 1968.

2. Strenuous efforts by Major Keyhoe, a self-styled
UFO investigator, and others like him to discredit
the Air Force's handling of the UFO program have
resulted in two Congressional Armed Services Sub-
committee hearings and numerous approaches to Con-
gress for information from the members of Congress.
The first briefing was in the summer of 1968 and the
second took place during the week of 10 July 1960.
The latter briefing was given to members of the Senate
Preparedness Sub-Committee, the House Armed Services
Sub-Committee, the House Space and Astronautics Sub-
Committee, CIA, and representatives from the Office
of the Secretary of the Air Force.

3. A later effort of Major Keyhoe's to instigate a
hearing on UFO's by the House Space and Astronautic
Committee during the summer of 1961 was unsuccessful.
Congressman Joseph Karth of this committee sent Mr.
Richard P. Hines, a staff consultant to PFG to collect
background information regarding the Air Force's
handling of the program. From Mr. Hines' report,
Mr. Karth determined that the Air Force's approach to
the program was proper and that Major Keyhoe's
charges of mishandling were without grounds. A copy
of Congressman Karth's letter to Major Keyhoe is
attached.

4. Since it is apparent from Mr. Spelgates' letter
that Major Keyhoe and others are attempting to force
further Congressional hearings on the UFO program,
it is my opinion that this rather long letter to
Mr. Vinson is justified.


- page 11 -

Here is the text I can see in the document:

EXTRA COPIES

ACTION    BACKGROUND MATERIAL    OFFICIAL FILE COPY

RETURN TO
USAF Historical Archives
AFIASRAF-A
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112

SMC

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
COMMAND SECTION
CORRESPONDENCE ACTION FOLDER

100384-8


- page 12 -

I suggest that a copy of the UFO article by Dr. J. Allen Hynek in an paper in the next edition of the Encyclopedia Britannica be attached to Congressman Karson's letter.

8 Atch:
1. Ltr Carl Vinson, 6 Jul 63.
2. Ltr J.P. Spolight, 8 Jul 63.
3. Forwand reply to C.R. Vinson.
4. 2 cy ltr Rep Karth to Maj Keyser, 26 Aug 63.
5. 6 cy excerpt in Encyclopedia Britannica.

DESTINATION:
TO: Col Eric T. de Jochelson                   Date
THRU: Dr. Fred J. Van Basse                    Date
TO: Lt Col Robert J. Privod                    Date 15 Jul 63


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Dear Mr. Chairman:

I refer to your letter of 3 July 1963 requesting the latest Air Force position on unidentified aerial phenomena.

The Air Force's principal interest in these objects/phenomena is in determining if they are in any way a threat to our national security or if they are a source of new scientific or technical information. Further, the Air Force attempts to determine the cause of each sighting in order to allay public anxiety resulting from an incident involving unidentified aerial phenomena.

Better than 90 per cent of the more than 7,000 cases investigated since 1947 have been attributed to the misidentification of such familiar objects as balloons, aircraft, and satellites, and such unfamiliar phenomena as parhelia and mirages. A small percentage of cases remains unidentified due, for the most part, to the limited nature of the report. To date there has been no evidence from any case to indicate that those objects/phenomena are any type of space craft other than earth satellites or space probes of the Soviet Union or of the United States.

In the United States there are more than fifty private unidentified flying object (UFO) organizations. Collectively, these organizations boast more than 500,000 members. During the 1960 Presidential election, the members of these organizations actually nominated their own candidate who allegedly threw his


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-2-

support to President Kennedy during the final hours. The principal claims of these organizations are that unidentified flying objects are interplanetary space craft and that the Air Force is withholding the information.

The most active and influential of these organizations is the National Investigation Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP). This organization is headed by Major Donald H. Keyhoe, U.S. Marine Corps (Ret.).

NICAP, through its publication the "UFO Investigator," has made constant appeals to its members to write to their congressmen requesting a hearing to investigate the Air Force's handling of the UFO program. It is our opinion that this appeal prompted Mr. Speights' letter to you.

Mr. Speights, a youth of about 19, has written to us on two previous occasions and has received an answer to each of his two letters. From comparison of the language in his previous letters with that in the letter to you it is obvious that Mr. Speights has had assistance with the majority of the information contained in this most recent letter. It is probable that he copied it from some NICAP publication.

Following are some observations regarding statements in Mr. Speights' letter.

The Air Force has no record of the number of attempts which have been made by our pilots to intercept UFO's; however, such action is not unusual nor does it prove that these objects/phe-


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-8-

nomena are anything other than as claimed by the Air Force. The
Air Force attempts to intercept any object which is unidentified
and has prescribed performance parameters.

In many instances the pilot, upon returning to the ground,
realizes that he has been attempting to close on some common
object such as a planet. The Ryan case which occurred in the
state of New York on 8 April 1958 was due to the misidentification
of the planet Venus. Our records reveal that Captain Ryan was
not directed by the Air Force to investigate the object and that,
according to his own statement, he did not deviate from course
for this or any other purpose. The fact that Captain Ryan arrived
at Schenectady, his destination, on schedule tends to substantiate
the claim that he did not deviate from course.

Scientists and engineers, though expert in their own field,
can temporarily misidentify some object or phenomena thus report-
ing it as an unidentified flying object. It is, in fact, possible
for a scientist to be fooled by an occurrence closely associated
with his specialized field as evidenced by the experience of Dr.
Donald H. Menzel of Harvard, a noted astronomer. Dr. Menzel was
fooled for a time by the refracted image of the star Sirius. This
experience is related in Chapter IV, page 60 of his forthcoming
book, THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS, published by Doubleday.

There are sightings in the Air Force files which indicate ball
lightning or some similar electromagnetic phenomena as the probable
cause. Due to the infrequent occurrence and the transient nature


- page 16 -

of ball lightning, it is impossible to have good documented reports
on this phenomena. In most of these cases, witnesses have reported
interference with vehicle ignition, lights, radio, etc. Such inter-
ference, if actually occurring, could be due to the presence of the
lightning or to the fact that the witness in his excitement may
accidentally stall the car. Because ball lightning usually occurs
immediately following a severe thunder storm, such factors as wet
ignition, atmospheric static, etc., may be the cause for the reported
trouble.

The Air Force has taken geiger counter readings immediately
after sightings but has yet to find any readings which vary sig-
nificantly from the normal background of the area tested.
Radar sightings are often supported by visual sightings because
the same atmospheric conditions which produce visual anomalies may
also affect radar.

It is Air Force policy to provide news media with information
regarding UFO sightings which reach national prominence and to
provide information to individuals in response to their specific
requests. Further, the next edition of the Encyclopedia Britannica
will carry an article on unidentified flying objects. This article,
approved by the Air Force, was prepared by Dr. J. Allen Hynek,
Chairman of the Department of Astronomy at Northwestern University,
who has served as Air Force consultant to the UFO program since
1948.

In order that the public be provided with as much information
as possible, every effort is made to keep UFO sightings unclassified.


- page 17 -

Supporting information indicates the classification of a sighting and not the sighting itself. Since 1959, 184 cases of 2167 are classified and only 4 of the 53 unidentified cases for this period are classified.

The number of foreign reports that have come to our attention do not differ measurably from those originating in the U.S. neither in the presentation of the data nor in the determined probable cause.

The Air Force has no knowledge of a 1948 document by ATIC which states that UFO's are interplanetary space ships. One of the original documents establishing the project states that an objective would be to determine if any evidence from sightings suggests that UFO's are of interplanetary origin. It is possible that the meaning of this document was misinterpreted. The Air Force's open minded attitude still persists, and investigators and analysts have no preconceived notions as to the cause for a sighting but rather form their conclusions from the evidence.

To date no evidence has been found to lead us to even suspect that these objects are interplanetary space ships.

Unidentified aerial phenomena constitute only a part of the noise which our defense detection systems must take into account in preventing accidental war. Scientific studies too extensive to be discussed here, are being conducted to determine the extent and nature of this noise for integration into our defensive network.


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

-6-

It is hoped that this information answers all of your questions regarding the Air Force's Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Program. We stand ready to give you any further cooperation which you deem necessary.


- page 19 -

Joseph E. Karth
4th District, Minnesota

CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Washington, D. C.

August 28, 1961

Major Donald E. Keyhoe
U.S.M.C. (Ret.)
Director, NICAP
1526 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D. C.

Dear Sir:

I have read with interest the copy of your letter to Chairman Overton Brooks including suggested "hearing plans."

Perhaps I have been misled in this whole business of UFO. However, it was my belief that you, your organization and others like it, actually had proof that UFO's did in fact exist and that you would be prepared to prove this during the course of the hearing. And further that UFO's were not merely the result of space or atmospheric phenomena, but actually were craft (of sorts) from other planets.

I was sadly disappointed as I read your proposed plan, suggestions and viewpoints. I cannot help but feel after so reading, that your primary if not sole objective, is to 'be-little', 'defame', 'ridicule' (with the least possible publicity, you say) and thereby cause the U.S. Air Force embarrassment unless they bare to you and others, all information you seek, including such information that may well involve our nation's security. I too am opposed to unnecessary secrecy. However, unnecessarily or unwarranted secrecy is nothing more than a matter of opinion. And so even though you and I are opposed to such, we may well disagree on extent and content. As a former military officer, you in your judgment and knowing all the facts, in all probability would from the public, knowledge I would not have considered "secret." I repeat - I have opposed and will continue to oppose unwarranted secrecy.

At the same time I will not support a proposition smelling of sour grapes in disguise.

Your letter to Chairman Brooks (including your proposed plan) concerned itself almost totally, in my opinion, with evident dislike and mildness toward a great branch of the military. In fact it sounded to me like nothing more than cheap service rivalry. Now I hasten to add that I could be wrong, but I have read many plans and proposals in my day and must say I recognize a little prejudice and/or dislike when I see it. If you are not in a position to "make a good case" that UFO's are some kind of foreign craft, I'm not even interested in holding hearings. This I thought to be your purpose. Certainly I'm

Committee on
Science and Astronautics

c
o
p
y


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

cited. I also could not overlook your language on page three: "The chief concern of NICAP Board members and officials is the increasing secrecy dangers - NOW, at this time, final conclusions about the UFO's. Undoubtedly, I have been misinformed on the purpose of NICAP. I was erroneously led to believe you had factual evidence of some kind about UFO's.

If I have anything to say about it, your terms, conditions and suggestions will not be accepted.

Very truly yours,

Joseph E. Karth

cc: Hon. Overton Brooks, Chairman
Hon. John McCormack, Majority Leader
Subcommittee members

JEK:eb


- page 22 -

On the right side of the document, there is partially visible text that reads:

16 Jul 1963 Ltr to TUSLOG
on curr file of UFO Program

The rest of the page appears to be blank white space with two hole punches at the top of the document.


- page 23 -

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING
OBJECT (UFO)
by
J. Allen Hynek

FROM

ENCYCLOPEDIA
BRITANNICA

1963
Copyright under International Copyright Union
All Rights Reserved under Pan American and Universal Copyright
Conventions by Encyclopaedia Britannica, Inc.
Printed in U.S.A.
WILLIAM BENTON, Publisher


- page 24 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

696                UNICORN - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

the large upper tusks almost suggest the earliest proboscidean types but the most remarkable peculiarity is found in the molars, each of which consists of a closely packed cluster of cylindrical columns of circular cross-section.

Perisoodactyla.—See Perissodactyla.

Artiodactyla.—The Artiodactyla may be an offshoot of some former type of the mesonyehid family of the creodons, while the Perissodactyla may be related remotely to the Cretaceous ancestors of the condylarthra.

Recent studies by Miss H. S. Pearson on the skull structure of certain arthodactyla have revealed that a very early date the order was already subdivided into two series, one the mastoid region of the periotic bone was completely covered by the squamosal and adjacent elements (as in the suines and their extinct relatives), and the other, the mastoid series, in which the mastoid was well exposed on the outer side, as in the Eocene Dichobunidae and all the ruminant artiodactyla.

See also ARTIODACTYLA.

UNICORN.—W. H. Flower and R. Lydekker, Mammals, Edin. and Loud. (1891); H. F. Osborn, The Age of Mammals (1910); W. B. Scott, Mammalian Paleontology (1937); W. K. Gregory, Bull. Amer. Nat. Hist. (1910); Simpson, Bull. Amer. Mus. Nat. Hist. (1945).

UNICORN, a fabulous beast, usually having the head and body of a horse, the hind legs of an antelope, the tail of a lion sometimes horns; sometimes a single horn from the forehead, a chief feature a long, sharp, twisted horn, similar to the narwhal's tusk, set in the middle of its forehead. The earliest description is that of Ctesias, who states that there were in India white wild asses celebrated for their fleetness of foot, having on the forehead a horn a cubit and a half in length, coloured white, red and black; from the horn more made drinking cups with various preventive of poisoning. Aristotle mentions two one-horned animals, the oryx, a kind of antelope, and "the so-called Indian ass." In Roman times Pliny mentions the oryx, the Indian ass, and an Indian ox as one-horned; Aelian, quoting Ctesias, adds that India produces also a one-horned horse and says that the Monoceros was sometimes called Carazonon, possibly a form of the Arabic Carcadon.

The medieval conception of the unicorn as possessing great strength and fierce aspect was perhaps due to the fact that in certain passages of the Old Testament the Hebrew word K'eem, now translated in the Revised Version "wild ox," was translated in the Septuagint as monoceros, in the Vulgate unicornis or rhinoceros, and in the Authorized Version "unicorn." though in Deut. xxiii, 17 it obviously refers to a two-horned animal. Isidore xii, 2, 12 tells how the unicorn had been known to wear the elephant in heraldry. As a decoration on drinking cups, it symbolized the ancient belief in the efficacy of the unicorn's horn against poison, which remained, even in the time of Charles II, though Sir E. Key Landseer mentions that a cup made of rhinoceros horn was then known to be of unicorn's horn.

In heraldry the unicorn was sometimes used as a device (see HERALDRY), but oftener as a supporter, and subsists in modern times as the left-hand support of the royal arms. This position is assumed at the Union, the Scottish royal arms having been supported by two unicorns. When the unicorn became a supporter of the royal arms both of England and Scotland, a royal crown was added on the head of the unicorn, in addition to the crown with chain and ring round its neck, but this crown was removed after the Hanoverian succession. In England after the Union the unicorn was placed on the left hand, and late as 1766, it was still put on the right.

UNICORN PLANT (Proboscidea jussiaci), a North American plant of the family Martyniaceae, called also proboscis flower and devil's-claw, native from Indiana to New Mexico and southward to Mexico, cultivated for its abundant foliage, peculiarly shaped flowers and oddly formed fruiting pods. It is a

coarse, sticky-hairy, half-prostrate annual, with thick, no naked leaves; large violet or purple flowers, 1½ in. long; and angular, hooked, woody pods, with a thick body 3 in. to 4 in. long, ending in a curved beak of equal or greater length. When dry, the pods split into two opposed hooklike or clawlike appendages.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT (UFO), in military parlance, means any aerial object that fails to identify itself to, or to be identified by, trained ground or air-borne crews using visual or electronic detection methods. Since 1947, owing to a sequence of phenomena in circumstances, UFO has become an omnibus term connoting any object or optical phenomenon, usually an aerial, that the observer cannot readily explain. UFO frequently is used interchangeably with "flying saucer," a term coined in 1947 as a result of the reported sighting by a civilian pilot, Kenneth Arnold, of a series of disk-like objects over the mountain ridges in the vicinity of Mt. Rainier, Washington. As a result of the wide publicity given to this sighting, there followed a wave of reports of unidentified objects by observers in various parts of the U.S.

First regarded by many as a bizarre, peculiarly American psychological phenomenon that would quickly fade away, the UFO instead showed an amazing tenacity over more than a dozen years, and the U.S. air force was officially charged with investigating the reports. The several reports were made to the air force in one day, and reports came also from France, Great Britain and other countries. Indeed, an account is taken of the smaller area of some of the countries and the greater percentage of cloudy weather they experience, but in those years there were a number of cases of often were more frequent than in the U.S.

The UFO itself is now regarded as something that came into being in 1947, even though the phenomenon burst suddenly upon the public consciousness in that year. History is full of references to strange signs in the sky in ancient and medieval times, a comet was a forerunner of disaster. Certainly in such, as was an aurora, and it would be hard to say whether the pattern of sightings in those days was different. Certainly, in some respects it had been different. There were no "sky-hook" research balloons, no weather balloons, no artificial satellites, no types of aircraft or re-entering missiles or artificial satellites. A comet, though described in terms recognizable as a true visitation.

It is easy to imagine that there were many UFOs in those times, many sightings of strange lights in the sky; but since communication was largely by word of mouth, and record-keeping almost nonexistent, such sightings became part of the underbrush of local folklore and old wives' tales. Certainly, in times when people believed that a woman could give birth to dogs and pigs, that witches could levitate and fly about, and when credulity ran high, it would be not at all surprising to find a similarly uncritical attitude toward ordinary- and today well-understood—aerial phenomena.

Reports since the birth of the "modern" UFO in 1947 generally occurred in waves, but on the average, during the period of the U.S. air force study, they numbered more than one a day. If consideration is taken of the fact that many reported sightings were not made through official channels, but to newspapers and to civilian groups interested in the phenomenon, the rate of observations may have been as high as two or three a day in the U.S. over a period of a dozen years. France, Italy, England and a number of Latin American countries also experienced minor waves of UFO reports.

The steady stream of sightings became a cause for concern to the air force, and detailed investigations were made to discover


- page 25 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNIFIED FIELD THEORY

TABLE—Reported Sightings,* 1947-61

[A table is present, but the text is too small to reliably OCR]

*U.S. air force reported sightings during the 15-year period of the official study

[The rest of the text begins:]

reasons for such reports. The objectives were to determine (1) whether the reported UFO's constituted a threat; (2) whether the phenomena had any intrinsic scientific value; and (3) what role UFO's might play as a factor in the sky surveillance program.

It was concluded after the many years of investigation that: (1) in the phenomena bore no hostile purport and did not constitute a security threat; (2) there was no compelling reason to believe that the great majority of sightings arose from anything other than misidentification of natural objects and phenomena, and even the real cause of these sightings generally lay in the conditions under which an object or phenomenon was seen; and (3) the continued evaluation of UFO reports is of scientific value, especially in relation to the military sky surveillance problem.

It was established that many sightings arose from scene static, filling natural objects for the first time; e.g., very bright rotating, high-altitude scientific balloons (which can attain high velocity when caught in the jet stream) and especially distant, large or celestial objects seen under such unusual meteorological conditions that produce mirages, which can distort, displace and animate objects detected visually or by radar. Such meteorological conditions, some thoroughly understood (mirages) and some poorly understood (ball lightning), can easily cause even an experienced observer to ascribe what he sees to a tangible, nearly self-propelled object.

Indeed, it is not at all surprising, with so many more people turning their attention skyward, that many (including the scientifically trained) are confronted with an aerial phenomenon they cannot readily explain.

Virtually all the reports received by the air force were highly subjective, lacking such verification as pictures, material fragments, spectroscopic analysis of lights seen or precise technical data on trajectories, distances, accelerations, etc. As the investigation progressed, it became clear that most reports could be correlated with the appearance of aircraft, birds, celestial objects, balloons, etc., under special conditions, and the number of unexplained cases fell from an early value of more than 10% to as little as 9% of 3%.

It was readily admitted that this small residue—reported—defied logical explanation. For none of the extraordinarily "unknown," however, were the scientific data on which to base valid, definitive investigations.

The early difficulties in coming to grips with the successive waves of sightings, coupled with concern that UFO reports, often made by pilots, might constitute a threat to military security (and the consequent, unfortunate air of secrecy imposed in the early years of UFO reports), had an electrifying effect on the imaginations and emotions of a surprisingly large number of people. It led to an inordinate interest in UFO's and a logical, albeit scientifically unsupported theory of UFO's, encouraged by the real possibility of UFO's, which is always a strong, often unconscious, desire on the part of many people to believe in the probability of visitors from outer space.

This theory of UFO's, with its strong quasi-religious emotional appeal, holds it not only logical to assume that other intelligent beings exist in the natural universe, but that superior extraterrestrial civilizations might visit here periodically, as if to make periodic checks on a tribe of aborigines. The theory is seen to have support throughout history in accounts of strange apparitions in the sky, suggesting to some that the earth could have been visited many times in the past. Some believe such visits became more frequent as atomic and hydrogen bombs increased extraterrestrial concern.

In the face of continued lack of empirical evidence, persistent attempts to link UFO reports with visitations from space merit socio-psychological study.

It is amply evident that UFO's and "flying saucers" exist as reports. This has led to the quip that UFO's are any aerial sightings that remain unexplained long enough for the preparation of written reports about them. It is the problem of the serious investigator to probe for stimuli that give rise to the reports.

Dr. A. R. Hynek, long a consultant to the air force investigating UFO reports are sincere, interested in the welfare and security of their country and honestly puzzled by the sightings they report. Their frequent readiness to ascribe a UFO to extraterrestrial sources, their emotional attachment to this explanation and their reluctance to be too analytical or critical, continues and extends earlier by trained observers to produce such sightings.

Nevertheless, it was recognized that knowledge of the universe was still imperfect. UFO sightings at length, they continue, will merit serious study and may lead to new ways of analyzing how people but in the areas of human behavior is well understood.

UNIFIED FIELD THEORY attempts to extend the general theory of relativity (q.v.) to electromagnetic forces and the forces between charged particles. General relativity incorporates the gravitation field into the structure of four-dimensional space time, and in this sense represents part of geometry. Unified Field Theory has attempted to extend this treatment to the other forces of nature, and if this were achieved, all the fundamental physical laws would be described by the geometry of space time. It was also hoped that a unified field theory would provide a classical electromagnetic and atomic theory; e.g., in classical electromagnetism there is no explanation of how electrons of like charge, which must repel each other, cohere to form an electron or other fundamental charged particle; and in atomic theory the occurrence of probability as a fundamental notion was thought unsatisfactory, especially by Albert Einstein and Erwin Schrödinger. There was also a more philosophical reason. Physical reality is supposed to consist of particles of matter and fields of force. Einstein believed that it should be possible to eliminate the notion of a particle and to represent the whole of physical reality by means of a field, so that matter becomes nothing more than a region of high field intensity.

General relativity is a highly developed field theory which still contains the idea of a particle because there are regions of space time where the field equations break down, and these "singularities" must be supposed to represent particles. In an entirely successful field theory there would be no singular regions, and every physical situation would be completely described by the field alone.

Of the many unsuccessful unified field theories put forward there were three main types: The gauge-invariant geometry of Hermann Weyl (1915) extended the class of transformations to which the geometrical quantities characterizing space time must be invariant; he could thus introduce four quantities identically connected with the potentials in classical electromagnetism. This theory is unsuitable because it leads to field equations of the fourth differential order, whereas there is reason to believe that the correct equations are of the second order.

The second important class of theories, stemming from work of T. Kaluza (1921), are those using five-dimensional spaces, and although they achieved a formal unification of the fields, they did not solve what was essentially the physical problems nor lead to important new ideas of physical significance. The generalized theory of gravitation, or nongeometric unified field theory, was independently developed by Einstein and by Schrödinger (1943). In this the fundamental tensor g_ik of general relativity is allowed to be nonsymmetric, which introduces an asymmetric tensor of the second rank, presumably identifiable with the electromagnetic field variables. The investigation of the theory seem to show that it does not agree with experiment since it does not predict correctly the observed motion of charged particles in an electromagnetic field. However,

[The text appears to be cut off at the bottom of the page]


- page 26 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SAF-LG/ASGOL Galloway/web/3346/SD-020/30 July 63/Norm 31 July
Norm SAF-LG 16 Col Campbell/wrv/pal32

Dear Mr. Chairman:

This is in reply to your recent letter inquiring about unidentified flying objects (UFO's).

I am enclosing the Air Force position together with two allied scientific witness reports for Mr. Spaight's allegations. There has been no evidence uncovered to the contrary which would alter the original Air Force statements concerning UFO's.

I hope this information will clarify the Air Force position that if given should help clear up any doubts concerning this subject. I would be pleased to arrange for an Air Force representative to discuss it with you personally at your convenience.

Sincerely,

IRENE M. RODRIGUEZ, Chief
Major General, USAF
Director, Legislative Matters

Attachments:
Honorable Carl Vinson
Chairman, Committee on
Armed Services
House of Representatives


- page 27 -

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

The Air Force's principal interest in these cases/phenomena is in determining if they are in any way a threat to our national security. If they are a source of new scientific or technical information. Particularly, the Air Force attempts to determine the cause of such sightings in order to allay public anxiety resulting from an incident involving unidentified aerial phenomena.

Better than 90 per cent of the more than 7,500 cases investigated since 1947 have been attributed to the identification of such facilities as balloons, aircraft, satellites, and missiles. A small percentage of cases remain unidentified, for the most part, we had failed either to identify the object/phenomena or to indicate its origin.

In the United States there are more than fifty private unidentified flying object (UFO) organizations. Collectively, these organizations have more than 5,000 members. The principal, since or their concerns have been that unidentified flying objects are interplanetary spacecraft and that the Air Force is withholding the information.

The most active and influential of these organizations is the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP). This organization is headed by Major Donald E. Keyhoe, U. S. Marine Corps (Ret.).

NICAP, through its publication the "UFO Investigator", has made extensive appeals to its members in with the Air Force requesting a hearing to investigate the Air Force's handling of the UFO program. In our opinion that this appeal prompted Mr. Keyhoe's letter to you.

Mr. Keyhoe, a man of about 59, was written to us on two previous occasions and was involved in answer to each of his two letters. From comparison of the language in his previous letters with that in the letter to you, it is obvious that Major Keyhoe, with the majority of the information contained in this most recent letter, it is probable that he copied it from some NICAP publication.

Following are some observations regarding statements in Mr. Keyhoe's letter:

The Air Force has no record of the manner of attacks which have been made by our pilots to intercept UFO's however, such action is not unusual and does not prove that these objects were anything other than as claimed by the Air Force. The Air Force attempts to intercept any object which is unidentified and has preventive procedures.


- page 28 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

In many instances, the pilot, upon returning to the ground, realizes that he has been struggling to close in on several objects such as a planet. The Uran case with Captain Killian of the 4th Air Force, on 8 April, 1956, was due to the misidentification of the planet Venus. Our records reveal that Captain Kyne was not directed by the Air Force to investigate the object and that, according to his own statement, he did not derive from course for this or any other purpose. The fact that Captain Kyne arrived at Selfridge, his destination, on schedule, tends to substantiate the claim that he did not drive from course.

Scientific and engineers, though expert in their own field, can temporarily misidentify some object or phenomenon, thus reporting it as an unidentified flying object. It is, in fact, possible for a scientist to be fooled by an occurrence closely associated with his specialized field as evidenced by the experience of Dr. Donald H. Menzel of Harvard, a noted astronomer. Dr. Menzel was fooled for a time by the reflected image of the star Sirius. This experience is related in Chapter IV, page 60, of his forthcoming book, THE UFO PROBLEM, published by Doubleday.

There are sightings in the Air Force files which indicate well lighting or some similar circumstances as the probable cause. Due to the infrequent occurrence and the transient nature of well lighting, it is impossible to have good documented reports on this phenomenon. In most of these cases, witnesses have reported interference with vehicle ignition, light, radio, etc. Such interference, if actually occurring, would be due to the presence of the lightning or to the fact that the vehicle was in his most intense way experiencing well known electrical troubles. Atmospheric static, usually occurs immediately following a severe thunderstorm, such factors as wet ignition, atmospheric static, etc., may be the cause for the reported troubles.

The Air Force has taken Geiger counter readings immediately after sightings but has yet to find any readings which vary significantly from the normal background of the area tested.

Radar sightings are often supported by visual sightings because the same atmospheric conditions which produce visual anomalies may also affect radar.

It is Air Force policy to provide news media with information regarding UFO sightings which reach national prominence and to provide information to individuals in response to their specific request. A copy of the most recent summary of UFO data for the years 1950 through 1962 is attached. Further, the last edition of the Encyclopedia Britannica will carry an article on unidentified flying objects. This article, also already, has been approved by the Air Force, and was prepared by Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Chairman of the Department of Astronomy at Northwestern University, who was an Air Force consultant to the UFO project since 1940.

2


- page 29 -

In order that the public be provided with as much information as possible, every effort is made to keep UFO sightings unclassified. Unquestionably information indicates the classification of a sighting and not the sighting itself. Since 1959, 106 cases of 2,167 are classified and only four of the 53 unidentified cases for this period are classified.

The number of foreign reports that have come to our attention do not differ measurably from those originating in the U. S. either in the presentation of the data or in the determined probable cause.

The Air Force has no knowledge of a 1940 document by ATIC which states that 1947 are interceptory space ships. One of the original documents establishing the project actually was to determine if any evidence from sightings suggests that UFOs are of interplanetary origin. It is possible that the meaning of this document was misinterpreted. The Air Force's own studies, and investigators and analysts have no preconceived notion as to the cause for a sighting but rather form their conclusions from the evidence. No data to previous has been found to lead us to even suspect that these objects are interplanetary space ships.

Unidentified aerial phenomena constitute only a part of the noise which our defense detection systems must take into account in preventing accidental war. Scientific studies too extensive to be discussed here, are being continued to determine the extent and nature of this noise for investigation into our defensive aspects.


- page 30 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

STAFF SUMMARY SHEET

TO: TDG
ROUTE: 1
DESIRED ACTION: Signature
DATE: 18 July 1963
OFFICE OF PREPARATION: TDE
GRADE-SURNAME: Col de Jonckheere
PHONE: 72111

SUBJECT: Congressional Correspondence on the U.S. Air Force UFO Program, Congressman Carl Vinson

1. Congressional correspondence on UFO's received by this Deputy is routine; however, I believe that this letter to AFNIN from Congressman Carl Vinson requires your personal attention since it suggests the possibility of a Congressional hearing.

2. There have been two Congressional briefings on the program, one in the summer of 1958 and the other in the summer of 1960. During the summer Mr. Hines, a staff member of the House Space and Astronautics Committee, on our method of handling the program and our findings. Mr. Hines was visiting FTD to gather background information on the program for Congressman Joseph Karth, a member of the committee. As a result of Mr. Hines' report, Mr. Karth recommended to Chairman Overton Brooks that there be no hearings.

3. Earlier this year an article on unidentified flying objects was prepared for the Encyclopaedia Britannica by Dr. J. Allen Hynek of Northwestern University, consultant to our UFO program, and Lt Col Robert J. Friend, Mr. A. Francis Arcier made many suggestions and approved the final article which is to appear in the next edition of the Encyclopaedia Britannica. Mr. Arcier decided that the article should be prepared by Dr. Hynek to prevent unnecessary publicity for FTD and to gain the prestige which Dr. Hynek's name carries. I suggested to AFNIN that a copy of this article be attached to the letter to Mr. Vinson.

4. If you approve my proposed reply to Congressman Vinson, I will send information copies to SAFOI and to AFSC(SCFA).

5. The background section of this folder contains the following:
a. AFNIN letter to FTD
b. Copies of the documents which established the UFO project
c. Documents related to Mr. Hines' visit to FTD
d. Congressman Karth's letter to Major Keyhoe
e. UFO article which will appear in Encyclopaed Britannica

6. If you desire any further information, Lt Col Friend and I will be available.

Do not forward to Command Section until this block has been signed and dated by the appropriate OPL. This block, when signed, signifies completed coordination and that the OPL is aware of concurrence, non-concurrence and either resolution of difference or why the non-concurrence should be overridden.

Signature: [illegible]
Date: 7/16/63

AFSC FORM 149
PREVIOUS EDITION OF THIS FORM MAY BE USED


- page 31 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFNIN

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: Commander
FITD
Wright-Patterson AFB Ohio

1. The attached correspondence is forwarded for the preparation of a draft of a proposed reply to Honorable Carl Vinson.

2. Also attached for your investigation and analysis is a letter from John P. Speights relative to unidentified flying objects.

3. The suspense to AFNIN must be by 21 July 1963.

FOR THE CHIEF OF STAFF

[Signature of Donald M. Dessert]

DONALD M. DESSERT
LTCOL, USAF
Office, Assistant Chief of Staff
Intelligence

2 Atch
1. Ltr Carl Vinson, July 8
2. Ltr John P. Speights, July 2

Copy furnished:
AFSC (SCF) Andrews AFB


- page 32 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TD-3

SUBJECT: Congressional Investigation of the UFO Program

TO: TWO(General Pierce)

1. An article appeared in the 17 July 1961, issue of Newsweek, stating the possibility of a congressional investigation of the USAF UFO Program. Contact with the Secretary of Air Force, Legislative Liaison Office(SAFL) revealed that there was no official information concerning such an investigation. However, SAFL pointed out that unofficially there were indications that such an investigation would take place.

2. Unofficial sources (SAFL) have it that Congressman Joseph E. Karth, Minnesota, of the House Science and Astronautics Committee (Congressional Research Team), Los Angeles Chamber of World Trade, has been investigating the USAF in handling the UFO Program and specifically the capabilities of FTD in the, angling and investigation area.

3. SAFL's present efforts are directed toward heading off the investigation, or, if it is to occur, having it take place in Washington D.C. with Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Consultant to the UFO Program and Major Robert J. Firend, Aerial Phenomena Branch ET-3 in attendance.

4. If the investigation is carried out at FTD I intend to handle it within the Deputy unless otherwise directed.

EDWARD H. WYNN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components


- page 33 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TDG
Unidentified Flying Objects                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


- page 34 -

5. I suggest that a copy of the UFO article by Dr. J. Allen Hynek which is to appear in the next edition of the Encyclopaedia Britannica be attached to Congressman Vinson's letter.

ARTHUR J. PIERCE
Brigadier General, USAF
Commander

5 Atch
1. Ltr Carl Vinson, 8 Jul 63.
2. Ltr J.P. Speights, 2 Jul 63.
3. Proposed reply to C. Vinson.
4. 2 cy ltr Rep Karth to Maj Keyhoe, 28 Aug 61.
5. 2 cy excerpt fm Encyclopaedia Britannica.

COORDINATION:
TDE         Col Eric T. de Jonckheere           Date 7/8/63
TDEW         Mr. Fred P. Van Dame               Date 18 July 63
TDEW         Lt Col Robert J. Friend            Date 18 July 63


- page 35 -

Dear Mr. Chairman:

I refer to your letter of 8 July 1963 requesting the latest Air Force position on unidentified aerial phenomena.

The Air Force's principal interest in these objects/phenomena is in determining if they are in any way a threat to our national security or if they are a source of new scientific or technical information. Further, the Air Force attempts to determine the cause of each sighting in order to allay public anxiety resulting from an incident involving unidentified aerial phenomena.

Better than 90 per cent of the more than 7500 cases investigated since 1947 have been attributed to the misidentification of such familiar objects as balloons, aircraft, and satellites, and such unfamiliar phenomena as parhelia and mirages. A small percentage of cases remains unidentified due, for the most part, to the limited nature of the report. To date there has been no evidence from any case to indicate that these objects/phenomena are any type of space craft other than earth satellites or space probes of the Soviet Union or of the United States.

In the United States there are more than fifty private unidentified flying object (UFO) organizations. Collectively, these organizations boast more than 500,000 members. During the 1960 Presidential election, the members of these organizations actually nominated their own candidate who allegedly threw his


- page 36 -

