The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which contains textual information about a reported UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10973 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 11 September 1952
2. LOCATION: Madisonville, Kentucky
3. SHAPE: Elliptical
4. DURATION: 1 hour 30 minutes
5. NO. OF OBJECTS: Multiple
6. DISTANCE: 5 to 6 miles
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 hour 30 minutes
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Multiple
9. COURSE: Elliptical
10. DESCRIPTION: Observation of spinning glass-fiber like objects with apparent spin class. Fiber-like objects observed floating and descending with 15 mph wind.
11. CONCLUSIONS: Weather Balloon, Possible Meteor, Possible Astronomical.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. Outside
c. In a car
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Circles from a to f and further details written in the space below the question.

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): 
a. North, b. South, c. East, d. Southeast, e. Southwest, f. West, g. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): Yes / No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One):
a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One):
a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: From true North ____90__ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: From true North ____270_ degrees.

- page 2 -

This document contains two illustrations, but no photographic images.

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it. Refer to smaller sketch to estimate the size of the object in the larger sketch.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memorandum from the Kentucky State Police regarding an incident involving substance falling from the atmosphere.

HEADQUARTERS
KENTUCKY STATE POLICE
FRANKFORT

MEMORANDUM

REF. FILE NO.
DATE: September 12, 1952

TO: Commander, Post No.
FROM: Sgt. Homer Joe B. McCleaster
SUBJECT: Incident report concerning substance falling from atmosphere

Sir, September 11, 1952, this unit was dispatched to Madisonville, Kentucky, in response to a report of some mysterious substances falling from the atmosphere. Upon arrival, it was ascertained that at approximately 7:30 PM on September 10, 1952, a group of citizens observed a shower of what appeared to be some type of shiny metallic particles falling from the sky. These particles were reported to be about the size of a BB, and were suspended in the atmosphere for a brief period before slowly drifting to the ground. No detonations or sounds were reported prior to or during the incident.

The reporting officer, Lt. Hicks, was advised that this type of incident had occurred in the area on prior occasions, and that no further investigation was deemed necessary by this office. It is the opinion of this department that this was likely a natural meteorological phenomenon, and no evidence of any unidentified flying object was found.

Joe B. McCleaster, Trooper
cc: Col. Roland 
    Ordnance Technology Division
    Wright-Patterson AFB
    Dayton, Ohio
Attn: T.D.F.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page of text from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

One of the most recent reports of angel hair came from Sarine,
Kentucky, on September 23, 1962, where state police and the local
Civil Defense Director were called to investigate a strange substance that looked like spun glass, which had been floating down
near the residence of Mr. Y in great quantities for some hours on
the 22nd. According to the state police and local defense
authorities, the material might be chemicals used in cloud seeding,
which the scientists from a detective filter in a chemical or industrial
plant, or the chemicals that create glass fiber in a chemical or textile
plant, were affected in some way.
The search continued. It is little better than a still hypothetical result-
ing from the activities of migrating spiders. The report concluded: "A substantial amount of angel hair was evidence which cannot be
accounted for, so far as the laboratory tests and the appearance observed
was concerned. It is little better than a still hypothetical resulting
from the activities of migrating spiders which is normal for the season."
The youth migration of spiders and sloughing of some remains in an
environment makes a more reasonable explanation of angel hair: it is far less fantastic than a still hypothetical resulting of a clandestine
origin.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a document with text. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document.

24. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

25. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
G. Moon Y ear 1962 MONTH

26. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

26.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

26.2 Please list their names and addresses:
GEORGE EDWARDS JR.
MADISONVILLE, KENTUCKY

27. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 6 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically the "Madisonville, Kentucky" report dated September 8, 1962.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One)     Yes     No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 15,000

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One)     Yes     No  
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED] 
ADDRESS: 1500 Kenttucky Street, Madisonville, Kentucky
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
Age: - Sex: -
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: - Day - Month - Year

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about observed unidentified objects.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? 
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. Overhead e. Don't remember
FTD JN 61 164 THIS FORM SUPERSEDES PREVIOUS EDITION, ATC 164, JUN 59, WHICH IS OBSOLETE.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, with a questionnaire or form filled out.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. As a light, b. Shiny, c. Dark, d. Don't remember

10. IF it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't Know, Suddenly speed up and then slow down at any time? Yes / No / Don't Know, Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't Know, Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't Know, Change shape? Yes / No / Don't Know, Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't Know, Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle Yes/No) Eyeglasses, Sun glasses, Binoculars, Telescope, Window glass, Other

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Whistling
b. Color: Bright

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, projections, etc., and especially show details or vapor trails if the object was moving.
25 - 30 - Triangular

18. The shape of the object was:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO investigation report form with several questions and blank spaces for answers.

DRAWN OUT OBJECT SIGHTING

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match held?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

MOTION OUT DESCENT

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 11 -

