PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 28 Apr 62

2. LOCATION: Edwards AFB, Calif.

12. CONCLUSIONS
[  ] Was Balloon
[  ] Probably Balloon
[  ] Possibly Balloon
[  ] Was Aircraft
[  ] Probably Aircraft
[  ] Possibly Aircraft
[  ] Was Astronomical
[  ] Probably Astronomical
[  ] Possibly Astronomical
[X] Insufficient Data for Evaluation
[  ] Unknown

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: _______________
GMT: _______________

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[  ] Ground-Visual          [  ] Ground-Radar
[X] Air-Visual              [  ] Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
:B.Y.s
[ ] No

6. SOURCE
Military

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS

9. COURSE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
X-15 photos on movie film. Partial strip sent to FITD for analysis. Con-tract organization having the film promised into to be forwarded, however, this was not received by FITD.

Note: Film strip sent to Dr Hynek since no obj was depicted. To be used by him as illustration of high alt photography.

11. COMMENTS
Analysis of the strip that was received showed only the "chase plane" as an obj which have been considered unidentified. Case considered as insufficient data until such time as the film is supplied for analysis.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 24 SEP 52)

- page 1 -

SOURCE: Flying Saucer Review - JULY AUG 62

X-15 PILOT SHOWS HIS FILM

How Joe Walker nearly broke the news

[illegible section - text too faint to read reliably in opening paragraph]

[The middle section contains several paragraphs of body text that are severely degraded and largely illegible due to image quality]

[Handwritten note at bottom of page appears to reference:]
"PICTURES REPORTED BY NASA PILOT
JOE WALKER MAY NOT BEEN IDENTIFIED AS
UFO PHOTOGRAPHS BY THE ANALYSIS
MADE BY THE SCIENTIFIC CONSULTING
ON THE TH AT IS LEFT TO IDENTIFICATION"

*For full details of this release, see page 11 of this issue.

- page 2 -

[stamp: DECLASSIFIED]

OF THE FREQUENTLY UNIDENTIFIABLE OBJECTS
OBSERVED ON RADAR AT EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE, CALIFORNIA. FULL TEXT OF AVAILABLE LYNX MAY 27 PUBLIC INFORMATION OFFICER EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE, CALIFORNIA

The contents of this cahle must have been simultaneously received at home on May 21
the Daito (Triangle) and at key of the explanation to the cable with a Washington
dateline. Another analysis of the Cable revealed
by Base is still locked in mystery.

The object and the Daito Triangle,
were sighted well within operational Air
Station. On May 24 the Petersburg column carried the Daringly "Explanation is swiftly in doubt"
beginning "one more extravagant than belief in
flying saucers," it was suggested by the scientists Mr. Charles Gibbs-Smith, Keeper of Ex-
hibition of the Air Museum at National Air
Museum. This was known of the report that an
American radar operator had identified some
strange objects as latest aircraft. For the love of
M[illegible] the experiment, to say said that
the loss of that signal airscrew

"I tried to talk to each individual that
it back again. The expert explains were set to
work and, in all the circumstances, it must be
admitted that they did an excellent job; the
newspapers praised the "explanation" without
comment and their readers were able to digest,
and forgot, or, differences. According to the
cable

It is disappointing to learn that the United

[right column]
of the explanation. Still, least said send not cold
would be quite valid if a double sealed with...

After all, if war sincere be all that was at
seemed by the time it reached him, and other
should they be based that it to a tale: the plane was at
the V of 20 yesrds to be terminated.

The cable received from NASA is very care-
fully worded. It read: "In answer to information
in allusion, there was a part of last stage of a
missile of U.S.S.R. as well as in its past [illegible]
explosion in the south-west in the whole
in first. Who is an [illegible] it the Far East that
the facts

antennae shout in public and it would seem
that he had a point, for he was in the "know",
and the W[illegible] audience had free Walkers him-
self most down if the press. She then would not
have been there—it is. It would be interesting
to hear from someone at The audience who there
think of the explanation.

The message about the situation would appear
to that NASA it Atav had originally guarded
permission to the W[illegible] or would have it from
the him, w're sure that the United States Air
Force would blame it to say an [illegible] of the base,
however, nor further authorized interested in put
lining out the Taoist S

X-15 PILOT SHOWS B[illegible] FILM

(Continued from page 4)

States is prepared to carry its "Skydatherm"
into outer space. It had been hoped that is the
UFOs at sight heights could not be regarded as
intruders over the home territory; their existence
could be admitted. If UFOs bases were to be
found on the Moon, would the taxpayers who
made the discovery possible be allowed to know
the truth?

13

- page 3 -

[NON-TEXT PAGE: blank page with document reference mark "D" in lower right corner]

- page 4 -

Air Force Systems C
NEWSREV

AUGUST 1962                                    Forging Military Spacepower

Record X-15 Flight Brings White Nei

Earns AFSC Major First
Astronaut Wings In Comd
And 2nd 'Primus' Honor

When Maj. Robert M. White, famed X-15 pilot, pushed his tiny rocket powered research craft to an altitude of 314,750 feet July 17, he scored more aerospace firsts than the casual observer would probably notice.

His more obvious accomplishments included becoming the first man to qualify as an astronaut in a winged aircraft and becoming the first Air Force Systems Command member to wear astronaut wings.

To earn the name and the wings of an astronaut, Major White had to reach an altitude of 50 miles. He bettered this mark by 6 miles in a flight which lasted only 11 minutes after the X-15 was released from the B-52 mother aircraft.

The historic flight shattered an earlier X-15 altitude record jointly held by Major White and National Aeronautics and Space Administration test pilot Joe Walker. That record was in the neighborhood of 246,700 feet.

As Major White figuratively gave the X-15 a 69,000 pounds of thrust a kick in the pants, he nosed the craft upward in the steepest angle of climb yet attempted in the X-15 program. The liquid cooled rocket engine burned 71 seconds and achieved a speed of 3,784 mph was attained at an altitude of 156,000 feet.

Last month's flight had been originally programmed for 282,000 feet with a maximum speed of 3,500 mph. The flight as planned would have reached an altitude of 53.4 miles, more than enough for the award of astronaut wings.

Shortly after the flight, Major White was flown to Washington, D. C., where he was presented astronaut wings by Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. Curtis E. LeMay in a Pentagon ceremony on July 18. Mrs. White was present for the occasion and pinned on the major's new wings.

On the same day, President Kennedy presented the major and three other X-15 pilots, Scott Crossfield, Joe Walker, and Navy Comdr. Forrest Petersen, the coveted Collier Trophy for contributions to aviation through X-15 flights.

During the time of peak excitement
(Continued on page 4)

Major Robert M. White is met on Rogers Dry Lake by his sixty-year-old son, Gregory after his record altitude flight. The famed X-15 pilot, a charter member of the AFSC, won his astronaut wings in his record flight. The accomplishment came becoming the first man to earn astronaut wings in a completely pilot controlled vehi

- page 5 -

Air Force Systems Command
NEWSREVIEW

Forging Military Spacepower                                                                Vol. 6, No. 8

Flight Brings White New Laurels

[NON-TEXT PAGE: black-and-white photograph of two men in military flight suits, one seated and one standing, examining what appears to be flight equipment or controls]

Major Robert M. White is met on Rogers Dry Lake by his twelve-year-old son, Gregory, after the historic flight to an altitude record for winged craft. The famed X-15 pilot, a charter member of the Af-C Aerospace Primus Club, soared to new altitudes of almost 50 miles in a recent flight. The accomplishment earned the major the distinction of becoming the first man to earn astronaut wings in a completely pilot-controlled vehicle.

- page 6 -

EDITORIAL

[photograph: black-and-white portrait of a military officer in uniform]

Effects Of Nuclear Weapons

One of the reasons for this year's series of US atmospheric nuclear tests, as President Kennedy said last March, was to advance our knowledge of nuclear weapon effects.

This knowledge is extremely important to the Air Force Systems Command because our weapon systems must operate effectively in a nuclear environment and they must be effective against enemy weapon systems.

A clear understanding of nuclear effects is necessary to solutions of problems related to survival of the retaliatory force's hardened missile and communications sites, to destruction of enemy re-entry vehicles, and to hardening of our re-entry vehicles against enemy ICBM systems.

When the moratorium on nuclear testing began in 1958, it was, of course, necessary to redirect the Air Force Special Weapons Center's nuclear effects research program. Faced with urgent requirements for effects data, the Special Weapons Center had, where possible, to find ways other than by actual testing, to provide the needed information.

The Center made significant progress in finding new sources of effects data during the moratorium years. A great many theoretical investigations were conducted with the aid of high speed digital computers. Laboratory simulation techniques were developed as a relatively inexpensive means of studying certain effects.

Literally hundreds of experiments, which could be considered as small scale effects tests, have been conducted at the Center. The experiments all have been non-nuclear and have taken place under controlled laboratory conditions. Many more will take place in the months to come as we begin operations in our new nuclear warfare research laboratory.

Nuclear effects research has had and will continue to have an impact throughout AFSC. As President Kennedy said:

"We are spending great sums of money in order to tailor our defense and to develop possible anti-missile systems . . . on the communications which enable our command and control centers to direct a response . . . on hardening our missile sites . . . shielding our missiles and warheads from defensive action and providing them with electronic guidance systems to find their targets.

"But we cannot be certain how much of this preparation will turn out to be useless; blacked out, paralyzed or destroyed by the complex effects of nuclear explosions."

Along with full scale tests like those conducted in the Pacific this year, Special Weapons Center theoretical work and laboratory effects simulation will help provide the certainty that the Air Force must have that its weapons and equipment will be able to survive and operate in the environment of a nuclear detonation, whether on earth or in space.

Brig. Gen. John W. White
Commander, AFSWC

A★F★
newsre[view]

AUGUST, 1962

The AFSC NEWSREVIEW is an official Gen. Class IV Air Force newspaper, pub-lished monthly by and for personnel Maj. of the Air Force Systems Command. Opinions expressed herein are Col. not necessarily represent those of the Air Force. Information contained in the Maj. AFSC NEWSREVIEW may be repro- Chief duced provided proper credit is given Stat. to the source. Official USAF photos un-less otherwise indicated. Marc

Contents

Patrick AFB Solves Holiday Road Haz-They stay at home and like it

Man's 'Pressurability' Tested . . . . .
How well will he withstand spac

Preparing Atlas Boosters For Manned
Air Force experts leave nothing

Aerospace Education Conference Hel
Base-community venture to fulfil

Second Bionics Symposium Stated . .
ASD and Dayton, Ohio will be t

War College Associate Courses Called
Being established on nation-wide

Grooming Pilots For Leading Space I
Curriculum and philosophy shop

BSD Officer Earns Doctorate . . . . .
A 20-year educational haul pays

Bootstrapper Enrolled In Advanced R
One of 22 pursuing graduate stu

ECMR Man Awarded Top Scouting
Wins 'Silver Beaver' for long, ot

Operations . . . . . . . . 6    AFSC Briefs . . . . . . . .
Management . . . . . . . . 14   Safety Crossover . . . . . .

Hq AFSC, Andrews AFB, Washi

AFSC Deputy Commander
Aerospace Systems
Los Angeles 45, Calif.

Ballistic Systems Division,
Los Angeles 45, Calif.

Space Systems Division,
Los Angeles 45, Calif.

Electronic Systems Division,
L. G. Hanscom Field,
Bedford, Mass.

Aeronautical Systems Division,
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Aero-Space Technology Division,
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Aerospace Medical Division,
Brooks AFB, Tex.

Research and Technology Division,
Bolling AFB, Wash. 25, D. C.

AF Missile Test Center,
Patrick AFB, Fla.

Air P
Engil

AF S
Speci
Area

AF I
Reali
Emir

AF E
Equip
Engin

AF I
Missi
Agrar
Aero

U.S. Air Force—Aerospace

- page 7 -

A★F★S★C
newsreview

AUGUST, 1962                                Volume 6, No. 8

The AFSC NEWSREVIEW is an official    Gen. Bernard A. Schriever,
Class IV Air Force newspaper, pub-         Command er, AFSC
lished monthly by and for personnel    Maj. Gen. Clyda H. Mitchell,
of the Air Force Systems Command.          Vice Commander, AFSC

Opinions expressed herein do not     Col. Richard K. Jacobson,
necessarily represent those of the Air     Director of Information, AFSC
Force. Information contained in this    Maj. Edward C. Tarbulton,
AFSC NEWSREVIEW may be repro-         Chief, Internal Information Division
duced provided proper credit is given    SSgt. George E. Fleming, Editor
the source. Official USAF photos un-    Margaret C. English,
less otherwise indicated.                    Associate Editor

Contents

Patrick AFB Solves Holiday Road Hazard Problem . . . . . . 5
   They stay at home and like it
Man's 'Pressurability' Tested . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
   How well will he withstand space flight?
Preparing Atlas Boosters For Manned Space Shots . . . . . . 7
   Air Force experts leave nothing to chance
Aerospace Education Conference Held . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
   Base-community venture to fulfill tomorrow's needs
Second Bionics Symposium Stated . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8
   ASD and Dayton, Ohio will be hosts
War College Associate Courses Called Success . . . . . . . . . 10
   Being established on nation-wide scale
Grooming Pilots For Leading Space Roles . . . . . . . . . . . . 11
   Curriculum and philosophy shaped by the future
BSD Officer Earns Doctorate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12
   A 20-year educational haul pays off
Bootstrapper Enrolled In Advanced R&D Class . . . . . . . . 13
   One of 22 pursuing graduate studies at Eglin
ECMR Man Awarded Top Scouting Prize . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
   Wins Silver Beaver for long, outstanding service

Operations . . . . . . . . 6    AFSC Briefs . . . . . . . . 9    Aircraft on People . . . 12
Management . . . . . . 8    AFSC Observer . . . . 11    Social Sites . . . . . . . 16

Hq AFSC, Andrews AFB, Washington 25, D. C.

AFSC Deputy Commander                 Air Proving Ground Center,
Aerospace Systems                      Eglin AFB, Fla.
Los Angeles 45, Calif.                Eglin Test Center,
                                       Kirkland AFB, N.M.
Ballistic Systems Division,            Arnold Engineering Development Center,
Los Angeles 45, Calif.                 Arnold AFS, Tenn.

Space Systems Division,                AF Missile Development Center,
Los Angeles 45, Calif.                 Holloman AFB, N. M.

Electronic Systems Division,           AF Weapons Lab,
L.G. Hanscom Field,                    Kirtland AFB, N.M.
Bedford, Mass.                         Griffiss AFB, N.Y.

Aeronautical Systems Division,         AF Flight Test Center,
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio             Edwards AFB, Calif.

Foreign Technology Division,           Eastern Contract Management Region
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio             Columbus AFB, Fla.

Aerospace Medical Division,            Central Contract Management Region
Brooks AFB, Tex.                       Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Research and Technology Division       Western Contract Management Region
Bolling AFB, Wash. 25, D.C.           Mira Loma AF Station, Calif.

AF Missile Test Center,                Armed Services Technical Information
Patrick AFB, Fla.                      Agency, Arlington Hall Station,
                                       Arlington, Va.

U.S. Air Force—Aerospace Power For Peace

AFSC NEWS REVIEW, AUGUST 1962

- page 8 -

Building Best Enlisted Leadership
is Role of Senior NCO Academy

Since 1955, more than 4,000 non-commissioned officers have graduated from the Air Force Systems Command's School NCO Academy at Kirtland AFB in Albuquerque, N. M. Academy and military training are combined at the academy in a hard-hitting program designed to equip non-commissioned leaders to handle their Air Force responsibilities at a time in history when demands on leadership, moral responsibility and military know-how are the greatest of all time. More than seven years ago, the Air Force recognized the need for further professional training for NCOs. Such training long had been unavailable to commissioned officers through such Air University programs as the Squadron Officers School, Air Command and Staff School, and the Air War College. But for NCOs, there was little opportunity beyond basic training to receive advanced instruction in military leadership.

With the dawn of the ballistic missile age and space age, it became apparent that the Air Force was going to need the very best, most skilled men with the very best training.

The USAF authorized academy training for NCOs, with the scope and nature of courses to be determined by major commands. In late 1954, the commander of Kirtland AFB was the Air Research and Development Command authorized establishment of a Senior NCO Academy for the science, engineering and testing arm of the Air Force. Kirtland was selected as the academy site because of the base's central location and availability of adequate dormitory and classroom facilities.

The first class of 62 master sergeants entered training in January, 1955. They were the first of more than 4,000 men who have come, not only from the Systems Command, but from the Air Force Academy, Air Defense Command, Headquarters Command, Continental Air Command, Air Force Communications Service and even the Army.

Today the academy graduates eight classes, or 600 men a year. Courses are six weeks long.

Basic concept of the academy is that the noncom needs professional skill, not only in technical fields but in leadership. He must have a strong sense of moral responsibility, pride in the service, and concern for the welfare of his colleagues and subordinates.

Six weeks at the academy are no vacation. There's hard work and lots of it. A military atmosphere prevails throughout the course. Academy instructors say this is vital to stimulate observation of proper military rules of conduct. Emphasis is placed on correct military dress, appearance and bearing. There is instruction in drill and ceremonies. Air Force customs, traditions and protocol.

Other outstanding graduates receive achievement certificates. Each graduate receives a distinctive diploma, symbol of achievement through diligent individual application to a demanding course of study.

A student's work day begins at 5:15 in the morning. Until 6 p.m. he is in the evening, he is busy with drill, academic instruction and sports. Evening study hours are from 6:30 to 9:30. Students have to be in quarters at 11:30 each night except Sundays and evenings preceding academy recognized holidays. Saturday begins at 5:15, but students normally are free from duty by noon. Sunday is the day off.

The academy is staffed by two officers, 15 enlisted commissioned officer instructors, and five airmen who work in supply, administration and in the audio visual program, and two civilian secretaries.

Commandant is Lt. Col. John S. Albright, who holds a BS degree from the University of Maryland, and MA degrees from Maryland and Denver Universities.

[Caption under upper photograph:]
Pointing out a trouble spot during a world affairs class is SMSgt. Joseph H. Corbia. Students are (from left) TSgt. Johnny C. Schultz, Air Proving Ground Center; TSgt. Jakey H. Windham, Air Force Missile Development Center; and SMSgt. Howard J. McElberry, APGC.

The academy's program includes instruction in command history and organization, world affairs, and collective security.

The work's hardest at the academy, but the thing's good. Students enjoy the best possible accommodations. Quarters are in a modern two story, air conditioned building. Two men occupy each room equipped with steel wall bookshelves, study desk, lamp, chairs, two chests of drawers, a locker, and three-quarter beds with interspersing mattresses. Automatic washing machines, driers, irons, ironing boards, tape recorders and typewriters are available for student use. A library containing books and periodicals covering all subjects taught at the academy is located in the dormitory, along with a study room.

Physical fitness is an important part of academy life. Each student is expected to participate in the sports program which consists of volleyball, horseshoes and softball. Swimming is optional in the summer months.

A major theme at the academy is competition. Competition between the three student flights is carried out in sports, inspections, parades, reviews and in academic areas, and is topped off at the end of each six-week course at the graduation banquet, when awards and honors are announced.

One flight is designated the honor flight. Its achievement is engraved on a plaque permanently displayed in the dayroom.

Individual awards are the Honor Graduate Award, presented on the basis of academic grades and military merit; the Academic Award, presented to the student other than the honor graduate with the highest average in academic subjects alone; and the Commandant's Award for the honor and other than the honor graduate with the highest level of military merit and demonstrated leadership qualities.

[Caption under lower photograph:]
It isn't all work. On the afternoon coffee break, Tsgt. Danny L. Johnson of Hq Sq of DIA's second front right, talk things over. Lt. Col. John S. Albright (center) and SMSgt.

AFSC NEWS REVIEW, AUGUST 1962

- page 9 -

ed Leadership
NCO Academy

d history and organization, world
rts, and collective security.
The work's hard at the academy, but
loving's good. Students enjoy the
possible accommodations. Quar-
ters are in a modern two-story, air
ditioned buildings. Two hvac
oom equipped with steel lock-
study desk, lamp, chairs, two chest of
drawers, and three-quarter width
ly with innerspring mattresses.
Automatic washing machines, driers,
ers, ironing boards, tape recorders
s speadders are available for stu-
nt use. A library contains books
e textbooks covering all subjects
aught at the academy is located in the
um, along with a student writing

Physical fitness is an important part
academy life. Each student is ex-

Other outstanding graduates receive
achievement certificates. Each graduate
receives a distinctive diploma, symbol
of achievement through diligent indi-
vidual application to a demanding
course of study.

A student's work day begins at 5:15
in the morning. Until five in the eve-
ning, he is busy with drill, academic
instruction and sports. Evening study
hours are from 6:30 to 9:30. Students
have to be in quarters at 11:30 each
night except Saturdays and evenings
preceding academy recognized holidays.
Saturday begins at 5:15, but students
normally are free from duty by noon.
Sunday is the day off.

The academy is staffed by two offi-
cers, 15 noncommissioned officer in-
structors, and five airmen who work in
supply, administration and in the radio
visual program, and two civilian secre-
taries.

Commandant is Lt. Col. John S. Al-
bright, who holds a BS degree from the
University of Maryland, and M.A de-
grees from Maryland and Denver Uni-

Academy instructors give personal at-
tention to the problems of students.
Here SMSgt. John A. Krift, military
training instructor, explains a point to
TSgt. John H. Green of Oklahoma City
AF Station.

versity. Deputy commandant Maj. Hol-
lis T. Mcsmaw holds B A and M A
degrees from Arizona State University.
Instructors are among the finest in
the Air Force. The majority are gradu-
ates of the Air University's Academic
Instructor School. More than half have
completed the Communist Strategy
Course conducted by the State Depart-
ment's Foreign Service Institute.

Superior performance of academy
graduates since 1955 in their Air Force
jobs is proof positive that the school has
been successful in carrying out its mis-
sion. That mission is to:

"Provide the noncommissioned offi-
cer with an understanding of his re-
sponsibilities and to instill in him a
desire to fulfill his leadership and
supervisory role."

Hundreds of favorable comments
have been received over the years from
commanders, officers and supervisors in
the field. There is no question but that
the academy's course improves leader-
ship qualities and gives a major con-
tribution toward keeping the Air Force
the world's most effective military or-
ganization.

Pointing out a trouble spot during a world affairs class is SMSgt. Joseph
H. Corbin. Students are (from left) TSgt. Johnny C. Schultz, Air Proving
Ground Center; TSgt. John H. Wendell, Air Force Missile Development
Center; and SMSgt. Howard J. McEldeery, APGC.

pected to participate in the sports pro-
gram which consists of volleyball,
horseoshoes and softball. Swimming is
optional in the summer months.

A major theme of the academy is
competition. Competitions between the
two student flights are carried out in
ports, inspections, parades, reviews and
academic areas, and is topped off at
the end of each six-week course at the
graduation banquet, when awards and
honors are announced.

The Flight is designated the honor
ght its achievement is engraved on
plaque permanently displayed in the
room.

Individual awards are the Honor
raduate Award, presented on the basis
of academic grades and military merit;
Academic Award, presented to the
udent other than the honor graduate
ho has the highest average in academic
jects, along and the Commandant's
award for the student, other than the
aor graduate and academic award
inner, who achieves the highest level
iors, merit and demonstrated
arship qualities.

It has all work. On the afternoon coffee break in the staff-student lounge,
TSgt. Danny L. Meador of Rockport AFS (left) and SSgt. Jack E. Cook
of Shaw AFB (second from right) relax over coffee with Commandant
Lt. Col. John S. Albright (center) and SMSgt. Conrad A. Jaffee, associate
director of training.

- page 10 -

(Continued from page 1)

Over the more glamorous and spectacular news, the exclusive AFSC Aerospace Primus Club quietly announced another significant first for Major White. He had become the first man twice honored by that organization. The announcement received little notice.

A charter member of Aerospace Primus, Major White was selected for membership on the basis of an altitude record he set with the X-15 on August 12, 1966. He reached an altitude of 354,200 feet, less than half of his recent record.

Known as the most exclusive club on earth, the Aerospace Primus Club was established Aug. 26, 1960 by Brig. B. A. Schriever, AFSC commander. There were 13 charter members. In the two years of its existence, only nine new members have been added.

Objectives of the club—stated in its charter—are to promote original accomplishment in the discovery, development, testing and use of techniques and equipment in furtherance of the aerospace program and to honor first individuals to attain or participate in aerospace accomplishments deemed to be of historic significance.

Membership in the club is restricted to military and civilian members of the Air Force who have accomplished significant aerospace firsts. A special Primus Club, made up of top military and civilian officials at Hq. AFSC, meets as required to nominate new members. All nominations are submitted to the AFSC commander for approval.

Charter members of the Primus Club were recognized for three spectacular aerospace achievements during the period of Aug. 9-19, 1960. Speaking of all that activity, General Schriever said, "We have achieved more important aerospace firsts in a span of time in history."

The period began with the successful launch of Discoverer XIII into orbit from Vandenberg AFB, Calif. The following day, the Discoverer XIII capsule became the first object in history to be recovered from orbit. On the same day, there were three successful Bomarc launches.

On Aug. 12, Major White set a new altitude record in the X-15 and an Air Force developed Thor boosted NASA communications balloon, Echo, into orbit.

On August 16, Capt. Joseph W. Kittinger, Jr., performed a record breaking parachute jump for which he received his second Distinguished Flying Cross.

The next day, a Bomarc missile sought out and destroyed a QB-47 drone aircraft.

The period of unprecedented success reached a climax on Aug. 19 when Capt. Harold E. Mitchell's C-119 crew made the first successful aerial catch of an object returning from space, the Discoverer XIV capsule.

In addition to Major White, the people closely associated with the space capsule aerial recovery and Captain Kittinger were selected as charter members of the Aerospace Primus Club.

General Schriever personally praised the individuals singled out and presented them with inscribed plaques on Aug. 26, 1960.

The feat which brought Primus Club membership to Captain Kittinger started with a first step that was followed by a 192,800 foot descent to earth. Stepping from the open gondola of a balloon high above the New Mexico desert, the plucky captain free-fell 85,300 feet before his parachute opened. During the free-fall period, 4 minutes 38 seconds, he reached a speed of 614 mph.

Captain Kittinger received his first D.F.C. in 1957 when he rode the altitude of 96,000 feet in an enclosed balloon gondola. His 1960 parachute descent shattered a jump and free-fall record he had established in November, 1959. For that accomplishment, he was awarded the 1959 Harmon Trophy.

The much publicized aerial catch of the XIV capsule earned C-119 aircraft commander Captain Mitchell and his entire crew Primus Club honors. Colonel Alvan N. Moore, 6524th Test Wing commander, also became a charter member of the club for his part in directing aerial recovery operations.

Members of Captain Mitchell's "Pelican Nine" crew included Capt. Desmond A. Apaka, co-pilot; 1 Lt. Robert G. Combs, navigator; TSgt. Louis F. Banmei, Ssgt. Alguene Harmon, Ssgt. Arthur P. Hurst, Ssgt. Wendell King.

[NON-TEXT PAGE: black-and-white photograph showing people in formal military dress with Air Force insignia]

Captain Joseph Kittinger starts the longest first step ever recorded, 192,800 feet. The capsule's record breaking parachute descent earned him charter membership in the Aerospace Primus Club.

AIC George W. Donshou, A2C Lester L. Poole and A2C Donald E. Hill.

Catch of the Discoverer capsule—ejected over Alaska on the satellite's 17th Polar orbit—was accomplished at an altitude of 8,500 feet. Captain Mitchell sighted the capsule parachute dead ahead of his aircraft at an altitude of about 10,500 feet.

A total of about 10 minutes were available to make the catch within the forty of its aircraft's operational altitude. The first attempt missed by a heart breaking six inches.

A second attempt, hastily executed, missed by as much as two or three feet. But, the third time was a charm and luckily so. Two decks of scattered clouds at about 7,000 feet could have made a fourth pass impractical.

Four of the remaining five Primus Club members were presented membership plaques as recently as June of this year. They were recognized by General Schriever in ceremonies at the Aerospace Medical Division, headquartered at Brooks AFB, Tex.

Three of the new members honored at AMD, TSgt. Lemis M. Moore and Ssgt. William V. Vargas and Roy E. McClure, are members of Air Rescue Service. They were selected for club membership on the basis of being the first parachute scuba team to recover a space capsule.

Shortly after the Discoverer XXV capsule plummeted into the Pacific Ocean on June 19, 1961 the three AIDS divers parachuted to it from an EC-54. Reactivating the capsule, they lifted it into a doughnut-shaped sling and prepared it to be hoisted aboard ship.

In addition to their hard selection for Primus Club membership, the three received.

[Astronaut wings represent flight of altitude of 50 miles or more. Major Robert M. White became the fifth man to receive such wings in Pentagon ceremonies.]

Major Air Force patron.

Major Sergean

Serg from a tude o 335 m first A operati record The certly beish som yet b plaque Cap Force space f ect M stone r a top s an alti light l. The Atlant Grisso wings Astr Major awarde date, h been r represe Aerosp

[Photograph caption text at bottom is partially illegible]

- page 11 -

DOCUMENT RECORD AND RECEIPT

FROM: (Activity transferring document)
1352 Photo Cp
Lookout Mt AFS
P.O. Woodland Ave.
Los Angeles 45, Calif.

DATE: 5/17/52

PAGE NUMBER: [blank]

CONTROL NUMBER: [blank]

SUBJECT DATE: [blank]

CLASSIFICATION: Unclassified

FILE DESIGNATION: #2-2357

TO: Lt. Col. Robert Friend
Hq Foreign Technology Division
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

INTERNAL ROUTING
TO | DATE | TO | DATE
1 | | 4 |
2 | | 5 |
3 | | 6 |

DATE DISPATCHED: 5/17/52

DISPOSITION OF DOCUMENT: (Indicate whether filed, returned, filed and the number of copies, subject, date mailed if classified, number of enclosures and enclosures, and any other identifying data. Changes in the description (Add items, withdrawals, etc.) will be shown with this date and initials of individual making change.)

Project 40-USA (2L-5452)
X-15 Lower Ventral #1-27-48 (UFO) 30 Apr 1952
1 ea 16mm color raster print approx 50' - UNCLASSIFIED
/ / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / 1 INCOMING FOLLOWS / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /

For study and file for future reference use.

SENDER WILL INDICATE IF RECEIPT IS REQUIRED: [ ] NO [XX] YES
(If YES, recipient will detach top copy, complete, and return to sender.)

RECEIVING OFFICE | TYPED OR PRINTED NAME, GRADE AND TITLE OF RECEIVER | SIGNATURE | DATE RECEIVED
[blank] | [blank] | [blank] | [blank]

FORM 2133
PREVIOUS EDITION OF THIS FORM WILL BE USED
UNTIL STOCK IS EXHAUSTED

- page 12 -

On Aug. 12, Major White set a new altitude record in the X-15 and an Air Force developed filter boosted his NASA communications balloon, Echo.

On August 16, Capt. Joseph W. Kittinger, Jr. performed a record breaking parachute jump for which he received his second Distinguished Flying Cross.

The next day, a Bomarc missile sought out and destroyed a QB-47 drone aircraft.

The period of unprecedented success reached a climax on Aug. 19 when Maj. Harold E. Mitchell's C-119 crew made the first successful aerial catch of an object returning from space, the Recovery XIV capsule.

In addition to Major White, the people directly involved with the space capsule aerial recovery operations and Captain Schriever personally praised 12 individuals earlier out and presented them with inscribed plaques on Aug. 26, 1960.

The next which brought Primus Club membership to Captain Kittinger started with a first step dive followed by a 102,800 foot descent to earth. Stepping from the open gondola of a balloon high above the New Mexico desert, the stocky captain freefell 84,300 feet before his parachute opened. During the freefell period, 4 minutes 38 seconds, he reached a speed of 614 mph.

Captain Kittinger received his first AFC in 1957 when he rose to an altitude of 96,000 feet in an enclosed nose cone.

[NON-TEXT PAGE: black-and-white photographs showing military personnel, astronaut wings insignia, and parachute operations]

Astronaut wings represent flight at altitudes of 50 miles or more. Major Robert M. White became the fifth man to receive wings in Pentagon conducted ceremonies.

[handwritten caption under top right photograph: Major and Mrs. Robert M. White and Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. Curtis E. LeMay chat informally after the astronaut wing ceremony.]

Icon gondola. His 1960 parachute descent shattered a jump and freefail record he had established in November 1959. For that accomplishment, he was awarded the 1959 Harmon Trophy.

The much publicized aerial catch of the NW capsule earned C-119 aircraft commander Captain Mitchell and his entire crew Primus Club honors. Colonel Alvan N. Moore, 6594th Test Wing commander, also became a charter member of the club for his part in directing aerial recovery operations.

Members of Captain Mitchell's "Pelican Spec" crew included Capt. Robert Raymond A. Apaka, co-pilot; Lt. Robert G. Coates, navigator; TSgt. Louis F. Bannicke; Syst. Alagene Harrison, Ssgt. Arthur P. Hurst, Ssgt. Wendell King.

Sergeants received Air Medals and the warm congratulations of Gen. Emmett O'Donnell Jr., CIC Pacific Air Forces, and Brig. Gen. Joseph A Cunningham, Air Rescue Service commander.

Also recognized at AMD ceremonies, TSgt. James A. Howell was the only command member among those recently selected. General Schriever presented Sergeant Howell's club plaque at an AFSC Commanders Conference which was being conducted at AMD.

Sergeant Howell made a test ejection from an F-106 aircraft flying at an altitude of 22,000 feet and at a speed of 535 mph on June 6, 1961. He was the first Air Force member to perform this operation. In addition to Primus Club recognition the feat earned him a D.F.C.

The fifth and final main of those recently selected for Primus Club membership, Air Force Capt. Virgil I. Grissom of NASA's astronaut team, has not yet been presented the distinctive club plaque.

Captain Grissom became the first Air Force member to achieve suborbital spaceflight on July 21, 1961. In a Project Mercury capsule flight he reached a height of 118 miles. From a Red stone rocket, Captain Grissom reached a maximum altitude of 5,300 miles and then lasted 16 minutes.

The suborbital flight down AFSC's Atlantic Missile Range enabled Captain Grissom for the first pair of astronaut wings awarded to an Air Force member.

Astronaut wings recently awarded to Major White were the second ones awarded to an Air Force member. To date, five pairs of astronaut wings have been awarded. Major White's wings represent a first for AFSC and for the Aerospace Primus Club.

[NON-TEXT PAGE: black-and-white photographs showing military personnel and paramedical operations]

[handwritten caption under bottom right photograph: Parachute scuba divers (from left) Msgt. William V. Vargas, Tsgt. Lenote M. Vigare and Ssgt. Ray E. McClure rest awhile and catch a breeze shortly before parachuting into the Pacific to retrieve Discoverer XXV.]

[stamp: AFSC NEWS REVIEW, AUGUST 1962]

- page 13 -

Patrick AF3 Solves Problem
Of Holiday Road Hazards

Each year during Labor Day week-end a staggering number of Americans become accident fatalities as they hurry about to have one last summer fling.

Whether it's a trip to the beach for swimming or skiing, or a visit to relatives several hundred miles away, most families use the highways to come ex-tent during the weekend.

His increased traffic, fatigued drivers who try to travel too far and the holi-day spirit all add up to a deadly week-end. Statistics prove the statement.

Last year concerned officials at Air Force Missile Test Center came up with a plan to give assigned personnel an opportunity to really celebrate the long weekend without risking the dangers of extensive travel.

A Labor Day sports festival was con-ducted with competitions in fishing, ping-pong, tennis, horseshoes, swim-ming, diving, pram racing, bowling, golf, baseball, softball, and yes, even pig racing.

According to Col. Henry Dittman, Patrick AFB commander, the program

Rocket Club Announces
Annual Essay Competition

The National Rocket Club has an-nounced it is sponsoring an annual na-tional essay competition on the his-toric development of rocketry and space. The competition is called the Dr. Robert H. Goddard Historical Essay Competition, in honor of the famous American rocket pioneer.

This competition is the first project of the National Rocket Club. According to the History of Rocketry and Astronautics and, according to the committee, the only literary competition devoted to historical affairs in the field of rocketry and space.

Members of the committee will serve as judges.

Submitted essays may treat with any significant aspect of historical de-velopment of rocketry and astronautics, will be judged on originality and scholarship. They may bring new insight on and shed a new or different light on events in the individual history and technology in the U.S.

The Rocket Club said essays should be submitted by Nov. 1, 1963, to the "Goddard Historical Competi-tion," National Rocket Club, Suite 32, 1735 K Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. Winner of the competition will be announced at the Roleyn H. God-dard Memorial Dinner on March 15, 1963, and a prize of $500 and an appropriate trophy will be awarded.

Graduation Time

Commencement exercises for the 1962 class of resident and transfer students of the USAF Hospital at Lakeland AFB will be held in the hospital auditorium recently.

The class, consisting of 35 nurses, 13 dental interns and 34 medical in-terns, was the largest to complete train-ing at the Lakeland hospital since its inception as the Air Force's first teach-ing hospital in 1957.

could only be classified as an outstand-ing success. More than 3,500 partici-pated in the wide range of events.

During the long weekend, not a single traffic accident involving AFMTC personnel was reported and there were no injuries of any type.

[Photograph: A young child in light-colored clothing standing outdoors]

A water skiing show featured some of the big and young and old spectators. Making (from left) Jack Rowland, Sgt. Ed Daly, Penny Witt and Mary Pat Eschenbach.

[Photograph: Multiple children standing together outdoors]

A father-son golf tournament held the interest. Ready to tee off are (from left) Lt. Col. P. S. N. Dunn and son, Missic, TSgt. R. I. Pro, J. T. Holley and son, Jim.

[Photograph: Children playing outdoors]

One of the most enjoyed events—by specta-tors especially—was the "Egg Toss." Pictured is the big three contestants. They are (from l. to r.) Hafer, second, and Douglas Grant, third.

AFMTC Donates Surplus
to Florida Schools

More than a million dollars worth of electronic and related electrical equip-ment was recently donated to Florida educational institutions by the Air Force Missile Test Center.

Eight colleges and universities from all parts of the state benefited from the $1,163,000 worth of surplus property, most of which is earmarked for classroom and laboratory work.

Under a program directed by the De-partment of Health, Education, and Welfare, some Federal surplus property will be required by certain institutions for educational use. When such prop-erty becomes available state agencies are notified.

The Surplus Property Division of the Florida Development Commission coordinated with AFMTC's contribution and marketing section to obtain the large donation at Patrick AFB.

AFSS NEWS REVIEW, AUGUST 1962

- page 14 -

This Problem
and Hazards

only be classified as an outstand-
ness. More than 5,500 partici-
in the wide range of events,
ng the long weekend, not a
traffic accident involving APMTC
nt was reported and there were
tories of any type.

of the Labor Day weekend high-
nt was the "Junior Miss Beauty
t." Eileen Cassidy, daughter of
Paul C. Cassidy, took top
ors in that event.

AFTC Donates Surplus
To Florida Schools

to than a million dollars worth of
omic and related electrical equip-
was recently donated to Florida
tional institutions by the Air Force
Test Center.
ks, colleges and universities
all parts of the state benefited
the 51,163,090 worth of surplus
ty, most of which is earmarked
uroom and laboratory work.
uler a program directed by the De-
rt of Health, Education and
s, some Federal surplus property
acquired by such institution
ercational use. When such prop-
comes available state agencies
uled.
ough Properly Division of the
Development Commission co-
with AFTC's purchasing
keting section to obtain the
uction at Patrick AFB.

A water skiing show featured some of the base's top talent and was enjoyed by both young and old spectators. Making up the bass of the pyramid are (from left) Jack Rowland, SSgt. Ed Daly, and Jeff North. At top are Penny Witt and Mary Pat Eschenbach.

A father-son golf tournament held the interest of many players and spectators. Ready to tee off are (from left) Lt. Col. F. S. Flannagan and son, Billy; Maj. A. M. Dunn and son, Mick; TSgt. R. J. Brodman and Bob Forter; Lt. Col. J. I. Holley and son, Jim.

One of the most enjoyed events—by spectators and participants—was a pie eating contest. Captain W. S. Horrington, judge for the event, gives all hands the top three contestants. They are (from left) Judy Blaine, msn. Thomas Hafer, second; and Douglas Grant, third.

- page 15 -

OPERATIONS

Man's 'Pressurability' Tested
in Sealed Capsule Experiments

What is the optimum atmospheric composition and pressure for a variety of space flight mission profiles?

That question and others concerning man's respiratory intake and emission are being studied in the controlled test cell in the Respiration Section of the 6570th Aerospace Medical Research Laboratories at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.

The cell is a plexis structure built for AMRL by Goodyear Aircraft Corporation. Seven feet in diameter and 13 feet long, it is enclosed in a large pressure chamber with variable volume. The pressurized cell is constructed under a contract with the Air Force Sperry.

Yes, in which one of two men are placed in the cell to undergo extensive metabolic and respiratory studies, last from two weeks to a month.

Scientists are seeking to learn the optimum gaseous atmosphere necessary to keep astronauts and equipment operating efficiently and reliably during Project Apollo and other space missions, AMRL said. Prime areas of study deal with the possible variation of the gaseous environment with respect to the length of the trip or to effect reduction in system complexity with subsequent improvement of reliability.

During testing, both chambers are pressurized to prescribed points. The test cell differs only one-half pound of pressure per square inch from the chamber pressure, but could withstand differentials up to five psi, Goodyear Aircraft engineers said.

A 3-inch window in each end of the cell is used from without and within. The window is used by TV scientists to study reactions of the test subject and by those inside to watch television.

Because of the composition of certain test atmospheres, a television set cannot be installed inside the cell, which led to the window when their test subjects wish to watch it.

Fabricated at a GM's plant in Arizona, the cell was designed and assembled at the main plant in Akron, Ohio.

[Two black and white photographs showing man in sealed capsule experiment setup]

Airman Third Class Frank Rhoski, a member of the respiration section at the Aerospace Medical Research Laboratory, prepares to close the zippered end of the space cell prior to a test. Airman Rhoski maintains two-way communications with subjects sealed inside the cell.

AF Academy To Get
Basic Research Lab

The Air Force will activate a basic research laboratory at the Air Force Academy near Colorado Springs, Colo. on Oct. 1. The laboratory, under the supervision of the Air Force Office of Aerospace Research, will be the first such facility to be established at a service academy.

The new laboratory will serve a dual purpose. It will increase teaching capability to conduct necessary basic research programs and will provide facilities for selected members of the Academy's faculty and outstanding upperclass to collaborate with OAR scientists in actual research programs of interest.

Of the 131 members of the Academy's present senior class, 24 have completed their doctorates and the other 70 per cent have master's degrees. Many of the latter have completed their doctoral course requirements. (AFNS)

AMD Engineer Earns
Special Acts Award

A Colorado Springs engineer, Robert G. Cameron, assigned to the Aerospace Medical Division's Aerospace Medical Research Laboratories was recently presented a special act award for work resulting in savings to the government of $10,494.

The citation carries a cash award of $515.

Cameron, an engineer in the training research branch of the Behavioral Sciences Laboratory, worked evenings and weekends, without pay, to place in operation quickly a facility for visual simulation techniques.

When difficulties arose in negotiating a contract for electrical circuitry for the labourase circuitry equipment, Cameron tackled the job himself. The visual simulation techniques program involves a standard Air Force gunnery trainer, consisting primarily of a closed circuit television system and relative position image computers, all of which was designed only for a completed flight simulator.

Cameron analyzed volumes of data and designed and fabricated special control and cabling systems which would permit use of the equipment, despite omission of that work.

He then installed, calibrated and placed the facility in operation.

Martin-Denver Gets
Algae Research Job

The Air Force has awarded the Martin Company's Denver Division a $419,495 contract to design and test an experimental prototype of an algae-filled device which someday would produce an oxygen to sustain astronauts on prolonged space flights.

Aerospace Medical Division's School of Aerospace Medicine of Brooks AFB, Tex., is sponsoring agency for the study.

The contract provides for the aerobic oxidation of the Martin Marietta Corporation to conduct research, design, analysis, fabricate, functionality test and deliver a complete solar illuminated device lands oxygenation to the Air Force by the end of the year.

Dr. D. Grafford is chief investigator of the project. Dr. Grafford worked last summer with the Arctic Aeromedical Laboratory on Project called POISE — Photosynthetic Oxygen Generation II. The present contract called POISE II, is an extension of that work.

[Text appears to continue on next page]

- page 16 -

AF Academy To Get
Basic Research Lab

The Air Force will activate a basic
research laboratory at the Air Force
Academy near Colorado Springs, Colo.,
on Oct. 1. The laboratory, under the
supervision of the Air Force Office of
Aerospace Research, will be the first
new facility to be established at a service academy.

The new laboratory will serve a dual
purpose. It will increase in-service
capability to conduct necessary basic
research programs and will provide a
training facility for selected members of the
Academy's faculty and outstanding
cadets in collaboration with OAR scientists in actual research programs of interest to the Air Force.

Of the 131 members of the Academy's teaching faculty, 21 per cent hold
doctorates and the other 70 per cent
have master's degrees. Twelve per cent
of the latter have completed their doctoral course requirements. (AFNS)

[Photograph showing airmen working with respiration testing equipment]

Airman Third Class Frank Khoeski, a member of the respiration section at
the Aerospace Medical Research Laboratory, prepares to close the zippered
end of the space suit prior to a test. Airman Khoeski maintains two-way communications with subjects sealed inside the cell.

AMD Engineer Earns
Special Acts Award

A Yellow Springs engineer, Robert
Cameron, assigned to the Aerospace
Medical Division's Aerospace Medical
Research Laboratory, was recently
awarded a special act award for work
relating to a systems to the present
10,494.

The citation carries a cash award of
15.

Cameron, an engineer in the training
research branch of Behavioral Sciences Laboratory, worked evening and
weekends without pay, to gage in
effort quickly is a facility for visual
and also eye-lungs.

When difficulties arose in negotiating
a contract for chemical circuitry for the
Aeromedical Research program, Cameron
analyzed the job himself. The visual
simulation techniques program involved
standard Air Force annex lighter,
seeing pictorial of a closed loop
vision system and solving problem
solving computers, all of which was designed only for a computer flight simulator.

Cameron analyzed volumes of data
designed and fabricated complete
new systems which would permit use
of the equipment, despite omission of

many components. He then installed,
calibrated and placed the facility in
operation.

Martin-Denver Gets
Algae Research Job

The Air Force has awarded the Martin Company's Denver Division a $41,499 contract to design and test an
experimental prototype of an algaefilled device which someday would
produce an oxygen to sustain astronauts
on prolonged space flights.

Aerospace Medical Division's School
of Aerospace Medicine at Brooks AFB,
Tex., is sponsoring agency for the
study.

The contract provides for the aerospace division of the Martin Marietta
Corporation to conduct research, design,
develop, fabricate, functionally test and
deliver a complete solar illuminated
photosynthetic oxygenator to the Air
Force by the end of the year.

Work will be supervised by Dr. R. D.
Goff, chief of Martin-Denver's life
sciences section. Dr. Gifford worked
last summer on the Arctic Aeromedical Laboratory on a project called
POISE—Photosynthetic Oxygenation Illuminated by Solar Energy. The present
contract, called POISE II, is a continuation of that work.

RADC Man Gives
New Solution For
Radio Puzzler

A trans-horizon radio propagation
phenomenon that had puzzled radio engineers has finally been explained, thanks
to the research of H. Richard P. Cassam, assigned with Rome Air Development Center at RADC, N. Y.

Explanation of the phenomena resulted from a paper presented by Lieutenant Cassam at the spring meeting of
the International Scientific Radio Union,
held at Georgetown University, Washington, D. C. Attended by world leaders in the radio field, the scientific
meeting was sponsored by the: United
States National Committee of the International Scientific Radio Union and the
Institute of Radio Engineers.

Lieutenant Cassam, a project officer
in RADC's Electronic Warfare Laboratory, presented a paper titled "An Investigation of Anomalous Transhorizon
Radiowave Propagation Over Irregular
Terrain."

His paper covered investigation of the
highly irregular trans-horizon radio
propagation phenomena which was observed for the past two years during
tropospheric scatter experiments held at
Cornell University, Ithaca, N. Y.

None of the theories previously proposed to explain anomalous propagation—or irregular extending of radio
energy waves—were able to explain this
particular phenomena. Additional research and experiments were necessary,
therefore, to solve this perplexity.

The research performed with sponsorship of the Air Force Cambridge
Research Laboratory at Bedford was
undertaken by Lieutenant Cassam
while working on his master of science
degree at Cornell University.

Cancer Detection
Seen As By-Product Of
Research In Human Speech

A diagnostic technique which may
well lead to the effective detection of
early stages of cancer of the vocal
cords has evolved from a recently completed Air Force Cambridge Research
Laboratories pilot study involving research into the anatomy of human
speech.

While not a replacement for a physician's normal throat examination, the
procedure may serve as a screening test
for pathological conditions involving
growth of the larynx.

A patient would merely record his
voice, using an ordinary microphone,
reading standard phrases. Analysis of
the speech wave form, by techniques
developed by AFCRL scientist Philip
Lieberman, would turn up certain
characteristic patterns. Abnormal functioning would sound the alarm in this
medical early warning system.

Tests were made which involved tape
recorded voices of 21 subjects selected
with the cooperation of Dr. Ralph M.
Combs of the Washington Hospital
Center, Washington, D. C.

AFSC NEWS REVIEW, AUGUST 1962

- page 17 -

Utility Tested
in Experiments

A cell differs only one-half pound of
water per night from the other under
higher pressure, but could withstand
pressure up to 1,000 psi, Goodyear
craft engineers said.

A 36-inch window in one end of the
cell used from inflight and within
window is used by subjects to observe
reactions of the test subject and
those inside to watch television.

Because of the composition of certain
atmosphere, a television set can-
not be installed inside the cell, but it
was rigged up to the window when the
subject with it to watch it.

"Goodyear's plastic plant in Arizona,
with Vita stationed and assembled a
mota plant in Akron, Ohio.

AF Academy To Get
Basic Research Lab

The Air Force will activate a basic
research laboratory at the Air Force
Academy near Colorado Springs, Colo.,
on Oct. 1. The laboratory, under the
supervision of the Air Force Office of
Aerospace Research, will be the most
such facility to be established at a service academy.

The new laboratory will serve a dual
purpose. It will increase in-service
capability to conduct necessary basic
research programs and will provide an
ideal means for selected members of the
Academy's faculty and outstanding
cadets to collaborate with OAR scientists in actual research programs of interest to the Air Force.

Of the 181 members of the Academy's science faculty, 21 per cent hold
doctorates and the other 79 per cent
have master's degrees. Twelve per cent
of the latter have completed their doctoral course requirements. (AFNS)

[Black and white photograph showing what appears to be a person in a space cell or chamber with visible equipment and viewing window]

Airman Third Class Frank Rhoski, a member of the respiration section at
the Aerospace Medical Research Laboratory, prepares to close the zippered
end of the space cell prior to a test. Airman Rhoski maintains one-way communications with subjects sealed inside the cell.

AMD Engineer Earns
Special Acts Award

A Yellow Springs engineer, Robert
Cameron, assigned to the Aerospace
Medical Division's Aeromedical
Research Laboratories, was recently
cited a special act award for work
resulting in savings to the Government of $10,494.

Cameron an engineer in the laboratory's branch of the Behavioral Science Laboratory, without pay, to place in
operation a facility for visual rotation techniques.

When difficulties arose in investigating
some aspects of the centrifuge for the
basic research program, Cameron
called the job himself. The visual
rotation techniques program involved
a standard Air Force primary trainer,
costing primarily of a closed loop
television system and relative position
computers, all of which was notably for complete flight simulator.

Cameron analyzed volumes of data
designed and fabricated complete
ring systems which would permit using
the equipment, despite omission of

many components. He then installed,
calibrated and placed the facility in
operation.

Martin-Denver Gets
Algae Research Job

The Air Force has awarded the Martin Company's Denver Division a $41,
499 contract to design and test an
experimental prototype of an algae-
filled device which someday would
produce an oxygen to sustain astronauts
on prolonged space flights.

Aerospace Medical Division's School
of Aerospace Medicine at Brooks AFB,
Texas, is sponsoring agency for the
study.

The contract provides for the aerospace division of the Martin Marietta
Corporation to conduct research, design,
develop, fabricate, functionally test and
deliver a complete solar illuminated
photosynthetic oxygenator to the Air
Force by the end of the year.

Work will be supervised by Dr. R. D.
Gaffori, chief of Martin-Denver's life
sciences section. Dr. Gafford worked
last summer with the Arctic Aeromedical Laboratory on a project called
POISE—Photosynthetic Oxygenation Illuminated by Solar Energy. The present
contract, called POISE II, is an extension of that work.

RADC Man Gives
New Solution For
Radio Puzzler

A trans-horizon radio propagation
phenomenon that has puzzled radio engineers has finally been explained, thanks
to the research of Lt. Richard P. Cassain, assigned with Rome Air Development Center at Griffiss AFB, N.Y.

Explanation of the phenomenon resulted from a paper presented by Lieutenant Cassain at the spring meeting of
the International Scientific Radio Union,
held at Georgetown University, Washington, D.C. Attended by world leaders in the radio field, the scientific
meeting was sponsored by the United
States National Committee of the International Scientific Radio Union and the
Institute of Radio Engineers.

Electronic Cassain, a project officer
in RADC's Electronics Warfare Laboratory, presented a paper titled "An Investigation of Anomalous Trans-Horizon
Radiowave Propagation Over Irregular
Terrain."

His paper covered investigation of the
highly irregular trans-horizon radio
propagation phenomena which was observed for the past two years during
ionospheric scatter experiments held at
Cornell University, Ithaca, N.Y.

None of the theories previously proposed to explain anomalous propagation—or irregular extending of radio
energy waves—were able to explain this
particular phenomena. Additional research and experiments were necessary,
therefore, to solve this perplexing problem.

The necessary research, under sponsorship of the Air Force Cambridge
Research Laboratory at Bedford, Mass.,
was undertaken by Lieutenant Cassain
while working on his master of science
degree at Cornell University.

Cancer Detection
Seen As By-Product Of
Research In Human Speech

A diagnostic technique which may
well lead to the effective detection of
early stages of cancer of the vocal
chords has evolved from a recently completed Air Force Cambridge Research
Laboratory pilot study involving research into the anatomy of human
speech.

While not a replacement for a physician's visual inspection examination, the
procedure may serve as a screening test
for pathological conditions involving
growths of the larynx.

A patient could merely record his
voice, using standard microphone,
reading standard phrases. Analysis of
the speech wave form by techniques
developed by AFCRL scientist Philip
Lieberman, would alert certain
characteristic patterns. Abnormal features would sound the alarm in this
method only warning system.

Tests were made which involved taperecordings of 32 speakers selected
with the cooperation of Dr. Ralph M.
Curtis of the Washington Hospital
Center, Washington, D.C.

AFSC NEWS REVIEW, AUGUST 1962

- page 18 -

Great Pains Taken To 'Prep'
Man-Orbiting Atlas Boosters

When Cdr. Walter M. Schirra lifts
off on a six-orbit space flight, sched-
uled for next month, his Project
Mercury capsule will be boosted by a
system that has withstood an Air Force
shakedown, thorough and exhaustive to
the limits of human and electronic
capability.

Such a shakedown is necessary to
provide maximum reliability in boosters
used for the National Aeronautic and
Space Administration's manned space
flight program.

Every item among the multi-thousand
components that made an Atlas func-
tion is checked, tested, retested, and
checked again. The some 100 "key"
components—those which, by a single
failure, could jeopardize the mission
and the safety of the astronaut—are
specially selected, specially handled, and
examined before the unique Mercury
seal is applied.

It's a safe bet that an Atlas rocket
wearing the Mercury decal has carried
that label, it's equally certain that the
U.S astronaut who gets a 360,000-pound
thrust into orbit can depend on the ma-
chines that generates and controls that
power to be as totally reliable as possi-
ble.

A conscientious, painstaking Air
Force-contractor team sees to that and
the Space Systems Division program
office stands ready to guarantee it.

The man behind the desk behind the
Atlas boosters for the Mercury program
is Lt. Col. Robert H Brundin, a West
Point grad and veteran of b-52 and H-21
D-2 research and development.

"The whole weight designed to boost
a man," he says, "To gain the reliabil-
ity we need, systems in an aircraft sys-
tem, for example, we'd have to go back
and redesign the Atlas, do a lot more
testing and probably provide for more
redundancy throughout the system.
There hasn't been time for any of that.

"We chose to stay with the existing
Atlas configuration as closely as pos-

sible," Colonel Brundin points out.
"That way, we could take advantage of
the testing already done to prove the
Atlas as an ICBM system.

"Intensive and extensive ICBM test-
ing has been, it hasn't measured up to
Mercury requirements—or to the Air
Force's satisfaction. A Mercury Atlas
not only takes twice as many man hours
to fabricate as an R&D or operational
missile, it also gets more than three
times the normal checkout time and
attention."

Broadly speaking, the cure lavished
on Mercury boosters averages 60 to 90
days of nit-picking scrutiny. An ordin-
ary Atlas, by comparison, undergoes
about 20 days of inspection.

Located at Cape Canaveral, the
Mercury test facility goes through
several weeks more of two and three
shift testing operations to sea level.

Blue suiters in the SSD Mercury di-
rectorate admit that there is a limit to
the degree of reliability that can be at-
tained in a system as complex as the
Atlas. Random failure, for example, is
unavoidable.

Because a margin between practical
reliability and absolute reliability does
exist, Air Force officers and contractors
imagine the booster portions of the
Mercury program have come up with
a computer "plus" designed to bridge
that area of marginal reliability. This is
the Mercury booster's automatic malp-
ractional system—"AS 15," in Air
Force parlance.

"We've been shooting for a 99.5 per
cent reliability in this system," Colonel
Brundin says. "On the basis of locally

AFSWC Scouting Group, S
To Sponsor Aerospace Edu.

Three hundred outstanding New
Mexico high school science and math
students have a better understanding of
AFSC's educational requirements for
the aerospace age, thanks to the Air
Force Special Weapons Center.

Coming from cities and villages
throughout the state which was the
birthplace of nuclear weapons tech-
nology, the teenagers spent three days
with AFSWC scientists and engineers
in Albuquerque during Armed Forces
Week. They were the guests of the Cen-
ter and Boy Scout Explorer Science
Post, co-sponsors of the first Aero-
space Education Conference.

thousands of tests, I would say we have
bettered that objective."

The short sensing system is designed
to safeguard the astronaut in the event
anything malfunctions during covered
flight. When trouble is detected, AS 15
activates mechanisms that separate the
spacecraft from the booster and para-
chutes the pilot to safety.

The system got an actual baptism by
fire during an early Mercury shot when,
although no man was aboard, the cap-
sule was saved from damage when the
Atlas malfunctioned and had to be
destroyed. The capsule survived and
was subsequently reflown.

At Cape Canaveral, birdwatchers of
the Air Force's 6555th Aerospace Test
Wing stay with the Atlas and, along
with the contractor representatives on
hand, oversee the batteries of tests con-
ducted on the site. Colonel Brundin's
Florida counterpart, Lt. Col. Robert R.
Hull, takes charge of the blockhouse
and is launch director for the count-
down.

But with all the tests and the unrelax-
ing ascent on safety, an Atlas booster is
never ignited in support of Mercury
until an Air Force Flight Safety Review
Board, chaired by a senior officer, has
reviewed all the problems and actions
pertinent to that booster and subse-
quently certified that it is ready to put a
man into orbit.

AFSC NEWS REVIEW, AUGUST 1962

[NON-TEXT PAGE: black-and-white photograph showing two military officers examining documents at a desk]

[NON-TEXT PAGE: black-and-white photograph showing a group of approximately eight people, including military personnel and civilians, posed together outdoors]

The Project Mercury crew meets with
graphed with Astronauts John Glenn and S.
Cooper (S. lower left), W. Schirra and M.
and during the preparation for the MA-7
D. K. Hanhaiser, Maj. J. Curtis, Lt. Col.
Parrish, Capt. J. S. Deutsch, Capt. J. A. G.
Forrest, Maj. J. Dockery, Lt. Col. Robert H.
Hull, Lt. Cdr., Scott Carpenter and Capt. H.

- page 19 -

AFSWC Scouting Group, State Agencies Join
To Sponsor Aerospace Education Conference

Three hundred outstanding New Mexico high school science and math students have a better understanding of AFSC's educational requirements for the aerospace age, thanks to the Air Force Special Weapons Center.

Coming from cities and villages throughout the state which was the birthplace of nuclear weapons technology, the teenagers spent three days with AFSWC scientists and engineers in Albuquerque during Armed Forces Week. They were the guests of the Center and Boy Scout Explorer Science Post 91, co-sponsors of the first Aerospace Education Conference.

"Thousands of tests, I would say we have believed that objective."

The abort sensing system is designed to safeguard the astronaut in the event anything malfunctions during powered flight. When trouble is detected, AS-IS activates mechanisms that separate the spacecraft from the booster and parachutes the pilot to safety.

One system got an actual baptism by fire during an early Mercury shot when, although no man was aboard, the capsule was saved from damage when the Atlas malfunctioned and had to be destroyed. The capsule survived and was subsequently reflown.

At Cape Canaveral, birthwatchers of the Air Force's 6555th Aerospace Test Wing saw with the Atlas and, along with the contractor representatives on hand, oversaw the batteries of tests conducted on the site. Colonel Brundlm, Florida, Guntercut, Lt. Col. Robert R. Hill, is in charge of the blockhouse and a launch director for the countdown.

"We are sure all the tests and the preceding aspect on safety, at Atlas booster launched successfully will not come until an Air Force Flight Safety Review Board, chaired by flying officer, has reviewed all the problems and actions involved in the booster and when they had certified that it is ready to put a man in orbit.

The conference began with a keynote address by Dr. Knox Millsaps, chief scientist of the Office of Aerospace Research. He called science and engineering absolutely essential to the future of freedom, pointing out that today's work in laboratories and test facilities will determine events of tomorrow.

Following Dr. Millsaps' address, Donald Mills of the Arnold Engineering Development Center, moderated a panel discussion titled, "1967—Where Do We Go From Here?" New Mexico educators and Special Weapons Center scientists discussed research and development programs and opportunities expected in 1967 when most of the high school students will finish school and begin work in science, math or engineering.

The conference's first day was topped off by a banquet and an address by Maj. Gen. Charles M. McCorkle, AFSWC commander, who since has been assigned to Fifth Air Force in Japan. General McCorkle stressed that education is perhaps the most important key to the "magnificent possibilities" of careers in science and engineering.

Students spent the second day attending seminars on 33 different subjects, ranging from nuclear physics to computer programming, and on tours of AFSWC nuclear laboratories. The seminars were concluded by Special Weapons Center research and development officers. A conference dance was held that evening, with the music donated by the American Federation of Musicians.

Last day of the conference was devoted to tours of Armed Forces Day displays.

Idea for the conference originated with Boyant Science Post 91, an organization of high school boys sponsored by the New Mexico public and parochial school system. Sandia Base and the Air Force Association.

The Project Mercury crew of the 6555th Aerospace Test Wing are photographed with Astronauts John Glenn and Scott Carpenter outside the gate of Complex 14. The group picture was taken after Glenn's orbital flight had during the preparation for the MA-7 launch. From left, back row: D. R. Househouser, Maj. J. W. Vorans, A. J. M. Westenberger, Sgt. D. P. Parrish, Capt. J. S. Dostoch, Capt. J. A. Gaivin, and Capt. V. W. Shiever. Front row: Maj. J. R. Moffnugh, Lt. Col. John Glenn, Lt. Col. S. R. H. Hall, Lt. Cmir. Scott Carpenter and Capt. H. E. Rar.

- page 20 -

MANAGEMENT

Second AF Symposium On Bionics
To Be Held In Dayton Next Year

A second Air Force-sponsored sym-
posium on bionics will be held in Day-
ton, Ohio, May 19-21, 1965.

Sponsored jointly by AFSC's
Aero-Medical Division and the Aero-
space Medical Division, the three-
day meeting is expected to attract more
than 1,500 scientists, engineers
from government, industry, research
foundations and universities from
throughout the United States and
Western Europe.

More than 50 researchers will discuss
and exchange ideas on new science and
the first ASD-sponsored symposium
held in Dayton during 1963, the
a new area of interdisciplinary re-
search in biology—the reciprocal
knowledge of biological functions and
systems to the solving of engineering
problems. This knowledge derived from
future programs is expected to provide
mathematical transfer functions for use
in processing and modeling functions of
living systems.

Understanding of these biological
functions is expected to hasten tech-

nological advancements—both for mili-
tary defense and the welfare of man in
general. Major emphasis, at present, is
on information handling, such as acqui-
sition, processing, storage and utili-
zation of data.

The Air Force called the first sym-
posium to determine where the science
stood in regard to bionics programs.
The upcoming meeting will focus on
more specific topics.

Theme of the 1965 symposium will be
"Information Processing by Living
Organisms" and "Biological Machines." This will feature concepts and the struc-
turing will encompass various
various levels of information processing
ranging from biological and physical
systems to the application of these
principles and mechanisms to man's
problems.

Invited papers will be presented at
four technical sessions. Topics for
technical sessions will be "Signal Recep-
tion of Living Organisms;" "Informa-
tion Processing by Living Organisms;"
"Physical Principles of Bionics;" and
"Application of Bionic Concepts." Con-
tributed papers also will be presented
in the general area of bionics.

Dr. John E. Reto, chief scientist for
ASD, will be symposium director. Col.
Andres J. Karloton, Aerospace Medical
Research Laboratories commander, will
be chairman and Lt. Col. Leonard M.
Butsch, Jr., chief of Electronic Tech-
nology Laboratory's bionics and com-
puter branch will act as his deputy.

Dr. Hans Oestereicher, Aerospace
Medical Research Laboratories, and
Colonel Butsch are co-chairmen of the
technical committee.

Registration at the Biltmore Hotel in
Dayton is scheduled for Monday after-
noon, March 15.

Persons interested in attending the
symposium may contact Commander,
Aeronautical Systems Division, Attn:
ASRNEB-1, Lt. Col. L. M. Butsch, Jr.,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

AFGc Closes An Era
With Last QF-80 Flight

An era ended at Air Proving Ground
Center recently with the last QF-80
"mule" mission flown over the
Eglin Gulf Test Range, according to
Lt. Col. Anburn M. Blackwell, 320th
Drone Sq. commander.

The 331st and final QF-80 drone
mission was flown with Capt. Ralph W.
Haymaker piloting the 1-33 control air-
craft and Capt. Owen C. Davis, Jr.,
controlling the QF-80 from the front
seat.

The drone was retrieved and returned
to Eglin by the team of Capt. Hay-
maker and Davis, while a second T-33
was used in escort.

The QF-80 era began April 8, 1951
when a QF-33 flew in Operation Ocean-
Ancus on atomic test in the Pacific.
(The 1-33 is a trainer version of the
F-80 Shooting Star.)

During the last nine years, QF-80's have
been flown by three Air Forces drone
Flight's onetime 320th Drone Group.

[Photograph: Man in military cap and uniform - New AFSC deputy chief of staff for plans, Maj. Gen. W. B. Keese was recently assigned to this position effective Aug. 1. He replaces Maj. Gen. James F. Whitehead who has been assigned as new position effective at Hq USAF.]

[Photograph: Man in military cap and uniform - Brigadier General Allman T. Culbert-son, Aeronautical Systems Division commander, is being reassigned to Air Force Institute of Technology where he will assume duty as deputy commander on August 15. Going to WPAFB from General Culbertson will be his wife, the former Anne Spallum of Peterson, Kans., and their two sons Eugene and Robert.]

[Photograph: Man in military cap and uniform - Dr. Ch. [illegible], pointed to announce O. Vane 'Bernier' years in his technical six mon Importa an era c [illegible section] His [illegible] nautical cash av MS.; J Wort Serge award c mote c handle gestion to any the obj rector An a Sargean relocate power s his of e adopti Serr 55 for ting ha high [illegible]]

- page 21 -

On Bionics
Next Year

of advancements—both for military use and the welfare of man in Major emphasis, at present, is rorition handling, such as ar-r, processing, storage and utili-d ati.
Air Force called the first sym-to determine w h e r e the continuity stood in regard to programs. The upcoming meet-deal with more specific topics.
of the symposium will iation Processing by Living 'ead Machines." The must-ature concepts and the strate-cal organization systems; the levels of information.
p signs, and physical analysis hods are being examined," and and applications of these.
d and mechanisms man's

l paper will be presented ntechnical sessions. Topics for re sessions will be "Signal Recep-Living Organisms," "Informa-eessings by Living Organisms," 'cal Principles of Bionics," and ction of Bionic Concepts." Con-t papers also will be presented neral area of bionics.
John E. Keto, chief scientists for ill be symposium directors. Col. I. Kartens, Aerospace Medical s Laboratories' commander, will sssian and Lt. Col. Leonard M. Jr., chief of Electron's Tech-Laboratory's bionics and com-arch will set up his deputy.
Hans Oestreicher, Aerospace t Research Laboratories, and J Butsch are co-chairmen of the al committee.
stration at the Biltmore Hotel in is scheduled for Monday, after-March 18.
re interested in attending the ium may contact Commander, aical Systems Division, Hq sI-3, Lt. Col. L. M. Busch, Jr., atterson Air Force Base Ohio.

APGC Closes An Era
rith Last QF-30 Flight

'n ended at Air Proving Grounds cently with the last QF-30 ion being flown over the ulf of Mex Range, according to M. Blackwell, 2305th d.
321st and final QF-30 drone wy flown with Capt. Ralph W. ter piloting the I-33 control air-d Capt. Owen C. Davis, Jr., ting the OP-30 from the front
drone was retrieved and returned n by the team of Captain Hay-ed Davis, while a second T-33 used, in reserve.
DF-30 era began April 8, 1951 Of-33 flow in Operation Upcom-al tracts at in the Pacific. I-33 is a trainer version of the neeting Star.)
g the last decade OP-80's have en by three squadrons under cherine 3505th Drone Group.

New WCIAR Chief Formally
Directed ATIS Ailios Program

Colonel John J. Zischler, recently assumed command of the Western Contract Management Region replac-ing Brig. Gen. Gerald F. Kesling. General Kesling moved into the director of procurement position at Hq AFSC, effective July 15.

General Kesling was the initial commander of WCMR, which was formed July 1, 1960. Prior to that assignment he was the Air Force plant representative at North American Aviation, Inc., in Los Angeles.

Colonel Zischler previously was the Atlas program director of the Ballistic Systems Division. At WCMR he will command an organization which is responsible for the expenditure of 55 billion dollars per year, nearly one-fifth of the total Air Force budget.

WCMR personnel administer con-tracts with civilian industry of eleven western states, plus Alaska and Hawaii. WCMR also has an integral part in the missile production and site activa-tion programs of the Air Force, re-gardless of geographical location.

New AUSC deputy chief of staff for plans, Maj. Gen. W. B. Keese was formerly director of development plan-ning at Hq USAF. He was assigned to his new position effective July 1. He replaces Maj. Gen. James F. Whitenand who has been assigned as assistant deputy chief for research and tech-nology at Hq USAF.

Brigadier General Allman T. Cuthbert-son, Aeronautical Systems Division vice commander, is being reassigned to Air Force Logistics Command. He will assume duty as deputy commander on August 15. Going to APGC with Gen-eral Cuthertson will be his wife, the former Argie Sullivan of Piketon, La., and their two sons Engene and Robert.

Dr. Charles L. Bernier has been ap-pointed director of the Armed Services Technical Information Agency. In announc-ing the appointment, Col. James O. Vann, ASTIA commander, said, "Dr. Bernier's previous experience of many years as editor of Chemical Abstracts and the capabilities he has shown as technical advisor to ASTIA these past six months, make this assignment a very important one for the agency as it enters an era of unprecedented expansion."

NCO's Earn Cash Awards

Three sergeants assigned to the Aero-nautical Systems Division have received cash awards for suggestions. They are MSgt. Donald A. Vorhies, TSgt. Donald J. Wolf and Sgt. LeRoy Sheperd.

Sergeant Vorhies received an initial award of $50 for suggesting that a re-mote control camera mount be built to handle two 3D-TV cameras. His sug-gestion enables cameras to be adjusted to any position and any distance from the object being photographed in a reactor area.

An award of $7.50 was granted to Sergeant Sheperd for his suggestion to relocate fuel points on a circulating power supply. Estimated savings from of $349.37 have been realized from adoption of the suggestion.

Sergeant Wolf received an award of $3 for suggesting that a contractor lit-ting be added to limit air pressure socks on portions used during long term high altitude flying tests.

---

[stamp: Agc NEWS STORY, AUGUST 1962]

- page 22 -

TAB

A     Tvoc Stating Release dtd 13 May

B     Acquisition of Film

C     Flying Saucer Review Article dtd 1 Aug

D     Misc. News Articles

- page 23 -

Bid Let To Develop
Weather-Safe System
Of Aircraft Control

A compact air traffic control system
to guide pilots to safe landings in all
types of weather in remote areas of the
world moved closer to reality recently
with award of a 56 million contract to
the Radio Corporation of America,
Burlington, Mass., by the Electronics
Systems Division of the Air Force Sys-
tems Command.

The contract calls for one system,
being a partial award against an initial
requirement for three systems, all to be
completed by the summer of 1963. The
Air Force visualizes a total requirement
of 14 such systems for use at fields
around the world.

Brigadier General Charles H. Ter-
iune Jr., ESD commander, said the
Emergency Mission Support System will
give the Air Force a mobile control
system compatible with the FAA air
traffic control system. With EMS air-
craft will be guided safely land naviga-
tional aids will be ready for field
development in the coming years. Re-
sponsible for this project is ESD's 4521.
Systems Program Office, headed by Col.
Martin F. Peterson.

Each EMS will be housed in six vans.
Each van will have its own electrical
power supplies, air conditioning, initial
spare parts, and inter-communication
equipment. "The system will be able to
direct and land all types of modern air-
craft over 2.5 minutes, under condi-
tions of only 200-foot ceilings and
mile-eighth visibility despite fog, moderate
rain or snow," Colonel Peterson said.
"A total of 24 aircraft will be under
positive control over an airport under
bad weather conditions and be able to
land without delay."

The air transportable system will in-
clude a precision approach radar,
search radar, visual and instrument
flight rules (VFR & IFR), tower vans,
communications, and a government
furnished van-mounted TACAN navi-
gation aid (AN / TRN-17).

Brigadier General Otto J. Glasser
marked two major milestones in his mili-
tary career early in July. On the first,
he entered on his new star, and on the
second, he assumed duty as vice
commander of Electrics Systems Divi-
sion. General Glasser had previously
been assigned as a special assistant to
Gen. B. A. Schriever, AFSC com-
mander.

General Schriever To Keynote
Guidance Test Symposium

General B. A. Schriever, AFSC
commander, has accepted an invitation to
deliver the keynote address at the Inertial
Guidance Test Symposium, Oct.
16-17, 1962. The symposium will be
held at the AF Force Central Inertial
Guidance test facility at the Force Mis-
sile Development Center.

Papers to be presented will concen-
trate on: comparison of missile, sled
and centrifuge as inertial guidance
test beds; establishment of a precision
velocity yardstick and analysis of velocity errors in inertial guidance systems;
and standardization efforts in inertial
guidance laboratory testing.

Attendance at the symposium will be
by invitation. Inquiries should be ad-
dressed to Wright-Patterson Center
(MDRG), Holloman AFB, N. M.

AFSC BRIE

New Name

Aerospace Medical
Medicine, located
designated the Air
Medicine July 1
changed.

Serial Numbers

May be a filing or
members of a such
approval of the A
made to use the So
Air Force personn
that number and t
the proposal polic
result in a substant
mechanized equipm
present members w
until separated.

Dynas-Soar

The Air Force's sp
the long standing re
designators to oper
The one-man, delt
as The X-20. The
be launched into o
capability to fly wit
will make the X-2
The X-20 is being
tems Division.

Birthdays

Both the USAF J
change Service celeb
Weather Service
in 1937. AWS oper
officers and 1861 en
than 400 stations an
civilian personnel
listed in 1893. It is
and became known
Force installations i
a separate service.

Self Defense

Students now enrolle
are learning the art o
unarmed and Air Tran
study was introduced
month.

Silver Wings

Apparently hold a lo
early crafts. Startin
percent of this year's
into pilot training ar
career Of 289 gradu
career advancement.
to pursue further av
Force Institute of l
Point men seemed r
Of 63 Wot Pointers
enrolled for course
Airmenship graduates

'Face-Lifting' To Add
Radar Tracking Power

The Air Proving Ground Center will
double the power of its prime radar
tracking stations within the year. It
was recently announced by Hq APGC.
One of the five tracking radars
located on Eglin's Site X-20 will in-
crease its power output to five mega-
watts following an electronic face-
lifting later this year. At the present
time, the 12-foot "dish," designated the
FPS-16, has a peak power capability of
one megawatt — as do each of the four
other radars on the site.

The increase is known as Station
17" to the men who operate the
Mercury control. "It's extremely vital
work. It is the 17th, and last, station
mentioned astronomically before mak-
ing earth re-entry from orbit.

On the critical flight of the
Friendship 7 and the Aurora 7 space
capsules, the "17" and Bermuda
Station 17 kept an electronic eye on
the plunging capsule, which provided
vital information on the re-entry path
of the astronauts.

The two increase in power for the
FPS-16 will give a corresponding in-
creased tracking capability to the sta-

Cold War Medal

Criteria for award of
ary Medal, recently
defined. Medals, include
Gasmoy-Matsu, the
and Vietnam. The r
dent Kennedy last
design still under stu
able for issue until

Voters Should
Check

With keys or unit c
changes in dates of
local elections effec
made in some instan
in advance voting v
voter qualifications.

Help Wanted

The USAF Recruiting
cruiter salesman. I
some areas. Airmen
the duty if they seek
apply; for areas in c
[w]by [?] to the last o

First Termers

Should take a secon
do not intend to re
are given a chance t
when an airman se
decision is considere
the decision is made
date.

AFSC NEWS REVIEW, AUGUST 1962

- page 24 -

Bid Let To Develop
Weather-Safe System
Of Aircraft Control

compact air traffic control system
ide pilots to safe landings in all
t moved closer to reality recently
ward of a $6 million contract to
Radio Corporation of America,
ston, Mass., by the Electronics
ns Division of the Air Force Sys-
Command.

contract calls for one system,
a partial award against an initial
ement for three systems, all to be
ed by the summer of 1965. The
orce visualizes a total requirement
such systems for use at fields
d the world.

ather General Charles H. Ter-
Jr., ESD commander, said the
ency Mission Support System will
the Air Force a mobile control
t compatible with the FAA air
control system. With EMS, air
control communications and navi-
nal aids will be ready for fast
ency in any emergency. Re-
sible for this project is ESD's 4421.
in Program Office, headed by Col.
n F. Peterson.

EMS will be housed in six vans.
van will have its own electrical
supplies, air conditioning, initial
parts, and inter-communication
ent. "The system will be able to
t and land all types of modern air-
ery 2.5 minutes, under condi-
of only 200-foot ceilings and
ible visibility despite fog, moderate
snow," Colonel Peterson said.

of 24 aircraft will be under
e controlled over an airport under
weather conditions and be able to
without delay.

te air transportable system will in-
a prototype ground station for
Radio, visual and instrument
NEVER & IFF for voice comms,
mmunications, and a government
d, van-mounted TACAN navi-
n aid (AN/TRN 17).

Face-Lifting To Add
Radar Tracking Power

Air Proving Ground Center will
t the power of its prime radar
ing stations within the year, it
s recently announced by its PCC.

of the five tracking radars
t on Eglin's Site AFQ will in-
its power output to five megawa-
following an electronics upda-
Later this year. At the present
ts, a 2.5-mw "duplex" dopplered the
is, has a peak power capability of
t—— and do each of the four
rs on the site.

X-20 is also known as "Station
to the men who operate the
t man-in-space tracking net-
lt is the 17th, and last, station
san astronauts pass over before
g earth re-entry from orbit.

the critical last orbits of the
hip 7 and the Aurora 7 space
the C and S Band radars at
t kept an electronic eye on
engine capable of
information on the re-entry path
astronauts.

new increase in power for the
ty will give a corresponding in-
of tracking capability to the sta-

---AFSC BRIEFS---

New Name

Serial Numbers

Dyna-Soar

Birthdays

Self Defense

Silver Wings

Cold War Medal

Voters Should
Check

Help Wanted

First Termers

A change in the official designation of Aerospace
Medicine, located at Brooks AFB, Tex., was re-
cently approved. The Air Force changed Aerospace
Medicine July 1. Location of the school is un-
changed.

May be a thing of the past to future Air Force
members if a study now underway meets with the
approval of the Air Staff. A proposal has been
made to use the Social Security number to identify
Air Force personnel rather than a combination of
that number and the serial number. Sponsors of
the proposal believe that the changeover would
result in a substantial saving in computer or other
mechanized equipment storage. Under the plan,
present members would retain their serial numbers
until separation.

The Air Force's space glider has fallen in line with
the long-standing practice of applying letter-number
designators to operational and experimental vehicles.
The one-man, delta-wing spacecraft will be known
as The X-20. Current plans are for the X-20 to
be launched into orbit by a Titan III booster. Its
capability to fly within and beyond the atmosphere
will make the X-20 the first US aerospace craft.
The X-20 is being developed by Aeronautical Sys-
tems Division.

Both the USAF Air Weather Service and the Ex-
change Service celebrated birthdays during July. Air
Weather Service was 25 years old. When activated
in 1937, AWS operated 40 weather stations with 22
officers and 180 enlisted men. Today there are more
than 400 stations and more than 11,000 military and
civilian personnel. The Post Exchange was estab-
lished in 1893. It took shape as we know it in 1941
and became known as the Base Exchange on Air
Force installations in 1947 when that branch became
a separate service.

Students now enrolled in the Squadron Officer School
are learning the art of Judo from Strategic Air Com-
mand and Air Training Command experts. The new
study was introduced in the class which started last
month.

Apparently hold a lot of speed for Air Force Acad-
emy cadets. Statistics reveal that more than 87
percent of this year's graduating class elected to go
into pilot training as the first step in their Air Force
career. Of 289 graduates 251 chose that route toward
career advancement. A total of 15 cadets elected
to pursue further academic training through the Air
Force Institute of Technology. Annapolis and West
Point are sending much more interested in AFI1.
Of 62 West Pointers entering the Air Force 15 are
enrolled for courses. Twenty-three of the 80
Annapolis graduates are also enrolled.

Criteria for award of the Armed Forces Expedition-
ary Medal, recently established by the Department
of Defense, includes service in Berlin, Lebanon,
Quemoy-Matsu, the Taiwan Straits, the Congo, Laos
and Vietnam. The medal was authorized by Presi-
dent Kennedy last December. Medal and ribbon,
design still under study, are not expected to be avail-
able for issue until early 1963.

With lose or unit voting officers to see if recent
changes in rules on general elections, primaries and
local elections effect them. Changes have also been
made in base directives on the procedures to follow
in absentee voting: registering to vote and certain
vote qualifications.

The USAF Recruiting Service is advertising for re-
cruiter salesmen. These are especially needed in
some areas. Airmen have a better chance of getting
the duty if they seek jobs in the shortage areas and
apply for areas in different geographical locations.
Jobs go to the best qualified.

Should take a word here before visitors see that they
do not intend to re-enlist. Despite rumors that airmen
are not subject to a comeback. He USAF says that
when an airman goes on record as declining that
decision is considered binding. Under present rules,
the decision is made eight months before expiration
date.

- page 25 -

War College Associate Courses At
ASD Termed Highly Successful

The Aeronautical Systems Division at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, is one of four organizations originally selected to participate in a six-month test of the Air University's new accelerated War College associate course. Other bases involved were Langley AFB, Va.; Kirtland AFB, Nebr.; and Maxwell AFB, Ala.

A voluntary program, the new associate course was established for selected active duty senior officers and civil service employees of the Air Force. Since its beginning, the informal course has proved highly successful. It now has officially approved by USAF and is being implemented on a larger scale. Twenty new seminars were established in January, 1962 and more are to follow.

The War College associate course was based on the premise that individuals who participate in the program have a desire to learn in order to improve their capabilities and in facilitating their participation in current military education.

With this in mind, the course was prepared to be presented on a permissive rather than a directed basis. Students who participate are permitted as much latitude as possible in deciding the manner in which the course is conducted.

The course consists of four seminars. Of five months each, tailored along the lines of courses conducted in the War College. Each volume of study in each course is divided into units and each lesson individually. They then pace for a week, two-week seminar, where the study assignment is discussed by all participants in the course.

Seminar discussion groups are conducted under a reading chairmanship. One of the students is at under permanent direction of the senior ranking students. Military participants are lieutenants colonels and above and civils, grades GS 14 and above.

In addition to directed studies, students members must make two 10-minute oral presentations during each two-month period of study. A written report on assigned subjects of 2,000 to 3,000 words is also required at the end of each volume.

Upon finishing the course students are given a test for completion of a

thesis, which must be approved by the Air University. The complete course takes approximately two years.

Seminar number 3, at ASD, has completed the first three volumes and is scheduled to commence the last volume this summer. It will be among the first five in the Air Force to receive recognition for completing a new concept in military education.

The chief reason for the associate course is that many senior officers would find have an opportunity to participate in the War College program because of the limited number of officers selected for the resident course.

This accelerated course reduces the regular course from two to two years. Some of the gross studied under this program include international relations and current world economic elements of strategy, current and future military strategy.

Lt. Nicolai Graduates
505 With Distinction

Lieutenant Irland M. Nicolai, of ASD's Directorate of Advanced Systems Planning, was honored recently upon graduation with distinction from Squadron Officer School, Maxwell AFB, Ala. Lieutenant Nicolai was one of 42, in a class of more than 900 students, who graduated with distinction.

Assigned to ASD's Flight Dynamics Laboratory in August 1957, he attended the University of Oklahoma under AFIT sponsorship and received his M.S. degree in aeronautical engineering. He had received his bachelor's degree from the University of Washington in 1957.

Upon his return to ASD, Lieutenant Nicolai was assigned to the design analysis section of the aerospace vehicle design branch. In this assignment, he conducts design studies of futuristic aerospace vehicles.

Lieutenant Nicolai received commendations from Lt. Gen. Troop Miller, Jr., commander of Maxwell AFB; Maj. Gen. W. A. Davis, former commander of ASD.

Contract To Develop Deep
Space Tracking Ability
Announced By Air Force

The Air Force recently announced award of a $2.8 million contract to Radio Corporation of America, Burlington, Mass., to procure a prototype optical surveillance device which will enable the Air Force to detect and track man-made satellites orbiting out in the distant ranges of the stars.

Personnel of Electronics Systems Division's System 4961 (popularly known as Space Track) will handle procurement and management development of the prototype model.

Besides a powerful telescope, the prototype model will employ the photosensitive surfaces of an image orthicon (TV tube) tube, coupled with data correlation techniques to get a fast readout. The system will like through a portion of the sky observed through the telescope and focused on the face of an image-orthicon tube. The surface is made up of multiple photo-sensitive cells, like a checkerboard or crossroads of the TV tube, with each section resting independently to the amount of light hitting it. Electronic currents, reseling to each individual section, instantaneously relay the message.

Data-processing techniques "read" this message and store it. The incredible swiftness of electronic replaces the former slow development of a chemical product. Further, the data background is cancelled electronically. Then the computer from computes one "look" (scan) with the next so that any man-made object moving in the section under surveillance will be detected.

Extending the range of radar detection, the optical detecting system will not necessarily be restricted to earth satellites.

Rocket Society Speaker

Carl O. Horst, the X-15 research plane's chief engineer at the Aeronautical Systems Division, recently addressed the Northeast Ohio Division of the American Rocket Society at Cleveland, Ohio. He spoke on the contribution of the X-15 to rocketing and aerospace.

Horst told the group that the X-15 is a blend of the ballistic missile and the aeronautical airplane, somewhat like the Inconel X, which is similar to material used in intercontinental missiles.

He has applied for a patent on an aircraft skin based on hypersonic flight mechanisms and has published a book on techniques, "Heating and Ascent." He is also past president of the Dayton Air Society.

His book describes the mechanics of birds in flight and was published by the Stratford Printing Company of Kastelton.

He is chief engineer of the Experimental and Support Systems Office of ASD.

[Photograph showing several people seated at a table in discussion]

Each week, students of the War College Associate Course meet for a two-hour seminar to discuss their studies. From left are Lt. Col. Edward B. Reed, Maj. Dennis H. Johnson and Lt. Col. Phillip J. Lusinka, chairman Floyd Kimber, James L. Hight and Ralph Springer.

- page 26 -

12 Courses At
Successful

Which must be approved by the
university. The complete course
approximation two years.
After number 3, at ASD, has
noted the first three volumes and is
said to compromise the last volume
summer. It will be among the first
for Air Force to develop concept in
pioneering a new concept in
construction.
chief reason for the associate
is that many senior officers do
not have an opportunity to par-
ticipate in War College program be
of the limited number of officers
"f for the resident course.
accelerated course reduces the
of course from five to two years,
of the areas studied under this
Includes international relations
current world conflicts, elements of
ry, current and future military
ogy.

Lt. Nicolai Graduates
505 With Distinction

Eutenant Leland M. Nicolai, of
a Directorate of Advanced Systems
ring, was honored recently upon
tion with distinction from Stuart
Officer School, Maxwell AFB, Ala.
plant Nicolai was one of a class
of more than 900 students, who
noted with distinction.
igned to ASD's Flight Dynamics
aboratory in August 1957, he attended
University of Oklahoma under
IT sponsorship and received his M.S.
ct at aeronautical engineering. He
eceived his bachelor's degree from
University of Washington in 1955.
on his return to ASD, Lieutenant
was assigned to the design and
alion of the aerospace vehicle
in branch. In this assignment, he
nducts design studies of current
pace vehicles.
utenanant Nicolai received commen-
ions from Lt. Gen. Troup Miller,
Commander of Manned AFB's Mal.
, C. H. Mitchell, vic commander
USAF, and Maj. Gen W. A. Pauls,
ter commander of ASD.

Contract to Develop Deep
Space Tracking Ability
Announced By Air Force

The Air Force recently announced
award of a $3.8 million contract to
Radio Corporation of America, Burlington, Mass., to procure a prototype opti-
cal surveillance device which will enable
the Air Force to detect and track man-
made satellites orbiting out in the dis-
tant regions of the stars.

Personnel of Electronic Systems Divi-
sion's YDST, (popularly known
as Space Track) will handle procurement and manage development of the
prototype model.

Besides a powerful telescope, the
prototype model will employ the photo-
sensitive surfaces of an image orthicon
(TV-like) tube, coupled with data cor-
relation techniques to get a fast readout.

The system works like this: The
image of the sky observed through the
telescope is focused on the face or sur-
face of an image-orthicon tube. The
surface is made up of multiple photo-
sensitive cells, like a checkerboard or
honeycomb of the TV tube, with each
section reading independently to the
amount of light hitting it. Electronic
signals, racing to each individual
section, instantaneously relay the mes-
sage.

Data-processing techniques "read"
the message and store it. The incredible swiftness of electronics replaces the
former slow development of a chemical
printout. Further, the star background
is cancelled out electronically. Then the
computer brain compares one "look"
(scan) with the next so that any man-
made object moving in the section
under surveillance will be detected.

Extending the range of radar detec-
tion, the optical detecting system will
not necessarily be restricted to earth
satellites.

ESDI's Anthony Salvucci, 46cl, proj-
ect scientist, said, "The optical-detecting device will utilize electronic tech-
niques of analysis in order to give a
'real time' answer to the satellite sur-
veillance problem at long ranges."

System 494L is one of more than a
dozen uses ranging Air Force electronic
projects centered at Hanscom Field, all
aiding in the problems of command
and control of aerospace forces.

Rocket Society Speaker

Carl O. Horst, the X-15 research
plane's chief engineer at the Aeronauti-
cal Systems Division, recently addressed
the Northeast Ohio Division of the
American Rocket Society at Cleveland,
Ohio. He spoke on the contribution of
the X-15 to rocketing and aerospace.

Horst told the group that the X-15 is
a blend of the ballistic missile and
winged aircraft and that it is made from
Inconel X, which is similar to material
used in automobile exhaust pipes.

He has applied for a patent for an
aircraft wing based on bird flight
mechanisms and has published a book
titled, "Flapping and Soaring." He is
also past president of the Dayton
Aviation Society.

His book describes the mechanics of
birds in flight and was published by the
Sherry Printing Company of Kettering,
Ohio, in 1960.

He is chief engineer of the Experi-
mental and Support Systems Office at
ASD.

Inventory Transfers Net
Millions For Taxpayers

Transfer of articles of military in-
ventory from one service to another
has resulted in the savings of millions
of dollars of the taxpayers' money,
according to a report made by Defense
Secretary Robert S. McNamara to
President Kennedy on July 5.

Procurement of medical articles by
one of the services from the inventory
of another has proven to be a goal
mine, according to Mr. McNamara.

Instead of trying to procure a needed
article from civilian contractors, the
Army or Navy will first search the idle
inventory of the Air Force, and vice
versa. This practice was described by
Secretary McNamara as "one of the
most useful ways to reduce the pro-
curement of inventories."

A sample of how the "transfers"
work was revealed in the recent Air
Force procurement in 1961 new silvered
plated roller bearings used in overhauling aircraft engines. To purchase them
would have cost $25,562. A search
among the agencies, however, showed
that the Navy had a supply of them
which were transferred to the Air
Force. (AF-NS)

Education Pays

A scholar's dream has come true for
Carl D. Simmons, 34, a supervisory
aeronautical research engineer for the
first four of his seven years at the Air
Force Flight Test Center.

He recently started a year of salaried,
tuition-paid study at the University of
Southern California for a master of
science degree, under an Air Force
career development program for promising civilian workers.

Simmons, a Penn State College graduate
(1955) and father of two, Simmons is
the first Flight Test Center winner of
the full-time study award in the three-
year-old Air Force career development
program.

For the last two years he has supervised various key test projects, involving
the foot-sequence B-52 Hustler,
the Air Force's fastest bomber.

Simmons, a native Texan who grew
up in Texarkana, came to Edwards
June 21, 1955 from Trosco State where
he got a bachelor of science degree in
mechanical engineering and mathe-
matics.

[Two photographs are present on the page: one in the lower left showing what appears to be a model or device, and one in the lower right showing a headshot portrait of a man in professional attire]

Carl D. Simmons

AFSC NEWS REVIEW, AUGUST 1962

- page 27 -

Research Pilot School At Edwards AF3

Grooms Students For Top Space Roles

Two large glass doors opening into a reception building labeled with the words, "United States Air Force Aerospace Research Pilot School" are the USAF gateway to space.

At the Air Force Systems Command Air Force Flight Test Center, Edwards AFB, selected test pilots are training to fly aircraft with tomorrow's aerospace craft.

The school offers two courses. One is the Experimental Test Pilot Course, which has been taught at Edwards for several years. The second, the Aerospace Research Pilot Course, goes one step beyond this. Its seven months of training presents the most advanced technological training ever offered by the Air Force, and is probably the most advanced and exciting aviation school in the world.

"What we are doing," Lt. Col. Robert M. Howe, school commandant, said, "is preparing pilots and project officers for this nation's future manned space programs. Some of our future graduates will undoubtedly fly in space and many will be still testing future aerospace vehicles. Some will be assimilated into the many aspects of project management for extreme altitude flight."

Applicants for the advanced course must be graduates of the Air Force's Experimental Test Pilot Course or the US Navy or Royal Air Force test pilot school. They must be on active duty in the grade of lieutenant colonel or below and currently on flying status as a pilot. A minimum of 2,000 hours flying time and a degree or equivalent in engineering, a physical science, or mathematics is required.

"Instruction is divided into four phases," Col. Howe said. "These are academic lectures, flying simulation, and biomechanics. The academic phase is conducted by military and civilian instructors who advanced degrees. Flying training is conducted in advanced aircraft some of which will be modified to exhibit ballistic control, re-entry, and variable stability characteristics.

"For those aspects of future space flight which cannot be demonstrated in present day aircraft, we have added the simulation phase where electronic flight simulators will approximate space conditions for the student.

"Biomechanics training will be conducted at the School of Aerospace Medicine. There the student will be familiarized with the physiological implications of flight in upper atmosphere and space, and related biomedical techniques.

"Finally, field trips will provide the student an opportunity to familiarize himself with allied space work being done by the military, US industry, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration."

The academic program includes math and engineering review, and studies of celestial navigation, computers, the aerospace environment, biomechanics, flight mechanics, heating and aerodynamic theory, guidance and control, communications, instrumentation, propulsion, vehicle systems, and project management.

"Flight training is designed to demonstrate the principles presented in the classroom as well as to maintain the flying proficiency of students.

Various aspects of space vehicle flight that cannot be easily or economically demonstrated in flight are simulated. Students undergo extensive simulator training both at the school and at locations away from the school.

The Aerospace Research Pilot Course is founded out with a program of field trips and temporary duty away from the school. Various organizations, agencies and contractor facilities are visited.

Deceleration Symposium

A retardation and recovery symposium is being held to exploit research in the field of aerodynamic decelerators will be conducted by the Aeronautical Systems Division Nov. 13 and 14.

Sponsored by ASD's Flight Accessories Laboratory, it will be held at the Imperial Hotel, Dayton, Ohio, for government, industry and university researchers.

Reservations may be made by writing to the Aeronautical Systems Division, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, attention Flight Accessories Laboratory (ASRM-FD-2).

The symposium will feature some 15 presentations and discussions.

The laboratory's retardation and recovery branch will be host for the meeting. George Soli is branch chief; Captain Anthony W. Gerzina is symposium project officer.

Many Air Force Academy cadets have been at various AFSC installations in recent weeks in a training program for the Aeronautical System. The future officers are getting their first fast-hand look at work being done at Wright-Patterson AFB last month.

Blonde Wendy Capps, 16-year-old Desert High School senior, was recently selected from 10 contestants to reign as Miss Edwards AFB of 1962. The 5'7" beauty will be 17 in August and will with some 10 other area community queens for the Miss Antelope Valley title. The winner will rule over the annual Antelope Valley, Calif., Fair and Alfalfa Festival. Wendy's father, Maj. Robert S. Capps, is assigned to the Air Force Flight Test Center Headquarters.

Fifteen years ago, Col. Charles E. "Chuck" Yeager became the first man in the world to fly faster than the speed of sound. William I. Rogers, Aerodynamics Division look over that center's newest wind tunnel, above 2½ times the speed of sound.

[Photo captions and images present as described in original document]

- page 28 -

AFSC OBSERVER

At Edwards AFB
Top Space Roles

the principles presented in the open as well as to maintain the proficiency of students in the various aspects of space vehicle that cannot be easily or economically demonstrated in flight are simulated. Students undergo extensive stimulation both at the school and missions away from the school. Aerospace Research Will Conduct out with a program of field and temporary duty away from the base. Various organizations, agencies, contractor facilities are visited.

[Multiple nations representing the air forces of Paraguay, Brazil, Republic of China, Thailand, Italy, Belgium, Peru, Argentina, Viet Nam, Norway, and Saudi Arabia, recently officers examine the X-15 unmanned research rocket plane of Edwards AFB, recently. The officers, who were in this country to attend a Flying Officer Course at the University of Southern California, visited the AFSC installation as a part of their orientation.]

Declaration Symposium

restoration and recovery symposium keyed to applied research in the field of aerodynamic declarations will be hosted by the Aeronautical System Division Nov. 13 and [illegible] sponsored by ASD's Flight Accessories Laboratory, it will be held at the Neil Hotel, Dayton, Ohio, for government, industry and university researchers. Observations may be made by writing to the Astronautical Systems Division, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, attention: Flight Accessories Laboratory (AFFD-23).

The symposium will feature some 15 presentations and discussions.

Declarations evaluation and recovery branch will host a few meetings. George Solf, branch chief; John Anthony M. Guerini is symposium project officer

[PHOTOGRAPH: Black and white portrait photograph of a woman in military uniform]

Made Wendy Capps, 16-year-old Desert High School senior, was recently named from 10 contestants to reign as Edwards AFB in 1962. The 5'7" will be 17 in August and she will some 10 other area community be the Air Cadet Valley. The winner will rule over the Antelope Valley, Calif., Fair at Palmdale and one of Alfalfa Festival. Wendy's father, Robert N. Capps, is assigned to Force Flight Test Center Headquarters.

Many Air Force Academy cadets have been figuratively, floating around at various AFSC installations in recent weeks but these three, participating in a training program at Aeronautical Systems Division, are literally floating. The future officers are getting their first taste of "zero gravity" conditions. They are among a group of more than 800 who received training at Wright-Patterson AFB last month.

Fifteen years ago, Col. Charles E. "Chuck" Yeager (left) was the first man in the world to fly faster than the speed of sound. Here, he and Maj. Gen. William L. Rogers, Arnold Engineering Development Center commander, look over that center's newest wind tunnel, capable of attaining velocities about 20 times the speed of sound.

- page 29 -

ACCENT ON PEOPLE

Determination, Drive And AF Aid
Help BSD Officer To Academic Top

Climaxing a 20-year climb to academic pinnacle, Bllinge Systems Div., Lt. Col. Vincent J. Bracha recently received the degree of Doctor of Business Administration from the University of Southern California's graduate school of business administration.

The dark-haired, soft-spoken colonel was the only officer in the school's 1962 graduate "class of '62" to earn that distinction. He is the first AF officer ever to attain a doctorate from USC in the business administration field.

But most remarkable reached that scholastic pinnacle through a self-imposed program of rigorous night education.

In getting his "third degree," Colonel Bracha began a program begun in 1942 when he entered pilot training on the basis of just two years of high school education.

Since that time he has not only earned a high school diploma but has acquired a B.S and an MBA as well. He has also polished off a variety of service schools, Air Force Institute courses, and has carried out an impressive array of military assignments, including combat flying in World War II.

The colonel's growing accomplishment, however, is a family of three eager children on whom daddy's thirst for knowledge has made an indelible impression.

Some people sit back and dream about what Colonel Bracha says, "but they never take the first step. Once you've decided to go all your just keep going. Persistence becomes a habit."

Chief of the reliability branch of BSD's materiel and technical requirements office, Colonel Bracha began working on his Ph.D in 1958, immediately after his assignment to Los Angeles.

In less than four years he completed 80 credit hours of graduate work in business statistics, economics, industrial engineering and industrial management. His were a lengthy dissertation on "Analysis of Reliability Management in Defense Procurement" and on May 12 passed the final comprehensive examination.

nation certifying him for the degree. The 43-year-old officer is quick to admit that his Air Force service has made his extensive education possible.

"I've going to school some three years on a full time basis," he observes. "What industry would permit that?"

Colonel Bracha, who maintained high academic averages throughout his scholastic programs, says it is hard to identify the precise motivation behind his relentless pursuit of knowledge.

He started out wanting to be a medical doctor," he reflects. "Then I became interested in the sciences. Now I have degrees in management and accounting. I've gotten what I really wanted—the opportunity to read and to think and to excel in some field."

"If I had started out with a doctorate in mind," he adds thoughtfully, "I would have been overwhelmed by the immensity of the task. But the idea is to take first things first, to achieve one plateau before reaching for the next. I think that's the secret to any long-range goal."

[photograph: AFSWC artist Maj. Paul Rominger works on portrait of Sarge. Here he has just solved a officer, who was a World War Two prisoner of the AFSWC deputy chief of staff for class]

Biometrics Chief Named
For PL 313 Appointment

Advancement from the grade of GS-13 to an appointive position under Public Law 313 became effective recently for M. Bryan Danford, Ph.D., who heads the biometrics department of the biosystems research division, School of Aerospace Medicine, Brooks AFB.

The son of Mr. and Mrs. Fred Danford of Buffalo, Tex., Dr. Danford, 39, received an M.A. degree in mathematics from the University of Texas, Austin, in 1953. A former Navy lieutenant (junior grade), he obtained his Ph.D in experimental statistics from the Greater University of North Carolina, Raleigh and Chapel Hill, in 1954. His last year's work on his Ph.D. was carried out under a fellowship awarded to him by the National Science Foundation.

[photograph: Master Sergeant William D. Adams, retired from service officer at Patrick AFB, presents a $100 savings bond each year to the outstanding senior in his home town, Jonesville, N.C.]

Patrick Airman Has
Own Scholarship Plan

Master Sergeant William D. Adams of Patrick AFB recently presented, for the fourth time, the William D. Adams Family Honor Scholarship Award, which annually to the outstanding senior of the sergeants' hometown high school.

The award, a $100 savings bond, was accompanied by a certificate which reads: "Given this day, 26 June 1962, to Glenda Van Hoy for excellence in educational achievements." Miss Van Hoy was the 1962 winner.

Asked why he gives the award Sergeant Adams said, "I conceived this idea while on recruiting duty working closely with high school principals and students. Knowing that awards given in the Air Force make better airmen, I decided to start award competition in the high school."

Sergeant Adams is a strong believer in educating an adequate education. He is enrolled at Brevard Junior College studying electronics four nights a week. Starting next year he will present the award to the outstanding senior of the high school.

[photograph: Lieutenant Colonel Vincent J. Bracha reaches an academic pinnacle as his doctorate degree is officially conferred. He authored entered the military service some 20 years plus with less than a high school education.]

[photograph: At a recent HQ AFSC headquarters luncheon, Maj. Gen. Clyde H. Mitchell, AFSC vice commander, presents that organization an award equipped to enhance individual capabilities in real expression. After the luncheon, General Mitchell chats with Brig. Gen. William Oefti, the president, and Ed Stroms, presiding toastmaster.]

- page 30 -

ve and AF Aid
to Academic Top

tion certifying him for the degree.
The 41-year-old officer is quick to
mit that his Air Force service has
de his extensive education possible.
I've gone to school some three years
a full time basis," he observes,
"hat industry would permit that?"
Colonel Brocha, who maintained high
cademic averages throughout his sche-
ulic programs, says it is hard to iden-
fy the precise motivation behind his
tifless pursuit of knowledge.
I started out wanting to be a medic-
doctor," he reflects. "Then I be-
ame keenly interested in the sciences.
w I have degrees in management.
ut I feel I have gotten what I really
anted—the opportunity to read and to
arn and to excel in some field.
"If I had started out with a doctorate
mind," he says, "I probably would
ve been overwhelmed by the im-
mensity of the task. But the idea is
o take first things first, to achieve one
alestone before reaching for the next.
hink that's the secret to any long-
ange goal."

AFSWC artist Maj. Paul Rominger works on a new painting in his Albu-
querque home. Here he uses black velvet instead of canvas. The artistic
officer, who was a World War Two prisoner of war, is assigned to the staff
of the AFSWC deputy chief of staff for plans and operations.

AFSWC Major 'Brushes Up'
Biometrics Chief Named
For PL 313 Appointment

Advancement from the grade of
GS-15 to an appointive position under
PL 313 became effective rec-
ently for Dr. Bryan Danford, Ph.D.,
who heads the biometrics department
of the Air systems research division,
School of Aerospace Medicine, Brooks
AFB.

The son of Mr. and Mrs. Fred Dan-
ford of Buffalo, Tex., Dr. Danford, 39,
received an M. A. degree in mathe-
matics from the University of Texas,
in 1950, in 1943. A former Navy flight
tenant (junior grade), he obtained his
Ph.D. in experimental statistics from the
Greater University of North Carolina,
finished at Chapel Hill, in 1954. His
last year's work on his Ph. D. was car-
ried out under a fellowship awarded him
by the National Science Founda-
tion.

[handwritten: Master Sergeant William D. Adams, ret-
ored serviceman officer in Patrick AFB
presents a $100 savings bond each year
to the outstanding senior of his home
town, Jonesville, N. C.]

Patrick Airman Has
Own Scholarship Plan

Master Sergeant William D. Adams
of Patrick AFB recently presented, for
the fourth time, the William D Adams
Family Honor Student Award, given
annually to the outstanding senior of
the sergeant's hometown high school.
The award, a $100 savings bond, was
accompanied by a certificate which
read: "Given this day, 26 June 1962,
to Glenda Van Hoy for excellence in
educational achievement." Miss Van
Hoy was the 1962 winner.

Asked why he gave the award Ser-
eant Adams said, "I conceived this
idea while on a recruiting duty working
closely with high school principals and
students. Eventually that awards given in
Air Force pride better airmen. I
ould to start such competition in the
high school."

Sergeant Adams is a strong believer
obtaining an adequate distinction. He
enrolled in a financial home counseling
electronics four nights a week.
Starting next year he will enroll in the
word to the outstanding senior at the
Franklin High School located near
Mullock Concbert housing.

On His Artistic Talents

During duty hours, Maj. Paul E.
Rominger plays an important role in the
operation of the Air Force Special Wea-
pons Center's missile research and de-
velopment mission.

Off duty, he is developing outstand-
ing artistic talent which, he hopes, will
open up new career opportunities after
retirement.

A meticulous craftsman, he has com-
pleted 20 oil and black velvet paintings
since he started painting more than 10
years ago. They include a variety of
subjects: everything from a tiger to an
Eskimo.

"His work shows a mastery of detail
and color. His black velvet paintings
seem to have an inner life of their own,
almost glowing with luminosity.

One of the highlights of his life as an
artist was his painting of a new Alaskan
Air Command insignia when he was on
duty at Elmendorf AFB.

He picked up his first brush when he
was stationed in Honolulu in 1951. His
first paintings were of the gaudy island
scenery.

In Alaska, his technique improved
and he won the Anchorage art show's
"most popular" painting prize.

ASD Research Scientist
Earns Engineering PhD

Henry R. Volkoff, a research scientist
for Aeronautical Systems Division, was
awarded a Doctor of Philosophy degree
in mechanical engineering from the
Ohio State University recently.

A native of Fort Wayne, Ind., Vol-
koff began his government service in
1944 at Langley Field, Virginia. After
his military service, he was employed
as an aeronautical engineer at ASD in
1947.

After serving in the Korean conflict
from M. Y. Y. through Feb. 1952, he
returned to ASD as a superviking engi-
neer conducting research development and de-
sign engineer.

At a recent Hq AFSC familiarization
briefing, Maj. Gen. Clyde H. Mitchell,
AFSC vice commander, endorsed that
coordination on one well equipped for
endurance individuals capabilities in oral
expression. After the luncheon, General
er Mitchell posed with Harry Gabersek club president, and Alan
Stiens, presiding toastmaster.

AFSC NEWS REVIEW, AUGUST 1962

- page 31 -

Bootstiap Captain One Of 22
In Eglin Advanced R & D Class

by Mike Lucas

Kentucky farmboy to space-age scientist—that's the real life story of Capt. Kenneth L. Abney, a student at the Air Force's Proving Ground Center's experimental research and development school.

The graduate school, unique to the Air Force and operated at Eglin AFB by Florida State University full-time professors, has these years enrolled, with only physics and mathematics students enrolled. It was so successful that an extensive course in "Management of Research and Development Installations" was added last autumn.

His Air Force of 17 years ago had suggested that he would earn a master's degree in business administration. Capt. Abney would have been skeptically amused. The captain, now an electronics engineer with Eglin's 3208th Test Group, had enlisted with but one year of high school.

The 23 students in his class, including 17 civilians, use OS-13 ratings and up, have been absorbing the know-how of Professor Watro W. Suojanen, one of the top research and development men working with the Armed Services.

Among thought-provoking articles written by the professor are ones bearing titles such as "Are Women Workers Unpredictable?" and "Is Military Organization Really Better?" plus studies on "Differing Motivations of White Collar Workers" and "Accounting Theory and the Large Corporation."

He points to a magazine article. It asserts, "Every year 30,000 technical journals covering the physical and life sciences will be published along with 60,000 new books and perhaps 100,000 research reports."

"No man can read all that pace," Suojanen stresses. He leaves little doubt that this is the Age of the Expert who must depend upon other specialists. The doctor constantly hammers home the fact that technology is vital today, but that quality management of men, materials, machines and money is even more decisive.

The Air Force estimates it costs $43,000 a year to send a scientist or engineer to a college campus. The Eglin program, run on a lecture and seminar basis with outside speakers in addition to Dr. Suojanen, cuts the expense to a mere seventh, or $2,000.

With the summer session recently over, Captain Abney's class is currently engaged in the task of these research and writing. The captain will explore the management aspects of airborne instrumentation. Before next April, all students will spend some time on the Tallahassee campus to fulfill residency requirements.

Up-East 'Hillbilly'
Adds To His Fame
On Florida Radio-TV

Airman William "Billy" C" Cole picked up a guitar at age 15 on a dare and has been playing and singing ever since. His rich, deep voice has won him many honors, including eight trophies.

Much of Bill's music is original, and has been praised by professionals. He has appeared on stage with a number of professionals, including such notables as Don Gibson, Cuz Wilbur and Grandpa Jones.

Although his hometown is in the northwestern part of the US—Batavia, N.Y.—his spirit is country and western style music.

During overseas assignments, "Billy C" played most of the clubs in Goose Bay, Labrador and Sondestrom, Greenland.

In 1958, as a leader of a western band called the "Jet Strings," he appeared in the Air Force talent contest representing Duluth Municipal Airport and Air Defense Command.

Now at Patrick AFB, Bill has performed many times at the Comet Service Club. His representative Patrick at the AFSC talent contest finals in 1961 and won second place. He was first place in the Country-Western category at Patrick again this year, although his duties didn't permit him to make the trip to Edwards AFB for the AFSC contest.

[Two photographs showing: Captain Kenneth L. Abney and Harold Miles, his supervisor, peer over a blue orbital relating to Tracking Station No. 3, which has been attended the research and development school at Eglin.]

[Photograph showing: Airman Billy Cole, in addition to being a fine entertainer, is president of the Comet Service Club Airman's Council. A Weapons Group observer of Patrick AFB, he is the father of two sons.]

Peter Giannini

"Accent On People

Study at Graduate
Level . . .

24 highly qualified
persons study at the
time receive full p

Pay &
Allowances . . . .

All actions pertain
allowances received
Study Group. Sele
receive final report
watch on this one

Technical
Competence . . .

275 AFSC civilian
trained this year
sponsored by the S
by Navy instruct
AFMDC, CCMR

Sponsor
System . . .

Headquarters carr
bers of Junior Off
sponsor system. Of
practices through

Career
Motivation. . . .

AFSC Officer C
closing study. Th
to SR position
moves are still mos

Promotions . . . .

Long awaited pro
motion received for
new grade waivch

AFSC NEWS REVIEW, AUGUST 1962

- page 32 -

One Of 22
R & D Class

our basis with outside speakers in
tion to Dr. Suojanen, cuts the ex-
a mere seventh, or $3,000.
th the summer session recently
Captain Affrey's class is currently
ed in the task of thesis research
utting. The captain will analyze
management aspects of airborne in-
tations before next April. his
nts will spend some time on the
basase campus to fulfill residency
ments.

Up-East 'Hillbilly'
Adds To His Fame
On Florida Radio-TV

man William 'Billy' or Cole
ed up a guitar at age 15 on a dare
back flying an engine over
His rich, deep voice has won
any honors, including eight tro-
uch of Bill's music is original, and
been praised by professionals. He
appeared on stage with a number
ofessionals, including such nota-
as Don Gibson, Coy Wilber and
olps Jones.

Although Bill's hometown is in the
astern part of the U.S.—Batavia,
V.—his specialty is country and
ern style music.

iring overseas assignments, "Billy"
played most of the clubs in Goose
and Andover and Sonderstrom, Green-
in 1958, as a leader of a western
d called the "Jet Struts," he ap-
ed in the Air Force talent contest
resenting Duluth Municipal Airport
Air Defense Command.

Now at Patrick AFB, Bill has per-
ed many times at the Corner Serv-
Club. He represented Patrick at the
of talent contest finals in 1961 and
nt second place. He won first place
the Country-Western category at
ck again this year, although his
didn't permit him to go to Edwards AFB for the AFSC
ect.

CCMR Employees Selected
For Industrial College

Selection by the Air Force of a Chi-
cago civilian employee to attend the
nine month post-graduate program of
the Industrial College of the Armed
Forces was recently announced by Gen.
B. A. Schriever, AFSC commander.
Peter F. Giannini, 42, was tapped
for the high level military policy mak-
ing course after completing with 15
classmates from six major commands
within the Air Force.

Giannini's selection was concurrent
with his promotion to deputy chief of
the Chicago Air Force Contract Man-
agement District. In his new post he
will be responsible for administering
1,500 Air Force contracts in the Chica-
go area plus Illinois and Iowa with a face
value of over $300 million involving
missile components and electronic com-
munications equipment.

Giannini has been an Air Force
civilian employee since his graduation
from the Illinois Institute of Technology
in 1941.

Two At Edwards AFB
Achieve MAS Degrees
In Off Duty Studies

Lieutenants Timothy H. Fina and
Donald A. Cross of Edwards AFB re-
cently received their master's degrees in
engineering through on-base gradu-
ate study programs conducted by the
University of Southern California.

The officers, who earned their de-
grees through off-duty studies, were pro-
vided dipomas at USC recently.
Lieutenant Fina earned his degree in
electrical engineering and Lieutenant
Cross obtained a degree in mechanical
engineering.

Lieutenant Fina is assigned to the
6593d Test Group (Development) as
instrumentation engineer in the data
systems section where he is working on
Project Scorpio (liquid oxygen-liquid
hydrogen rocket engine development)
and the Ultra Low pressure (high alti-
tude space engine development). A
graduate of the University of Virginia,
he is presently certified by the Com-
monwealth of Virginia as an engineer-
in-training for the professional engineer
ing license.

He started his studies with the base
USC program in the fall of 1959 and
completed 33 hours of graduate work.
Lieutenant Cross graduated from the
University of Oklahoma in 1959, re-
ceiving a degree in aeronautical engi-
neering.

He reported for active duty at Ed-
wards in July of that year and is
presently assigned to the flight research
branch as an aeronautical research en-
gineer, performing analytical and analog
computer research on the dynamics of
aerospace vehicle systems.

Lieutenant Cross began his graduate
studies in the USC program in the
spring semester of 1959-60, receiving
his degree after 2½ semesters.

Twenty-one persons have received
their master's degrees through this pro-
gram since its inception in 1952.

Peter Giannini

'Accent On People' Highlights

Study at Graduate
Level . . .

Pay &
Allowances . . .

Technical
Competence . . .

Sponsor
System . . .

Career
Motivation. . .

Promotions . . .

24 highly qualified civilians have been selected to
pursue study at the graduate level in FY 1963—
will conduct studies in leading universities—same
time receive full pay and allowances.

All actions pertaining to military compensation and
allowances currently being considered by DOD
Study Group. Secretary of Defense scheduled to
receive final report by 30 Oct 62. Will keep close
watch on this one.

275 AFSC civilian and military personnel will be
trained this year in documented mgt—courses
sponsored by the Navy. Courses to be conducted
by Navy instructors at AFSC installations—ASD,
AFMDC, CCMR—no burden cost to Air Force.

Headquarters career advisor gathering together mem-
bers of Junior Officer Committees to evaluate the
sponsor system. Objective—to improve sponsorship
practices throughout command.

AFSC Officer Career Motivation Program is pick-
ing up real steam. The command has moved from 11th
to 5th position among the 21 command R&D
types are still most difficult group to rotate.

Long awaited notification of effective date of pro-
motion received for 144 captains and 84 majors—
new grade was effective 15 July.

rman Billy Cole, in addition to being
iod entertainer, is president of the
ent Service Club's America's Council.
th Weather Group observer at Pat-
AFB, he is the father of two sons.

13

- page 33 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BANNER
UNCLASSIFIED MESSAGE

INCOMING

AF IN: 27831 (13 May 62)     R/AD

ACTION: SAFS-3     (4)

SHB A 037

PP RUEZHQ

DE RUEZHQ 829

ZNR

P 112215Z

FM NASA WESTERN OPERATION S OFFICE SANTA MONICA CALIF

TO SAFOIS 3B MAJ ARLINGTON VA

NASA GRNC

PT

UNCLAS SGD STAN MILLER INFORMATION OFFICER NASA SANTA MONICA

RE YOUR MESSAGE TO IRON, FOR THE RECORD, STAN MILLER DID NOT

REPEAT DID NOT SHOW X-15 FLIGHT FILM. PILOT JOE WALKER SHOWED

FILM IN CONNECTION WITH PUBLIC PRESENTATION ON X-15 PROGRAM

BT

12/1991 MAY RUEZHQ

- page 34 -

ECMR Employee Given Top Award
For Work In Scouting Activities

An employee of the Hartford, Conn., Air Force Contract Management Office has been given national recognition for his outstanding service to the Boy Scouts of America.

The highest award any Boy Scout Council can present to an adult for distinguished service, the Silver Beaver, has been presented to Charles B. Johnson, assistant chief of quality control at Hartford.

His award was official recognition of his outstanding and outstanding career of dedication to the youth of America. Over the past 15 years, he has served as Boy Scout leader, junior and senior scout leader, scoutmaster and district chairman. At present he is serving as assistant District of Connecticut as a member of the district's council ring staff, and an active participant on its health and safety committee. Johnson spends most of his free time, including evenings and weekends, to make better citizens out of the young people he works with. Each year he spends two weeks as an instructor at the Girl Scout and Boy Scout aquatic camp. The scouts are expertly instructed in swimming, life saving, boating, canoeing and sailing.

Within the greater Hartford area he also courses for the American National Red Cross in water safety, boating, safety and first aid. This enabled him to teach children of the area benefit greatly from a special 12-week first aid therapy and rescue from special 12-week first aid therapy and rescue swimming.

One of the highlights of Johnson's scouting career was the Pioneer Trek expedition last summer. He organized and led a group of 36 scouts and explorers on a 21-day trip from Hartford to Cimarron, N.M.

Special events and trips were provided by the United States Air Force ROTC, the Air Force Academy. At each stop, the Air Force provided an escorted tour of the facility, dining and lodging.

At the Air Force Academy the scouts' special presentation on an aeronautic trip into space just

[IMAGE: Black and white portrait photograph of Charles B. Johnson]

three days prior to an actual flight. The cadets put on a special physical fitness display and conducted a parade for the scouts.

At their destination, the Philmont Scout Range at Cimarron—127,000 acres of rugged country on the slope of the Sangre de Cristo Range of the Rocky Mountain Chain—the boys put to use their scouting skills as they emulated their American pioneer forefathers by living of the wilderness with their belongings on their backs.

They hiked some 150 miles through the land of Kit Carson and the Indians to the great peaks of the Rocky Mountains. As their leader, Johnson's responsibilities were heavy. Yet the whole trip was completed without trouble of any kind.

Johnson lives in Windsor Locks, Conn., with his wife, Inez, and their two children, John, 15, and Mary, 13. The whole family is interested in outdoor activities and the children are active scouts.

---

ASD Man Earns Award
For IFF Systems Work

Robert W. Stanford, of the Directorate of Operational Support-Engineering, Aeronautical Systems Division, recently received a special act of service award of $300. The award was presented to him for his work on the IFF identification friend or foe system.

Stanford was one of two representatives from the Air Force at a series of technical meetings lasting 18 months, which culminated with the meetings on the "Serin Fox," developed by Norp Sericia Spares Center was accepted for Canadian-United Nations-based military and civil IFF systems. This system was chosen over a number of other international proposals.

Stanford also has been recognized for the Exceptional Civilian Service Award for his prior to obtaining joint agreement on military characteristics of the IFF system. He was instrumental in showing conference members that the Serin Fox could be easily adopted into USAF airborne sets.

After electronic services in the communications branch, he started his career at ASD in 1944 as a chief engineer at the Aircraft Radio Laboratory.

[PHOTOGRAPH: Master Sergeant J. H. Woodard (right) accepts congratulations of Col. W. H. Cleveland, Air Force Missile Development Center deputy commander. Sergeant Woodard, a Holloman AFB first sergeant, recently earned his Commando's Award at the AFSC Senior NCO Academy.]

[PHOTOGRAPH: Former assistant to the vice commander of AFSC, Col. Thomas P. Corbin is congratulated by AFSC commander, Brig. Gen. Horace M. Griffith, as Col. Arthur C. Diller of AFTAC in the background. He was awarded an Oak Leaf Cluster to his Legion of Merit.]

[PHOTOGRAPH: First woman from the Air Force Missile Development Center to graduate from the "Economics of National Security" correspondence course is Gertrude L. Snyder (left) receiving her diploma from Col. William I. Stafford, director of administrative services at MDAC. The intensive year's course is conducted by the Industrial College of the Armed Forces, Correspondence Division, Washington, D.C. Miss Snyder is employed in the office of administrative services.]

[PHOTOGRAPH: Squadron Leader Peter M. Nolan of the RAF officer assigned to Aeronautical Laboratory, has been named a member of the Noel Coward Club of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth II. His wife and their children look at the steps leading to heightened war record made by Squadron Leader Edward T. Catton, of the RAF, at ASD last year.]

- page 35 -

Given Top Award
Skiing Activities

Three days prior to an actual flight. The
Skis put on a special physical fitness
display and conducted a parade for the
spectators.

At their destination, the Philmont
Scout Ranch at Cimarron—12,000
acres of rugged country on the slopes
of the Sangre de Cristo Range of the
great Rocky Mountain Chain—the boys
set to use their scouting skills when
they consulted their American pioneer fore-
fathers by living off the wilderness with
only belongings on their backs.
They hiked some 150 miles through
the land of Kit Carson and the Indians
and spent weeks in the Rocky Moun-
tains. As their leader, [illegible]'s respon-
sibilities were heavy. "It's a tough trip
[illegible] completed without trouble of any
kind.

Johnson lives in Windsor Locks,
Conn., with his wife, Tec, and their
two children, John, 15, and Mary, 13.
The whole family is interested in out-
door activities and the children are
active Scouts.

ASD Man Earns Award
For IFF Systems Work

Robert W. Stanford, of the Director-
ate of Operational Support Engineer-
ing, Aeronautical Systems Division,
recently received a special act or service
award of $300. The award was
presented to him for his work on the
Mark X identification friend or foe
(IFF) system.

Stanford was one of two representa-
tives for the Air Force at a series of
technical meetings lasting 18 months.
At the conclusion of the meetings,
the "Satin Fix," developed by Mert
Smith, Rome Air Development Center,
was accepted for Canadian United
Kingdom-United States military and
civil IFF systems. This system was
chosen over a number of other inter-
national proposals.

Stanford also has been recommended
for the Exceptional Civilian Service
Award for his part in obtaining final
agreement on military characteristics of
the IFF system. He was instrumental
in showing conference members that
the "Satin Fix" could be easily modified
to meet USAFairborne sets.

An electronics engineer in the tele-
communications branch, he started his
career at ASD in 1944 as a chief engi-
neering aide in the Aircraft Radio Lab-
oratory.

Patrick Officer Cited
For Authoring Books
On Space Capability

Lieutenant Walter M. Ryland III was
recently honored with the AFSC
Junior Officer Noteworthy Achievement
Award. He is assigned to the Office of
Information, Air Force Missile Test
Center.

Lieutenant Ryland was nominated
under the Junior Officer Noteworthy
Accomplishment Program which was
undertaken to recognize the accomplis-
ments of young officers in AFSC.
Colonel H. A. Schroer, AFSC com-
mander, in a personal letter to Lieuten-
ant Ryland, wrote: "Your commander
has informed me that you recently dis-
tinguished yourself by writing two
books on missile and space activities of
the Air Force Missile Test Center. . ."

Lieutenant Ryland's first book, "Cape
Canaveral," was published by Nelson
Doubleday, Inc., Garden City, N.Y.
The book was accepted by the Doubleday Science Program book club and
distributed to its 100,000 members. He
has completed the manuscript of another book, "Spaceport," which will
be published under the same program.
"These two books," General Schroer
said, "provide a strong contribution to
the mission for military space capability.
I commend you for the outstanding
creative and executive abilities demon-
strated in composing these works and
for your exceptional ability and dedica-
tion evidenced in their publication."

RADC Wins Safety Award

The Air Force has awarded a Flying
Safety Plaque, one of its highest flying
safety awards, to Rome Air Develop-
ment Center.

RADC compiled more than 23,000
accident-free flying hours from July 1,
1958 through Dec. 31, 1961.

The center's electronics research and
development operations require exten-
sive flying, much of it to other conti-
nents.

RADC currently has 22 pilots. They
fly 13 aircraft, including Boeing KC-135
Stratotankers, Martin B-57s, twin-engine
Cessna C-45s, Douglas C-47s, Lock-
heed T-33 Shooting Stars, and liaison
DHG-Beecraft L-20 Beavers.

[Below are photographs with captions:]

Master Sergeant J. H. Woodard
(right) accepts congratulations of Col.
W. H. Cleveland, Air Force Missile
Development Center deputy com-
mander. Sergeant Woodard, a former
AFB first sergeant, recently earned
his commandant's Award at the AFSC
Senior NCO Academy.

Former assistant to the vice commander
of AFSC, Col. Thomas P. Corwin is
decorated by Gen. B. A. Schriever,
AFSC commander. Before Colonel Cor-
win left AFSC for duty as vice com-
mander of the Air Force Accounting
and Finance Center, he was awarded an
Oak Leaf Cluster to his Legion of
Merit.

Squadron Leader Peter R. Mayle (left),
an RAF officer attached to Aeronautical
Systems Division's Reconnaissance Lab-
oratory, has been named a member of
the Most Excellent Order of the British
Empire by Queen Elizabeth II. The
award, which is the first of two of these
leading to Knighthood, was received by
Squadron Leader Mayle. Colonel also at
ASD, last year.

A woman from the Air Force Missile
Development Center to graduate from
"Economics of National Security"
correspondence course is Gertrude M.
[illegible] (left) receiving her diploma
from Lt. Col. Alfred B. Berglid, chief
of administrative services at
AFMDC. The intensive year's course
was conducted by the Industrial College
of the Armed Forces (Correspondence
Division, Washington, D. C. Miss
[illegible] has been a civilian employee at
AFMDC since 1947. She is publicize-
ation manager in the office of adminis-
trative services.

James S. Boney of Normandy, Tenn., a
new appointee to the Air Force
Academy at Colorado Springs, visits
Walt Glen, Griffiss L. Peters, com-
mander of Arnold Engineering Develop-
ment Center, prior to reporting to the
Academy. General Rogers, a graduate
of the U.S. Military Academy in 1934,
discussed cadet life with Jim and some
of his colleagues who were doing at
Arnold Center on Project Mercury.

AFSC NEWS REVIEW, AUGUST 1962

- page 36 -

Four Commands Cited
For Savings Program
As 'Money Tree' Ends

Four major commands were presented awards on July 12 by Gen. Curtis E. LeMay, Air Force chief of staff, at a Pentagon ceremony which officially closed project "Money Tree". Gen. Mark E. Bradley was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal for his part in the program, which resulted in savings of more than $100 million on everyday Air Force maintenance and management operations.

The winners of the top awards were II Strategic Air Command, Air Defense Command, Air Training Command and the Alaskan Air Defense Command.

The net savings to the Air Force under the program, initiated by General Bradley in November 1960 when he was deputy chief of staff for systems and logistics, will not be known until a final summation is completed by Air Force head officials.

While the immediate savings were announced as "more than $100 million", Air Force systems and logistics officials said the long-range results will be considerably higher with a "potential saving of a half billion dollars."

"Money Tree" was implemented to eliminate duplication, increase work efficiency and reduce the cost of maintaining the 1959 diversified Air Force operation. It is preceded by several months and put into effect by the Department of Defense, it followed on the heels of the DOD economy and good management program while the two were being conducted concurrently.

Defense Secretary Robert S. McNamara recently reported to the President that the DOD program resulted in substantial savings in all areas of Defense operations.

The "Money Tree" program made the American taxpayer a big winner because of the windfall resulting from improved management in all areas of Air Force operation. (AFNS)

Air Force Commandos
To Help Train Allies

Aerial counterinsurgency, the tough training program underway at Hurlburt Field, Fla., for the Air Force's 4400th Commando Training Squadron, will be used principally to benefit commando units of the allied nations of the free world.

The mission of the Air Force's commandos is not to engage actively in conflict but to instruct allied air crews in all phases of aerial counterinsurgency missions and tactics, as well as the techniques of aerial counterguerrilla warfare.

Training in low level troop end supply drops, close air support, interdiction raids and night detection techniques are among the things to be imparted to airmen of allied nations by the USAF air commandos.

Although principles and techniques used by both ground and air commandos are alike, the newly-formed air commandos at Hurlburt Field will make greater use of air operations.

Upon completion of their training, the Air Force commandos will help train commandos of allied nations to develop units of their own.

Young bowling champions (from left) Edith Summers of Colo., Harold A. Arnold, specialist fourth class, Eddie, a little league short his first bowling trophy this year. Harold, pitcher, has won seven bowling trophies in who has bowled for about three years.

Conclusion of the San Diego Contract Management District bowling season saw the "One Arm Bandits" emerge as the top team. From left are Don Lindner, Rence Solarra, Frank Crable, Frank Ward and Charles Colson. Individual trophies were presented at a season's end bowling banquet.

Headquarters bowling champs, The Trainers, recently marked their third league championship in four years at conclusion of the bowling season. Members of the Education and Training Section team receiving trophies from Maj. Gen. Clyde M. Mitchell, AFSC vice commander, are (from left) Tsgt. Ottaw Fulton, S/Sgt. Robert Redding, Capt. Samuel Jolis, Capt. William Voss, Lt. Col. Maurice Descheppers, and Tsgt. Lawrence Rumfield, team captain.

Winner of the Indianapolis Star's 11th Annual Bat Boy Contest, Dan Fitzpatrick (left) grins proudly as Star's sports editor, J. Carlton D. Gassman (third from left) pins an engraved wristwatch. Max Schmaltz (center), sports manager of the Indianapolis Indians, looks on. Don, the son of Central Contract Management Div. Division's Russell T. Fitzpatrick, received a $200 scholarship from the Indianapolis Indians.

AFFC NEWS REVIEW, AUGUST 1962

- page 37 -

Air Force Commandos
To Help Train Allies

icial counterinsurgency, the tough
ng program underway at Hurlburt
fld., for the Air Force's deadly
Training Squadrons, will be
icially to benefit commando
of the allied nations of the free

mission of the Air Force's com-
is not to engage actively in
but to instruct allied air crews
phases of aerial counterinsurgency
ics and tactics, as well as the
ies of aerial counterguerrilla

ing is low level troop and sup-
ies and at night description techniques
and night description techniques
in of allied nations by the USAF
method.

ough principles and techniques
on are alike, the newly-formed
at Hurlburt Field will
greater use of air operations.
on completion of their training
ir Force commandos will help
of allied nations to train the
units of their own.

Young bowling champions (from left) Eddie, Harold, Jr., and Carolyn are
all children of Col. Harold A. Arnold, special assistant to the AFSC stff
Judge advocate. Eddie, a little league shortstop and second baseman, won
his first bowling trophy this year. Harold, a fighter high school baseball
pitcher, has won seven bowling trophies in three years of play. Carolyn,
who has also bowled for about three years, has taken five trophies.

conclusion of the San Diego Contract Management District bowling season
one the "One Arm Bandits" emerge as the top team. From left are Don
tudes, Home Schurm, Frank Calix, Ruth Vyccd and Charles Cohen.
individual trophies were presented at a season's and bowling banquet.

New officers of the Mirarc Lake
Woman's Golf Association at Edwards
AFB are (from left) Jean Archer, vice
president; Jean Robbins, secretary;
Dorothy Clark, treasurer; and Jackie
Bear, president.

recently marked their third
of the monthly scheduled
tion team receiving trophies
commander, are left to
Capt. Samuel Jolly, Capt.
and Sgt. Lawrence Rimadelf.

Winner of the Indianapolis Star's 110
Annual Bat Boy Contest, Don Fitzpat-
rick (left) grins proudly as Star's sports
editor, Jep Cadel Jr presents him with
an engraved wristwatch. Mel Schine
(right), business manager of the Indianap
olis Indians, looks on. Don, the son
of Central Services Division's resident at
igan's Russell T. Fitzpatrick, received
a scholarship from the Indians, whom
indians.

Officers Wives Club bowling champs at
the Edwards Special Officers Club pose
with trophies presented for a recent
bowling season. From left are Joan Fitz-
gin and Jackie Bear. Not pictured is
Candy McBride.

- page 38 -

SOCIAL SIDE

57 lady Volunteers Lauded For Hospital Red Cross Service

Capping and recognition ceremonies for Red Cross volunteers at the USAF Hospital Lackland were recently held in the hospital auditorium.

Twenty-one Gray Ladies and Youth Staff Aides received caps marking the end of their training period and 36 workers received service awards.

Principal speaker for the occasion was Brig. Gen. James M. Humphreys, Jr., hospital commander. The capping was performed by Lt. Col. Mary F. Gates, chief, clinical nursing service.

Among those honored were two mother-daughter teams of volunteers. They are Mrs. Richard M. Klocho and Miss Kerry Klocho, Mrs. Oakley K. Park and Mrs Carolyn Park, Mrs. Robert J. Wackerson and Miss Elizabeth Wackerson, Mrs. Victor J. Stachnieiwicz and Miss Collins Stachnieiwicz, Mrs. Thomas E. Todd and Miss Patricia Todd.

Caps were presented to Misses Trudy F. Auvil, Josephine Bayer, Anita L. Bogaert, Sylvia De la Garza, Patricia Dulsvitz, Carolyn Park, Marcy Fleming, Molly Fonting, Lois Gilbert, Joanne Haseldes, Charlene Hay, Stella L. Nickey, Roselyn Paulson, Bonnie Sherrod, Collins Stachnieiwicz, Linda Welch, Alana J. White, Ann C. Williams and Margaret Dean; and Mesdames James A. Boyd and Harvey R. Mobley, Jr.

Service awards went to Mesdames William H. Besber, Thurman A. Glasgow, Leis Hirstein, Sidney H. Luther, Harold Norris, William A. Woodie and Robert J. Wolverton, Misses Donna J. Bivins, Sharron M. Boothe, Donna Connally, Barbie Dickson, Barbara A. Faulkner, Mary L. Garcia, Eileen M. Gilbern, Rose M. Gonzales, Haidy Guiznero, Barbara J. Haddock, Anita H. Henderson, Cheryl Kern, Connie Kentner, Kerry Kleche, Stacy Klutz, Rosemary Ledgewood, Peggy A. Maloney, Donna L. Mendes, Stephania Morais, Barbara J. Nichol, Cynthia L. Oswalt, Hedy Petski, Joan Marie Schlid, Alice Elaine Schmit, Omelia A. Sullivan, Patricia Todd, Geraldine Tremble, Patricia A Walden and Elizabeth Wolverton.

Patrick Wives Club Gives 4 Scholarships

Four students recently received scholarships totaling $1,150 from the Patrick AFB Officers Wives Club. Marilee Dunlap, daughter of MSgt. and Mrs. Elwyn B. Dunlap, received a $400 scholarship. She plans to attend Brigham Young University to major in psychology.

Patricia Adams, daughter of MSgt. and Mrs. William D. Adams, plans to use her $300 grant to attend Brevard Jr. College, majoring in journalism.

Robert Larry Rhodes, son of SFC Robert M. Rhodes and Mrs. John O'Connor, will attend Florida State University, and plans to apply his $300 grant toward a degree in either chemical or aeronautical engineering.

Lorna Butler, son of TSgt. and Mrs. William F. Butler, plans to enroll at the University of Florida where he will study civil engineering.

Final selection for the scholarships was made by Woodrow J. Darien, superintendent of Brevard County Schools, and a committee of educators.

[Photograph of Mrs. John A. Denmark receiving congratulations]

Mrs. John A. Denmark (left) receives congratulations from Mrs. John Fisher, Chairman of volunteers, South Brevard County Chapter of the Red Cross, following presentation of a plaque marking her voluntary service of more than 1,700 hours of volunteer service.

[Photograph of Mrs. Anthony C. Benjes, Jr. and group]

Mrs. Anthony C. Benjes, Jr., base projects chairman (right), offers her congratulations to four students who won Officers Wives Club scholarships at Patrick AFB. They are (from left) Robert Rhodes, Marilee Dunlap, Lorne Butler, and Patricia Adams.

VA Child Benefit Facts Available

The Veterans Administration has put out a reminder for your reference file on the legal definition of "orphan" and what it can mean in college educational benefits to your children.

The VA says that there are five major areas of misunderstanding which keep eligible children from applying for benefits rightfully theirs.

According to the VA, these misunderstandings are:

1. The fact that one-parent still lives makes some children believe they do not qualify as "orphans." An "orphan" is a child whose veteran-parent is dead or the result of a wound, accident or illness attributable to service in the Armed Forces.

2. The fact that the dead parent had only meager service makes others believe they are ineligible.

If the veteran-parent's death resulted from the performance of duty or from extra-hazardous service during peace time, the child is eligible.

3. The fact that they are married makes some believe they are no longer "children."

Marriage does not affect eligibility. Any son or daughter of a serviceman, whose death is attributable to his service, is eligible for the educational benefits provided by or she is between 18 or 23 years of age.

4. The fact that their living parent, usually their mother, has remarried and their step-father has legally adopted them, makes some children believe they are ineligible.

The marriage of the living parent and the subsequent adoption does not affect the eligibility of the children.

5. The fact that many children do not cash, nor are prepared, for education at the college level makes some believe they cannot take advantage of this benefit.

Although training for a high school diploma is not permitted, eligible children may take vocational courses and other non-college training that will help them earn a living.

The VA says it will be glad to spell out its War Orphan Educational Program, pointing up that 41,500 children have taken advantage of this program.
(AFNS)

Recently elected officers of the Edwards AFB (from L-R) Norma Douglas, president; Jackie Phillips, corresponding secretary; and Sally [illegible], recording secretary.

- page 39 -

Lauded For
ss Service

Patrick Wives Club
Gives 4 Scholarships

Four of this year's scholarship
scholarships totaling $1,150 from the
Patrick AFB Officers Wives Club.
Marilee Dunlap, daughter of MSgt.
and Mrs. Elwood B. Dunlap, received
$400 scholarship. She plans to attend
Brigham Young University to major in
psychology.
Patricia Adams, daughter of MSgt.
and Mrs. William D. Adams, plans to
use her $200 grant to attend Howard
Jr. College, majoring in journalism
Robert Larry Rhodes, son of SFC
Robert M. Rhodes and Mrs. John
O'Connor, will attend Florida State
University and plans to apply his $400
grant toward a degree in either chemi-
cal or aeronautical engineering.
Home builder, son of TSgt. and Mrs.
William F. Butler, plans to use his $150
at the University of Florida where he
will study civil engineering.
Final selections for the scholarships
was made by Woodrow J. Darden,
superintendent of Brevard County
Schools, and a committee of educators.

Mrs. Dale D. Thornogate, recently
named Family Services coordinator at
Patrick AFB reads to her children,
Clap and Cathy, from one of six books
donated for the PS play area. The play
area is being established to provide
children "old-supervised" activity while
parents sign in at Patrick.

Joined For Disaster Aid

Through efforts of a civic-minded
group at Patrick AFB, the Cape Canav-
eral Chapter of the National Defense
Transportation Association was organ-
ized on Oct. 13, 1960.
Members of the group headed by
Capt. Jean P. Feigenbaum, traffic man-
agement section chief, banded together
to enhance prompt assistance in any
period of disaster affecting the Canav-
eral area or the National Defense
Program.
The chapter is made up of Patrick
military and civilian personnel along
with members of the trasportation in-
dustry.
In the event of a disaster the NDTA
members will coordinate all transpor-
tation agencies, Motor, Rail, Bus, Air
and Vans in conjunction with the Air
Force and Red Cross in the evacuation
of refugees.

[blank space]

Capt. Anthony C. Benjes, Jr., base projects chairman (right), offers her con-
gratulations to four students who won Officers Wives Club scholarships at
Patrick AFB. They are (from left) Robert Rhodes, Marilee Dunlap, Lorne
Butler, and Patricia Adams.

the veteran-parent's death resulted
in performance of duty or from
hazardous service during peace-
time the child is not included. In
the fact that they are married
while the living parent may as "in
loco parentis."
"This does not affect eligibility
on or daughter of a serviceman.
'hild is responsible to his servi-
ceman for the educational bene-
fit he or she is between 18 or
sis of age.
"In fact their living parent,
their mother, has remarried
'er stepfather has legally adopted
makes some children believe they
eight.
marriage of the living parent and
sequent adoption does not affect
ability of the children.
"Fact that many children do
on, nor are prepared, for educa-
s the college level makes some
'they cannot take advantage of
ugh trained for a high school
's not permitted, eligible chil-
take vocational courses and
ncollege training that will help
in a living.
VA says it will be glad to spell
War Orphan Educational Pro-
oming in detail at 1,980 children
an advantage of this program.

Recently elected officers of the Edwards AFB Officers Wives Club are
(from left) Norma Douglas, president; Jackie Benn, vice-president; Bonnie
Phillips, corresponding secretary; and Sally Semler, treasurer. Fran Palifu,
recording secretary.

AFSC NEWS REVIEW, AUGUST 1962

- page 40 -

REPORT FROM DETAILS:

MORE HIGH ALTITUDE UFO SIGHTINGS. It seems that almost every Russian cosmonaut or one sort or another. In our June issue we reported on Col. "The Planet" [illegible], which were also seen by Russian cosmonaut Gherman Titov. More recently a report from Valley, flying the experimented aeronautical design at a desert altitude, came upon five or six disc-shaped or cylindrical-shaped objects. These were not in any way identifiable by aviation during the history-making flight. Still later, another Air Force pilot, while was highlighted by the dramatic sighting of a strange paper-like object on in flight.

The X-15 sightings have been more or less identified as bits of ice or debris from rockets that land area. Incident Air Force pilots, operating on the Salton and Glenn incidents, conclude as follows: "This definite have no firm conclusion concerning astronaut Glenn's sighting, although several possibilities have been suggested. In any case, neither of these sightings produced any evidence that would indicate that there was any threat offered to these men and their crafts." The wording here is very diplomatic, no doubt to its left open that the UFOs were non-threatening but completely mysterious phenomena of some sort.

- page 41 -

SPACE

Glenn Reports on Flight

THE BRILLIANT LIGHT from the "firefly" Astronaut John H. Glenn Jr. saw passing the windows of his space capsule was observed by more than 1,000 scientists at a symposium in Washington, D.C. On film, showing the astronaut in the capsule, close-ups revealed reflections of the burning chunks of retropack. It proved that the brilliant "fireflies" were chunks of the retropack burning as they fell away from the capsule. The astronaut's silver suit, his face, and instruments around him in the cabin were "coated over" with a bright orange glow every time a chunk went past the window. The mystery is generally fitted off as the retropack's burning rockets have been discarded. A fairly exhaustive had shown the retropack might hold a loose heatshield onto the astronaut and he was therefore concerned about the retropack, which might help hold a loose heatshield onto the capsule.

However, Astronaut Glenn was not informed about most of the flight, the viewing of the film showed. During the showing of the film, he said that he had not been particularly troubled. His updated "on each bit of information, rather than waiting for a final closeout recapitulation from the ground," as expected by technicians, such as the housekeeping retropack difficulty.

The astronaut also showed color slides he had taken with his 35 millimeter camera

from the capsule. The shots showed cloud formations over the earth very clearly. The U.S. Weather Bureau had asked observations to be included in the Mercury program to find if the height of clouds and the different kinds of cloud formations can be determined from the space capsule. The astronaut said the shadows on clouds, which appeared quite dark, would help to determine the height, and he reported observing various kinds of cloud formations.

The Weather Bureau is interested in improving the optical equipment of the Tiros and Nimbus weather satellites to determine the height of clouds. The astronaut said that from the information gathered on his flight it is quite possible to determine cloud heights from this altitude of from 97 to 199 miles.

His color slides revealed the white band of sunlight at the edge of the earth which is extremely bright at sunset. The bottom layer of the band becomes bright orange and fades into reds as the sun sets.

The band of white sunlight could be seen to fade and become narrower toward the horizon. There was also a band of sun light that was a deep-blue band and above that the black sky. The astronaut while looking along the horizon is visible for four to five minutes after sunset which he considers a long time since sunset occurs 15 times as fast as normal.

He told how dark shadows were cast on the earth during sunset and pointed out weather areas showing dark against the white light from the sun.

The astronaut took all the pictures of the sunset after passing into the night side of the earth. He was not close to the sun while above the atmosphere, but this would require a period of dark adaptation prior to sunset.

An eyepatch had been developed for this purpose. It was to be held in place by a tape which unfortunately did not work. The plan had been for the astronaut to use the eye without patch while still in the daylight and to look with the dark-adapted eye after he passed into the dark zone.

If the eyepatch had been developed for use on the next trip, the astronaut may get valuable information for studying clouds close to the sun just as it passes below the horizon. It is also possible that one of the future astronauts in the two-man Gemini capsule could use a mask such as is used by pilots of high-flying aircraft to become dark adapted, which takes seven to ten minutes in a darkened room is dependent on the vitamin-A content in the eye and the general health of the person.

* Science News Letter, 21-27 April 21, 1962

- page 42 -

Science News Letter for April 28, 1962

ASTRONOMY

X-15 for Star Research

THE HIGH-FLYING research airplane, the X-15, will be used as a platform for studying the stars from above most of the earth's atmosphere.

A new role for the X-15—a base for experiments in astronomic and space sciences—was announced by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration in Washington, D.C. Work on one of the primary projects, an experiment in ultraviolet and infrared photography of the stars, has already started.

Scientists at the University of Wisconsin are designing instruments for stellar studies from altitudes above 40 miles. Drs. A. D. Code and F. E. Hoods plan to test current theories of stellar atmospheres by examining the ultraviolet and infrared spectrum from the high-flying X-15. From the earth's surface, ultraviolet light is blocked by atmospheric ozone, but the X-15 can fly above this layer.

One advantage of the X-15 is that the aircraft can be oriented to face the stars. Another is that it can return and repeat the experiment.

Instruments for the "star tracker" include a gimbaled platform containing four cameras, to be mounted in the X-15 instrumentation bay behind the cockpit.

The new program for the X-15 is planned to make use of its capabilities for extremely high speeds and altitudes beyond all but a few miles of the atmosphere. The program adds at least 35 flights to the schedule set originally for X-15 research and may take two years to complete.

There will be a successor to the X-15. No money has yet been allotted in the budget, but plans for this year include completing the study and design of the plane.

The plane, unnamed so far, is expected to have a combination engine such as a turbo-ramjet or turbojet. It will be a non-air-breathing engine that will have some ability to cruise, which the X-15 does not. The plane is expected to be capable of flying higher and faster than the X-15 which once achieved a record height of 217,000 feet and a speed of 4,000 miles an hour.

• Science News Letter, 81-261 April 28, 1962

CHARTS

- page 43 -

landscape came alive with orange and black anti-aircraft fire. A shell rippled White's engine to bits, spewing globs of oil on the windscreen. Recalls White:

"We were on the deck. When the flak caught me, I tightened the canopy and jumped. I felt the parachute shock and then before my feet hit the trees, I was that low. That was my closest call ever."

White spent seven months in Nazi prison camps. After the war, he came back home and picked up his flying where he left off as a freshman. He no sooner had his degree (electrical engineering) than the Korean war broke out. His 51st tapped up his flying in the Air Force Reserve, and in 1951 was recalled to active duty. Though White was no coward, he comes, he decided to stay in the Air Force. His cold, precise flying won him 15 years of experimental test-pilot training. Since 1955, White checked out as pilot on replacements; the F-86K, F-100H, F-102 and F-102B. The 1950 nearly did him in. He was hovering along at 1,200 m.p.h. when a piece of the intake duct broke off and shot through the fuselage. If it hadn't torn up the "compressor," he says now, "the whole plane would have been lost."

Most Serious. White drew the sought-after X-15 assignment in 1958. North American's Scott Crossfield took the first wild ride in the X-15—which has been a flying test bed for developing systems used in Project Mercury. From 1958 until 1962 it climbed intensively, often five jobs in "chase" missions when other pilots were testing the X-15. Finally, in April 1962, he took the X-15 up for the first time. Within three months he had flown it to its first world altitude record (134 miles) since then he has piloted the X-15 to half a dozen new speed and altitude marks.

Loss Remarkable Fellow Test Pilot

landscape came alive with orange and black anti-aircraft fire. A shell rippled White's engine to bits, spewing globs of oil on the windscreen. Recalls White:

"We were on the deck. When the flak caught me, I tightened the canopy and jumped. I felt the parachute shock and then before my feet hit the trees, I was that low. That was my closest call ever."

White spent seven months in Nazi prison camps. After the war, he came back home and picked up his flying where he left off as a freshman. He no sooner had his degree (electrical engineering) than the Korean war broke out. His 51st tapped up his flying in the Air Force Reserve, and in 1951 was recalled to active duty. Though White was no coward, he comes, he decided to stay in the Air Force. His cold, precise flying won him 15 years of experimental test-pilot training. Since 1955, White checked out as pilot on replacements; the F-86K, F-100H, F-102 and F-102B. The 1950 nearly did him in. He was hovering along at 1,200 m.p.h. when a piece of the intake duct broke off and shot through the fuselage. If it hadn't torn up the "compressor," he says now, "the whole plane would have been lost."

Most Serious. White drew the sought-after X-15 assignment in 1958. North American's Scott Crossfield took the first wild ride in the X-15—which has been a flying test bed for developing systems used in Project Mercury. From 1958 until 1962 it climbed intensively, often five jobs in "chase" missions when other pilots were testing the X-15. Finally, in April 1962, he took the X-15 up for the first time. Within three months he had flown it to its first world altitude record (134 miles) since then he has piloted the X-15 to half a dozen new speed and altitude marks.

Loss Remarkable Fellow Test Pilot

Joe Walker (True, May 31), White is the most serious flyer in the U.S.A. He and his pretty wife Doris live with their three children (one son, two daughters) in a three-bedroom house at Edwards. A former base, four miles from the green cement-block flight-operations center where White files a desk when he is not jockeying X-15 and jets. They entertain only infrequently; take off for the Los Angeles beaches every chance they get.

Now Mystery. After the sky-stabbing record flight last week four X-15 pilots gathered with Walker, North America's Scott Crossfield took the first wild ride in the X-15—which has been a flying test bed for developing systems used in Project Mercury. From 1958 until 1962 it climbed intensively, often five jobs in "chase" missions where President Kennedy gave them the Robert I. Collier Trophy (previously won by only a handful of famous achievement in flight). But for White and his fellow X-15 pilots, the greatest reward for their work is the satisfaction of probing the mysteries inside the sky. In last week's flight: Bob White found a new mystery for scientists to puzzle over: through the X-15's left quartz window, he saw a strange sight. "There are things not there," he said. "Not radio. There absolutely is." As White later described one "thing"—it was a piece of paper the size of a very hand tumbling slowly outside the window. It was grayish in color, and about 10 to 40 feet away. I haven't any idea what it could be."

THE ECONOMY

Process of Education

With President Kennedy already set on a tax cut this year if he can put it, the Administration last week moved to clear some obstacles out of the way—at least to chart them carefully for future reference. While deliberately downplaying any idea that the U.S. might be on the brink of another recession—a task that becomes increasingly difficult as more disappointing economic indicators come out—it began to be "educating" the Congress and the people to the need for a tax cut, whether or a cut is advisable now.

The Administration's Wilbur Mills, chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee led a reluctant group cutter at best, to hold the hearings, which are planned to start this week. Since Kennedy has not yet come out publicly for a tax cut—and may not until August, after he has seen the economic figures for July—Administration officials will appear at the hearings. Instead, the hearings will call economic specialists from the N.F.U., and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the Brookings Institution, plus basic economists and two prominent payrolls and potentials more firmly in a tax cut's corner. Until now, present economists ministers. One invited witness: Federal Reserve Board Chairman William McChesney Martin Jr. To that end, too, New Deal economists now feels about a reduction, advocates some tax cutting, Democrats' members on their attitude toward a quick 9% billion cut that would include both individual and corporate income taxes. Their findings, combined more than half of the Senate's 65 Democrats favor such a cut, but only under a variety of ill-defined conditions. As well as educating the public, the Mills hearings are intended to overcome such congressional indecision.

Tax. Last week revealed a tendency among some powerful congressional Democrats toward opposing the proposed tax cut if it is accompanied by a reduction in the Government's budget deficit. The final figures released last week showed to be $6.3 billion less than Administration experts

TIME, JULY 27, 1962

[PHOTOGRAPH: black-and-white photograph showing Major White with son after the flight, with aircraft in background. Caption reads: "MAJOR WHITE WITH SON AFTER THE FLIGHT 'There are things out there.'" Also shows: "WILLIE WITH WIFE" - photograph of Willie with his wife in profile]

15

- page 44 -

CHR        CALLING LA 2361  GA   OX
           2361-9      O OX
THIS IS SAFOI LA GA PLS

THIS IS HART  DID YOU USE THAT DOD NUMBER 104 THAT WE GAVE YOU OR THE
NASA FOOTAGE?
OJN
THE FOOTAGE ON THIS X-15 SPOTS WAS NOT USED BY THE POOL HERE IN LOS
ANGELES. THEY LOOKED AT THE FOOTAGE AND DECIDED AMONGST THEM THAT IT
WAS NOT OF SUFFICIENT QUALITY FOR TV VIEWING. HOWEVER THEY DID SAI
SHIP IT TO NEW YORK IN CASE THE NEW YORK POOL FELT DIFFERENTLY ABOUT
IT. THEREFORE YOU SHOULD CHECK NEW YORK TO DETERMINE WHETHER THE
FOOTAGE WAS USED BY THAT POOL. GA
OX  THX  NOW CAN YOU GET ANOTHER PRINT OF THAT SAME FOOTAGE AND
HAVE IT SENT TO OUR PROJECT BLUE BOOK OFFICE IN WRIGHT PAT
NEW BEDFORD OHIO FOR STUDY AND FILE FOR FUTURE REFERENCE BY PLS
Y:S LOCKOUT MOUNTAIN THE ORIGINAL AND IT WOULD BE BETTER IF WE SENT
RIGHT PAT THE COLOR PRINT RATHER THAN BLACK AND WHITE WHICH IT GOD
GOT. IT MIGHT SHOW A LITTLE BIT MORE M. GA PLS
OK THEN ILL JUST CONTACT LMI AND WORK OUT A DEAL WITH THEM THNX AND ARL
OUT HERE
US3 NAVUT

[handwritten: LC, Robert Prievel, Navy Foreign Technology Division (TD-E)
AMIFORCE Systems Command, Wright Patterson, Ohio]

- page 45 -

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for May 26, 1962                335

SPACE

Glenn Effect Seen in 1954

New evidence from stereo pictures taken by rocket eight years ago backs up theory that the glowing particles seen by Astronaut Glenn were snow crystals, Tove Neville reports.

▶ A ROCKET shot into space eight years ago has yielded new evidence supporting particles Astronaut John H. Glenn Jr. and Cosmaut Gherman S. Titov saw in space may have been snow crystals. Stereo photographs taken from a Viking rocket launched in 1954 showed glowing particles similar to those described by the two space men. The particles appeared every time the particular rocket fire appeared and never during the flight of the space capsule, Dr. Siegfried Fred has observed.

The difference in size could be accounted for by the greater amount of water vapor ejected from the Viking control jets than from National Space vehicles. This explanation was given to Science News by Otto E. Berg, physicist at the Naval Research Laboratory in Goddard Space Flight Center.

To support observations made in the day sky experiment, Mr. Berg has observed that water droplets, when placed in a vacuum system that is pumped down to a high vacuum will freeze and remain as ice crystals for many minutes without evaporating or sublimating (turn to gas). This proves water can turn to ice and exist as ice in space.

When the stereo photographs were made, Mr. Berg was conducting an experiment in a Viking rocket to determine the brightness of the day sky at high altitudes and to determine if clouds of particles existed at those high altitudes as claimed by other rocket experiments.

The photographs were taken by two cameras, spaced 3 feet apart, using red, blue and polaroid filter. Some shots were also made without filters, he said. The brightness of the sky at 135 miles was less than 50,000 times dimmer than at sea level. Clouds of particles alleged to exist at this altitude were not detected.

Scientists agree that Glenn's observations of the glowing particles were accurate. Snow crystals would have appeared as bright yellowish-green when the sunlight shone through them. Glenn also believed the firefly-like particles were snowflakes. Some scientists working with particle effects failed to produce snowflakes by working the thrusters of the capsule's jets, he discarded the idea.

Astronaut Glenn related further that the particles looked white when close to the capsule windows in the shade away from the sun. He noted that the particles were

visible to Glenn in the darkness. Then, as the capsule emerged from the earth's shadow into the sunlight, the ice crystals became visible to the astronaut. Shortly after, some of them reportedly tumbled, or expected, the ice particles.

It is possible that the water vapor from which the particles would form could have been released from the vents of the capsule's fresh air-conditioning system of the space capsule.

Glenn might have been able to see the particles from around the capsule during the night part of his orbit and the light from the night sky reflected off them. Thus firefly-like particles could have made the other had fallen from his face.

By the time the capsule moved into the morning sunlight, Glenn was able to see the particles which had collected during the night until they had evaporated from the energy of the sunlight or moved back toward as they were not able to keep up with the spacecraft.

Another assumption that these particles were not ice, therefore some other compound of snow, but still about where to form a halo around the earth for some munications was obscured.

According, M. Scott Carpenter, the astronaut scheduled to repeat Astronaut Glenn's flight, will do try to discriminate among glowing particles.

► Science News Letter, 51:353 May 26, 1962

- page 46 -

GENETICS

Space Changes Heredity

CHANGES IN HEREDITY of genes from Soviet experiments on the Third International Space Symposium in Washington, D.C. However, the adverse physical strains in men and dogs who have endured for short periods in space will appear in the permanent or pathological in nature.

Only limited data on space crew heredity have been collected. A significant acceleration of the processes of cellular division was revealed in the specimens of rats, cats, and wheat seeds carried aboard the Soviet spacecraft Genetic effects observed in orbiting trait flies showed gene mutation. In the case of a control group, others showed changes in the narrow cells of male flies. The hereditary changes were observed in three percent in the control animals.

In dogs, however, the changes were not pathologically significant. Shubin, for example, had healthy normal livers following her space flight.

Plant and animal experiments in space in each instance are compared with a control group that have been subjected to all the same conditions of space flight itself.

Biochemical changes were evident in the blood, urine, and nervous system of rats.

Explore Solar Flares

MAN-MADE radiation on earth has resulted in the development of new known and techniques for exploring solar radiation with satellites in outer space. Dr. Henry Friedman of the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory also lectures at the "Third International Space Symposium" in Washington, D.C.

Spectroscopy used to measure the temperature and density of gases in nuclear reactors will be used in an Orbiting Solar Observatory (OSO), to be launched next year, to measure the temperature and density of gases from solar flares. This OSO will open new possibilities for the first time to study the hot regions of solar flares that are normally obscured.

Solar flares are the ejection of high energy particles that appear to explode a flame out from the surface of the sun. The effort really activation will rather reception and weather. The ability to predict solar flares is essential for the safety of men in future deep space probes, and communication in space.

They originate, according to present theories, from electromagnetic disturbances or thermal reactions. Heat and density measurements with spectroscopy will indicate which theory best explain the flares, although in present periods that the causes are interrelated.

Experiments are being planned to trap the sun and obtain its crown with satellites. Scientists will be able to make more definitive statements about why this has previously been possible.

★ Science News Letter, 81:324 May 26, 1962

SEISMOLOGY

Mexico Quake Largest
Since Disaster in 1957

THE EARTHQUAKE which shook three southern states in Mexico on May 11 was the worst in that area since 1957 when 68 persons were killed, many injured and property damage extensive, seismologists claimed in Washington, D.C.

The quake struck nearby half way between Mexico City and the famous resort town of Acapulco. The shock resonated with terrifying force through the area.

Buildings collapsed in Chilpancingo, nearby capital of Guerrero State, and plaster and bricks, light poles and fountains fell in Acapulco and Mexico City. An electric power plant was knocked out in Mexico State and scores of persons were rushed to hospitals in the Mexico City Federal District.

Asteraganizing the 1957 quake was a hard jolt. Little or no wave is expected from the present quake, according to latest information.

The quake reached 7.7 magnitude on the Richter scale, compared to a 7.9 recording for the 1957 jolt.

This difference is quite significant, seismologists point out, since 1 magnitude is multiple of 63 times in intensity.

★ Science News Letter, 81:324 May 26, 1962

- page 47 -

[handwritten: Glass Papervis]

4/31/62
THE READER'S DIGEST

John Glenn
and His Day of Miracles

CONDENSED FROM TIME

THIS was the moment. He had worked toward it for three years. Now he was alone, flat on his back on a form-fit couch inside the instrument-packed capsule Friendship 7. In an incredibly matter-of-fact voice, Lt. Col. John Herschel Glenn, Jr., began to count: "Ten, nine, eight, seven, six . . ." A great yellow-white gush of flame spewed out from the Atlas-D missile. For nearly four seconds, it seemed rooted to its pad. Then, al-

"This is a new ocean," said President John F. Kennedy, "and I believe the United States must sail on it." Here is the emotion-packed story of the man whose cool daring and determined skill thrilled the world

most deliberately, it headed into the brilliant blue sky. "We're under way," said Glenn.

In the next four hours and 56 minutes, John Glenn lived through and

Time (March 2, '62). © 1962 by Time Inc., Time & Life Bldg., Rockefeller Center, New York 20, N.Y.

59

- page 48 -

THE READER'S DIGEST

shared with millions a day of miracles. There was beauty. "I don't know what you can say about a day in which you have seen four beautiful sunsets," Glenn said later, "—there in orbit, and one after I was back." There was the wonder of weightlessness. "This," said Glenn, "is something you could get addicted to." And there was danger: "This could have been a bad day all the way around."

Early World. After lift-off, the next crucial stage of the flight was the expansion of rocket and capsule at the proper angle to put Glenn into his programmed orbit. When his orbit was confirmed at Cape Canaveral, Glenn jubilantly radioed back: "Capsule is turning around. Oh, that view is tremendous! I can see the booster doing turnarounds just a couple of hundred yards behind. Cape is go and I am go."

As he began to cross Africa, Glenn set out to test his reactions to the eerie world of weightlessness. He shook his head violently to see if the motion would induce space sickness. Nothing happened. "I have had no ill effects at all from zero G," he reported. "It's very pleasant, as a matter of fact. Visual acuity is still excellent. No nausea or discomfort whatsoever."

Glenn had with him a small hand camera to take pictures through his window. "It seemed perfectly natural rather than put the camera away, I just put it out in mid-air and let go of it." With the camera suspended as though on an invisible shelf, he

went on with other work, then reached back and plucked the camera out of the air.

Soaring over the Indian Ocean, Glenn began his first night in space. The stars were bright diamonds on black velvet. "If you've been out in the desert on a very clear, brilliant night when there's no moon and the stars seem to jump out at you, that's just about the way they look."

As he approached Australia, Glenn radioed Astronaut Gordon Cooper in the tracking station at Muchea: "That was about the shortest day I've ever run into. Just to my right, I can see a big pattern of light, apparently right on the coast." The glow was the city of Perth, which had prepared a welcome for Glenn that was also a test of his night vision. Streetlights were ablaze. Householders turned on their porch lights, spread sheets in their yards as reflectors. When the lights were explained to him, Glenn radioed Cooper: "Thank everybody for turning them on, will you?"

Then, in the first moments of dawn, Glenn saw a fantastic sight. At first he thought "that the capsule had gone up while I wasn't looking and that I was looking into nothing but a new star field. There were thousands of little particles outside the cabin. They were a bright yellowish-green, about the size and intensity of a firefly on a real dark night. As far as I could look off to each side, I could see them."

Glenn speculated that the particles might be the cloud of needles

May

- page 49 -

1962        JOHN GLENN AND HIS DAY OF MIRACLES        61

the U.S. Air Force had tried to orbit late October,* or like they might be snowflakes formed by the cooling of water vapor from his jet nozzles. But he quickly rejected both theories. Best explanation of the phenomenon: the capsule was giving off distinctly charged particles of water or gas vapor that were attached to each other, built up the specks that Glenn saw.

*Nightmare of Suspense. Throughout his thrilling data, John Glenn recorded the emotion and impressions of being the United States' first tourist in orbital space. He had little sensation of speed: it was, he said, "about the same as flying in an airliner at, say, 30,000 f=—and looking down at clouds at 10,000 feet." Over California, he spotted part of the Imperial Valley to his left, and the Salton Sea; he could even pick out the irrigated acres around El Centro, where he once lived. Looking down on the Atlantic, he saw the Gulf Stream as a river of slud.

But Astronaut Glenn's adventure involved far more than mere sightseeing. He encountered difficulties that turned his journey into a nightmare of suspense. Over Guaymas, Mexico, on his first orbit, the capsule's attitude-control system began to act up. A small jet, designed to release hydrogen-peroxide steam to keep the capsule in a stable position, was not working properly. The capsule—

*Aim of the Air Force project was to enlarge the capsule's heat shield with tiny copper wires, which could be used as a reflector to relay radio messages. Nothing has since been seen of the wires.

sule, reported Glenn, "drifts off in yaw to the right at about one degree per second."

To return the capsule to its normal position, Glenn took over the controls himself and activated other jets. For most of the rest of the flight, he had to "fly" the capsule either by hand or by using a semi-automatic "fly-by-wire" system roughly akin to power steering on an automobile.

As he crossed the Pacific a second time, the erratic jets made the capsule "roll" (turn on its horizontal axis). A similar roll in last November's flight of the chimpanzee named Enos made it necessary to bring the capsule down after two orbits. Again John Glenn was able to overcome the trouble manually. Worrisome as it was, this problem was nothing compared with another threat. Just as Glenn was beginning his second orbit, an instrument panel in the Project Mercury Control Center at Canaveral picked up a warning that the fiber-glass heat shield on Friendship 7 had come apart. If the shield were to separate before or during Glenn's re-entry into the earth's atmosphere, he would perish in a flash of flame.

One by one, other tracking stations picked up the ominous signal. Project Mercury officials huddled tensely, trying to decide what to do. The final decision was made by Operations Director Walter Williams: an attempt would be made to hold the heat shield in place by changing the re-entry procedure. The retro-rocket packet was supposed to be

- page 50 -

62                        THE READER'S DIGEST                        May

jettisoned after the rockets them-     with Glenn. At the same time, other
selves had been fired. But the packet  instruments tracking the capsule
itself was bound to the capsule by     stopped registering. The blackout
nylon metal bands. Williams fig-       was predictable, caused by ioniza-
ured that the bands might be strong    tion from the heat of re-entry. It
enough to hold the shield to the cap-  lasted for seven minutes and 45 sec-
sule during the descent. He knew       onds. Then came John Glenn's ex-
that the heat would eventually burn    ultant voice. "Boy!" he cried. "That
away the straps, but he hoped that     was a real fireball!"
by that time the air resistance would      Glenn had made it; he had suc-
be dense enough to hold the shield     cessfully re-entered the earth's at-
in place.                              mosphere. As it turned out, the heat
    Life or Death. Glenn took the      shield had been in place all along;
news of the deadly threat with char-   a monitor in the capsule had been
acteristic calmness. He made the       flashing a misleading signal to the
adjustments necessary to keep the      ground. But John Glenn could not
retro rocket packet in place, hand-    be certain that he was safe until he
flew his capsule into proper attitude  saw the parachute which would low-
for descent—and braced himself.        er his capsule gently into the Atlan-
Timed by a pre-set mechanism in        tic ocean. Said he the next day,
the capsule, the braking rockets fired "That's probably the prettiest of
in sequence. Friendship 7 shud-        sight you ever saw in your life."
dered. "It feels like I'm going clear      At 2:43 p.m. Friendship 7 splashed
back to Hawaii," Glenn radioed. He     into the Atlantic with a sizzle as the
could feel his body beginning to be    red-hot shield turned the sea water
squeezed by the bull'up of G forces.   to steam. Surging ahead at flank
    Outside the window he could see    speed, the destroyer Noa began to
a fiery glow. "It became apparent     race helicopters from the carrier
that something was tearing up the      Randolph to the scene. The Noa
heat shield end of the capsule,"       won, plucked the capsule out of the
Glenn said later. "There were large    ocean at 3:01. Across the United
pieces somewhere from as big as the    States, the millions of television
end of your finger to seven or eight   watchers sagged with relief.
inches in diameter coming past the         Shirt Sleeves and Overalls. John
window. You could see the fire and     Glenn seemed almost destined for
the glow from them—big flaming         this day of triumph. As a test pilot
chunks."*                              and a combat flier with 149 mis-
    On the ground, Astronaut Alan      sions in World War II and Korea
Shepard, the capsule communicator      (he holds five Distinguished Flying
at Cape Canaveral, lost radio contact  Crosses and an Air Medal with 18
                                       clusters), he had lived with super-
*The "chunks" were disintegrating frag-   sonic speed and the constant pos-
ments of the retroocket packet.

- page 51 -

1962          JOHN GLENN AND HIS DAY OF MIRACLES          63

sibility of sudden death. To the
millions who have now seen and
heard him, it is obvious that he was
a perfect choice to become the first
American to orbit the earth.

He was raised in New Concord
(population: 2000), a quiet, shirt-
sleeves-and-overalls town in central
Ohio, where his father, by turns, was
a railroad conductor, proprietor of
a plumbing business and owner of
the local Chevrolet agency. As a
boy, John swam in Crooked Creek,
hunted rabbits, played football and
basketball, read Buck Rogers, was a
great admirer of Glenn Miller, and
blew a trumpet in the town band.

In 1939 he entered Muskingum
College, a small Presbyterian school
in New Concord. He was a substitute center on the football team, got
solid B grades, and schemed to get
into the war as a pilot. He learned to
fly in a Navy program for civilians
at New Philadelphia, 35 miles away,
then quit college as a junior to join
the Navy's preflight program. In
1942 he took the Navy's option to
join the Marine Corps, and won his
pilot's wings and gold second lieutenant's bars. Then, resplendent in
his dress-blue uniform, he came
back home to New Concord to marry
Annie Castor, daughter of the
town dentist, and his sweetheart
ever since he could remember.

Smooth Pilot. There was never
any question about John Glenn's
flying skill. After his war duty, he
developed a cockscure method of
occasionally demonstrating it. Says
Marine Lt. Col. John Mason, "John-

ny would fly" up alongside you
and slip his wing right under yours,
then tap it gently against your wing-
tip. I've never seen such a smooth
pilot."

As a test pilot for the Navy's
Chance Vought F8U Crusader fighter after the Korean War, Glenn
showed the determination that later
landed him in the cockpit of Friend-
ship 7. He had the F8U up to
Mach 1.2 one day when something
snapped and the plane veered sharply. Most test pilots would have
gingerly guided the plane back to
base. Glenn, scribbling notes all the
while, stubbornly pushed the fighter
up to Mach 1.2 two more times to
see if it would happen again. It did.
When he finally landed, he discovered that 24 feet of the trailing edge
of a wing had been broken off.

Early in his career, Glenn developed the art of "sniveling." Explains
Marine Lt. Col. Richard Rainforth,
who flew ground-support missions
beside Glenn in both World War II
and Korea: "Sniveling, among pilots, means to work yourself into a
program, whether it happens to be
your job or not. Sniveling is perfectly legitimate, and Johnny is a
great hand at it." In 1957 Glenn
sniveled the Marines into letting
him try to beat the speed of sound
from coast to coast. Flying an F8U-1,
he failed by nine minutes, but he did
knock 23½ minutes off the coast-to-
coast speed record by covering the
distance in 3 hours 23 minutes at
an average speed of 726 m.p.h.

Then, in 1959, Glenn resolutely

- page 52 -

64                THE READER'S DIGEST                May

set out to swivel his way into the  down to a trim, flat-bellied 168.
toughest program of all: Project  To train himself to handle a cap-
Mercury. He started with two hand-  sule tumbling out of control, he
icaps: he lacked a college degree,  spent hours spinning giddily in the
and, at 37, he was considered an old  fiendishly contrived "Mastif" (mul-
man. But he managed to get permis-  tiple axis space test inertia facility),
sion to go along as an "observer"  which simultaneously rotates in
with one prime candidate of the  three directions, like a carnival ride
Navy's Bureau of Aeronautics.  gone amok. Time and again he
When the candidate failed an early  rode the giant centrifuge, which
test, "Johnny stepped up, chest  multiplies gravitational pull to sim-
high," Rainoforth recalls, "and of-  ulate the strains of take-off and
fered himself. They took him."  return. Despite his years, Glenn
   Through the Wringer. Candidate  showed the least heart fluctuation of
Glenn and 500 others were run  any astronaut. (At lift-off of Friend-
through a wringer of mental and  ship 7, Glenn's pulse rate was a rela-
physical tests.* Doctors charted their  tively placid 110 beats per minute.
brain waves, skewered their hands  Shepard's rate was 139; Grissom's
with electrodes to pick up the elec-  170 during their lift-offs. All three
trical impulses that would tell how  men normally register between 60
quickly their muscles responded to  and 70 beats a minute.)
nerve stimulation. Glenn held up    The Hero. Not since Charles A.
tensiously under tests of heat and  Lindbergh, in 1927, has the United
vibration, did especially well with  States had such a hero. From the
problems of logical reasoning.  moment he stepped out of his cap-
   To the surprise of no one who  sule onto the deck of the Noa,
has ever known him, Glenn was one  Glenn has accepted his apotheosis as
of the seven who were picked to be-  coolly as he handled Friendship 7
come the nation's first astronauts.  on its flight through space. In the
But even among the astronauts John  flood of press conferences, parades,
Glenn stood out in his determina-  appearances before Congress and
tion. By his own decision, he spent  Congressional committees, he has
only weekends with his wife, son  been articulate and at ease. There is
and daughter in Arlington, Va.,  honest pride in his great achieve-
lived Monday through Friday at  ment, but he has gone out of his way
Virginia's Langley Air Force Base  to acknowledge the roles of hun-
so that he could better concentrate  dreds of others who stood behind
on the program. He ran two miles  it. In greetings to his backstage
before breakfast every morning,  co-workers at Canaveral, he put his
sweated himself from 195 pounds  feelings in this fashion: "There is
    * "The Fantastic Search for the First  much acclaim for this flight, but it is
Space Man," The Reader's Digest, May '62.  only one step in a long program. I'd

- page 53 -

1962                    JOHN GLENN AND HIS DAY OF MIRACLES                    63

like all of you who worked on it to
feel that I am your representative.
I'm getting the attention for all
of the thousands of you who worked
on it."

In terms of national prestige,
Glenn's flight put the United States
back into the space race with a
vengeance, and gave the morals of
the entire free world a huge and
badly needed boost. Contrasted with
earlier Russian shots, it was a great
victory for the open society that
produced Glenn—and proved the
wisdom, in terms that Woodrow
Wilson might have used, of "open
skies openly viewed."

Technically, it justified and re-
deemed the long labors, careful
planning and exacting standards of
the U.S. space program, into which
the nation has hopefully poured
several billion dollars.

For man himself, it produced
one valuable lesson. Because the
Russians released little data about
astronauts Gagarin and Titov, the
world now knew with certainty
for the first time that, at least for
the period Glenn spent in space, a
healthy and well-conditioned man
can live in the forces of gravity and
weightlessness with no ill effects. By
taking over the controls himself and
proving that man can "fly" a capsule
through space, Glenn also struck a
blow for man's genius and versa-
tility, answering the critics who

claim that instruments can do any-
thing better in space than man. Said
Glenn, "Now we can get rid of some
of that automatic equipment and
let man take over."

The Enormity of Space. For the
United States Glenn's flight is only
the beginning. After at least four
more three-orbit flights, U.S. space
officials plan to send an astronaut
on an 18-orbit shot sometime late
this year or early in 1963. With more
powerful rockets under develop-
ment, the United States hopes to
launch two-man capsules by 1964,
keep them in orbit for as long as
two weeks. (U.S. scientists estimate
that the Soviet Union may try a two-
man orbital flight almost any day.)
Most ambitious of foreseeable U.S.
space flights is Project Apollo, which
aims at putting three men on the
moon—and bringing them back—
by 1968.

At his first press conference, John
Glenn emphasized the point that the
exploration of space is still in its
primitive stages. If the diameter of
the earth were scaled down to about
80 inches, he said, his flight had
brought us only 1 1/3 inches above
it. "If you think of the enormity of
space, it makes our efforts seem
puny. But these are all step-by-
step functions we go through. The
manned flights we've had to date
have added information. This flight,
I hope, added a bit more."

—Abbé Georges Lemaitre: "I do not believe that God ever intended
to disclose to man what man could find out for himself."  — [illegible]

- page 54 -

Race Discrimination
With a Union Label

While union constitutions boast of brotherhood, hun-
dreds of locals condemn Negroes to the lowest jobs
and, in many cases, exclude them from work entirely

By LESTER VELIE

Of all the battle-grounds on which the Negro fights for equal-ity, the unions, which control his daily bread, loom most. Union constitutions proclaim lib-erty, equality and fraternity. Union locals battle for civil-rights laws. But most unions in the building trades—electricians, plumbers, sheet-metal workers and others—ex-clude Negroes. So do the printers and engravers, and many locals of the machinists.

This means exclusion from a job. For although the Taft-Hartley Act outlaws the closed union shop, un-der which a man must show a union

card before he can work, it is the unions that control the hiring in these trades. The contractor who needs bricklayers or electricians calls the union hiring hall for them.

In Washington, D.C., Negro families can now send their children to integrated schools, eat at any public restaurant or put up at any hotel. But no Negro has as yet gained ad-mittance to the plumbers local there, nor to the electricians, steamfitters, sheet-metal workers, stone cutters or a dozen others.

For two years after Negro elec-trician James Holland came from Detroit to Washington, he was un-able to get a construction job; the all-white Washington Electricians

- page 55 -

OPR    CALLING LA 924 GA OK    M
LA     924-G V OK 1352D LMAPS GA

SAPOI-3
WILL YOU PLEASE MAKE A COLOR PRINT OF THE FOOTAGE FROM THE
JOE WALKER FLIGHT IN THE X-15 USING ONLY THOSE PORTIONS OF
THE FILM THAT SHOW THOSE UNUSUAL BLOBS AND SEND IT TO
LT COL ROBERT FRIEND HQ5 FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION PAFBO
ID-5 PAREM AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO
THIS IS NEEDED THERE FOR STUDY AND FILE FOR FUTURE REFERENCE USE
GA

END HERE
ARL OUTO

- page 56 -

SPACE

Clue to "Glenn Effect"
In Astronaut's Pocket

THE CLUE to the identity of the luminous particles observed by Astronaut John H. Glenn Jr. during his orbit in the pocket of the next orbiting astronaut.

A small pocket spectroscope carried along in space should solve the mystery of what the bright spots, known as the Glenn Effect, are, Dr. Charles M. Herzfeld of the Department of Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency said in Science 136:1121, 1962. Dr. Herzfeld believes that the color of the particles and their pattern of visibility indicate that they are condensed nitrogen and possibly oxygen irradiated by the sun.

Other scientists have theorized that the shiny spots may be flakes of ice or paint from the capsule. The yellowish-green color of the particles rules against the ice theory, Dr. Herzfeld told Science Service. "Ice crystals are colorless or white; luminous nitrogen is light yellow-green. He gives no support to the paint flake theory.

The ARPA research scientist believes that nitrogen and oxygen released by the capsule became luminous when the rays of the rising sun hit them. (Glenn had observed the particles after each sunrise on his orbital flights.)

The National Aeronautics and Space Administration is seriously considering Dr. Herzfeld's suggestion that a spectroscope be included in the equipment of the next astronaut. A spectrographic reading by the astronaut would show whether the luminosity is in the spectrum for trapped nitrogen and oxygen.

* Science News Letter, 82:23 July 14, 1962

- page 57 -

[stamp: NEFF 62]

SUBJECTS

SEATTLE (AP)--TEST PILOT JOE WALKER SAYS FILM TAKEN DURING HIS RECENT FLIGHT IN THE ROCKET-POWERED X-15 EXPERIMENTAL PLANE ADDS A RECORD HEIGHT
OF 215,000 FEET ABOVE THE EARTH TO HIS CREDIT. IT WAS THE THIRD REPORT OF UNEXPLAINED OBJECTS AT HIGH ALTITUDES.

WALKER SIGHTED BOTH A DOZEN OR MORE REDDISH OBJECTS AND A GREENISH GLOWING OBJECT DURING ORBITAL FLIGHTS AROUND THE EARTH. WALKER SAID FOR THE NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION, HE DISCLOSED AT THE NATIONAL CONFERENCE ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS TUESDAY.

WALKER, AIDED BY AN ENGINEER WHO ANALYZED MOTION PICTURES, DISCUSSED EXPERIMENTAL FLIGHTS. GLENN ALSO WAS ON THE PANEL.

"I'VE NEVER BEEN ABLE TO EXPLAIN THESE THINGS," WALKER COMMENTED ON THE FIRST SIGHTING OF THESE OBJECTS. HE SAID THE OBJECTS APPEARED AS THE PLANE MOVED OVER THE TOP OF ITS FLIGHT AND HEADED FOR EARTH.

"DON'T FEEL LIKE I CAN RULE OUT THE POSSIBILITY OF THESE OBJECTS," WALKER SAID. "ALL I KNOW IS WHAT APPEARED ON THE FILM IN LATER STUDY."

ASTRONAUT JOHN GLENN, IN SEPARATE SESSION, CONFIRMED HE HAD BEEN UNABLE TO ESTIMATE THE RANGE OF PERHAPS SEVEN TO ELEVEN MILES OF OBJECTS DURING HIS THREE ORBITS. HE WAS QUESTIONED ABOUT REPORTS THAT THEY MIGHT HAVE BEEN CONDENSED CRYSTALS OF SNOW KNOCKED OUT BY HIS CAPSULE -- SNOWFLAKES. "I DON'T FEEL LIKE TYPE SNOWFLAKES, OR PAINT PEELING OFF THE OUTSIDE," HE SAID. "THEY WERE NOTHING LIKE THAT. THEY SEEMED TO MOVE AROUND ME." HE SAID THE OBJECTS WERE STEADY AND ABOUT THE SAME COLOR AS "GREENISH-YELLOW." THEY SEEMED TO BE A GOLDEN COLOR OF THREE TO FIVE MILES AND ABOUT 3 FEET IN DIAMETER OR A HOUR EITHER FASTER OR SLOWER THAN THE CAPSULE.

DATELINE 5/11

[handwritten: P
2 of
PRB-64]

- page 58 -

[handwritten: Charlie
Frazin]

[handwritten: Televised
FedNo64]

SAFOI-3
IS MAJ MARK THERE PLS THIS IS SAFOI LA GA

HIN PLS

MAJOR MARKS WILL NOT BE IN THE OFFICE UNTIL 430 OUR TIME SO WOULD
YOU PLS PASS THIS MSG ON AND I WILL DELIVER TO HIS OFFICE SINCE NO
ONE IS ABLE TO COME TO THE TELETYPE NOW

OK
GA

I AM SURE YOU ARE AWARE OF AP STRY XXXX STORY OUT OF SEATTLE IDXXX TODAY
ABOUT JOE WALKER AS SAYING THAT ON HIS RECENT ALTITUDE TEST FLIGHT
A REAR FACING CAMERA TOOK PHOTOS OF WHAT LOOKED LIKE FLYING SAUCER
OBJECTS. THE FOOTAGE THAT IS REFERS TO IS BEING DELIVERED TO
LOOKOUT MOUNTAIN TODAY AND NATURALLY ALL OF THE TV AND REELS ARE
SCREAMING FOR IT. THIS IS NASA FOOTAGE, NOT AIR FORCE, HOWEVER,
WE HAVE A STANDING AGREEMENT WITH NASA TO ACT AS THEIR RELEASING
AGENT FOR THEIR X-15 FOOTAGE. WE NEED A DOD RELEASE NUMBER FOR THIS
FOOTAGE. I DON,T KNOW WHETHER WE XXXXXX LOOKOUT CAN GET A REDUCTION
PRINT OUT TODAY IN TIME FOR RELEASE TO THE POOL OR NOT AND I DON,T
KNOW HOW MUCH FOOTAGE OR WHETHER IT IS IN 16 AND 9 BUT WILL LET YOU
KNOW LATER WHEN WE GET ALL THE INFORMATION.

- page 59 -

0

W 022                M           CASSING LA 2351 GA    OK      TWIN PLS
N OK
SAFOI LA GA PLS

SAFOI-3
THIS IS HART     RE THE JOE WALKER FOOTAGE     NASA LOCALLY DISSAPOVES
RELEASE OF THE FOOTAGE    NUMBER ONE    THEY FEEL WALKER ONCE
DRAMATIZED THE FOOTAGE TWO HZ HAS THE REP OF BEING SOMEWHAT OF A
SHOWMAN AND THREE HZ NASA SCIENTISTS FEEL RATHER CERTAIN THAT WHAT
WAS SEEN   ON THE FILM IS REALLY SOME EXUDATION FROM   THE AUXILIARY
POWER PLANT YOU CAN CROSSCHECK WITH THE NASA MAN AT I BELIVE IT IS
SANTA MONICA BUT THE ABOVE IS WHAT WE ARE TOLD LOCALLY.     GA

OK.    HOWEVER NASA HERE IN SANTA MONICA HAS ALREADY NOTIFID THE
TV OUTLETS THAT THEY WILL MAKE FOOTAGE AVAIL THRU OUR FACILITIES.
I AM GOING TO GO BACK TO NASA HERE AND TELL THEM TO GIVE PRESS
THIS INFORMATION YOU HAVE GIVEN TO US SO THEY CAN BE THE ONES TO
TURN PRESS DOWN I AXX RATHER TAN US.  GA PLS

HOLD ONE    I BELIEVE WE OUGHT TO GET HOLD OF NASA HERE AGAIN AND RELAY
TO THEM WHAT YOU   HAVE JUST TOLD ME     SOUNDS LIKE MAYBE THEIR LEFT
HAND IS NOT COGNIZANT OF SHAT THE RIGHT IS DOING     UZ SHOULD GIVE
HIM A CHANCE TO GET STRAIGHT IN THEIR OWN HOUSE     MAYBE WHEN HE LO CALL JOES HEAR WHAT THEIR WSST COAST MAN HAS COMMITTED     HIMSELF
TO THEY MIGHT CHANGE THEIR MIND TO PREVENT EMBARRASSMENT  ILL CALL
YOU BACK LATER GA OPLS

OK.  THAT SOUNDS LIKE THE BEST APPROACH.  IN FACT, THEIR OFFICE IN
WASHINGTON SHOULD NOTIFY THEIR OFFICE HERE TO TAKE WHATEVER ACTION
THEY DEEM NECESSARY.   WE ARE SIMPLY THEIR RELEASING AGENT AND
WE WILL DO WHATEVER THEY SAY.  GA PLS

OK I  AGREE AND JUST IN CASE THEY DECIDE TO GO AHEAD WITH IT
HERE IS A TEMPORARY RELEASE NO FR DOD 104  WILL CALL YU BX LTR
ARL END OUT
END
11 MAY 5293

- page 60 -

EHO
323X CALLING LA 2351 GA
IN LS ARL        OOK         SRY FOR DELAY HAVING        TOXXX TROUBLE
TEACHING LA OXO
LA        2351-3         OK
SAFOI LA GA PLS

SAFOI-3
HAFI HERE ON THE NASA FOOTAGE AGAIN IT IS NOW OK TO GO AHEAD AND
RELEASE ON THE DOD DOD NUMBER WE GAVE YOU BEFORE HAVE COORDINATED
WITH STAN MILLER IN SANTA MONICA AND THE WASHINGTON OFFICE AS WELL
SEEMS THAT STAN HAS ALREADY SHOWN THE STUFF ON THE NEW BOYS AT
CASTLE SO THERE WAS NO USE FOR WASH OFFICE TO HOLD UP FURTHER
PERHAPS YOU SHOULD CALL STAN AND LET HIM KNOW THAT ALL IS WELL
AND THE SKIES ARE BLUE AGAIN ALSO FOR MY SAKE PLS TRY TO GET HIM
TO PLAY THE STUFF DOWN WITH A CAPITAL DOY   BECAUSE THIS WILL
TRIGGER OFF ALL THE FLYING SU   SAUCER NUTS ON THE WEST COAST AND
WELL BE GETTING A WHOLE LOAD OF NUT LETTERS AGAIN  GA
THIS IS HAJ "SPOTS" ICONS
IT IS TOO LATE TO CONTROL THE DEGREE OF COVERAGE FROM HERE. THE POOL
HAS ALREADY BEEN NOTIFIED AND I UNDERSTAND THAT CBS PLANS TO GO
WITH IT NATIONALLY TOMORROW AND ABC PLANS TO GO WEST COAST REGIONALLY.
ALSO WIRE PHOTOS WANT TO BLOW UP A SINGLE FRAME FOR AP AND UP STILL
SHOT PLEASE SO UNDOUBTEDLY IT IS GOING TO GET NATIONAL COVERAGE.
THIS IS ALL BASED ON THE ASSUMPTION THAT THE FOOTAGE IS WORTHWHILE & 
FOR NEW XXX NETWORK RELEASE.  GA PLS

THERE  IS ONLY ABOUT FOUR SECONDS OF STUD  STUFF AT TWENTY FOUR FRAMES
THOUGH YOU SEE IT HAS SHOT AT FOUR FRAMES SO THAT DID NOT GIVE
THEM MUCH TO PLAY WITH  ANYHOW WE ARE NOT THINKING OF WORRYING ABOUT
THE FACT THE PIX GET RELEASED IT IS JUST THAT IF HE  WILL PLAY THE
WHOLE OF THE FACT  THAT THEIR SCIENTISTS BELIEVE THE STUFF TO BE
MARTIAL FROM THE X 15   AUXILIARY ENGINE IT WILL TAKE IT OUT OF THE
SAUCER FIELD PRETTY  MUCH  AND MIGHT NOT GIVE SO MUCH POSSIBLE
TROUBLE IN THAT MI  NUTTY AREA GA PLS
MIN PLS        HAJ IRONS ON PHONE

OK
THAT IS ALL FROM HERE
GA PLS
END ARL OUT




END
111 MAY 52
OV

- page 61 -

