There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which contains various fields filled out to document a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 7-8-62 
2. LOCATION: Kansas City Missouri
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 2225
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: O Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: O Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1.5
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Multiple
9. COURSE: NE
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Multiple pulsating white lights moving in a zigzag pattern at a rapid rate of speed, believed to be controlled flight. Extremely maneuverable to NE. Witnessed by 5-6 year old boy, who was interested in this strange occurrence. However, with no prior experience, he did not report to any authority until one year later.
11. COMMENTS: Sighting appears to be controlled flight, possibly a U.S. aircraft or experimental type of vehicle, however the described maneuverability and zigzag pattern of the lights is unusual. No other information is available to make a more definitive conclusion.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

"Gentlemen,

On the evening of July 22, 1962, at approximately 9:48 p.m., my neighbors and I noticed a bright object about five to ten miles in a southeasterly direction at about five to ten thousand feet. The object was hovering in an easterly direction and appeared to be about five hundred yards in diameter.

We were observing it - with a powerful monocular - which indicated that it was about six hundred yards in diameter. The object remained stationary for about five minutes and then began to move in a northerly direction at a speed of about five hundred miles per hour. After about two minutes, it suddenly stopped and began to hover again. This up and down action continued for about fifteen minutes and then the object shot straight up out of sight.

There was no sound except for an occasional "hum" which was audible for about one minute. The shape of the object was elongated and cigar-shaped, similar to that of a submarine.

I am a retired mechanic and my neighbors are businessmen. We are all persons of good reputation and have no reason to doubt our sighting. Could this possibly be identified as some type of military aircraft or secret government project?"

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with handwritten text.

Text extracted from the document:

Telephone report very March
Yours truly

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. government document, specifically a memorandum from the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense to the Director of Information, USAF, regarding the referral of correspondence. The text of the document is as follows:

22 JUL 63

OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

September 17, 1962

DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION, USAF
Referral of Correspondence

The enclosed correspondence is forwarded for consideration and appropriate action. Reply to this request from the Kansas City, Mo., correspondent copy of which is not requested.

Incl: Ltr dtd 9 Oct 62
Kansas City, Mo.

Staff Assistant
Directorate for Special Activities
Room 2D 776, The Pentagon
Liberty 5-6700, Ext. 76452

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an envelope or mailing cover with various markings and postage stamps.

The text found in the document is:

KANSAS CITY, MIS-

SEP 14 1962

MAIL

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed or printed document with rows of text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract all the text found in the document:

Page 6
CASE NO. 8685730
KANSAS CITY, MISSOURI, 8 JULY 1962
On 8 July 1962, a letter was received from Mr. James L. Wilson, Midtown Station, Kansas City, Missouri, stating that on 5 July 1962, at approximately 10:30 p.m., he and his wife and daughter observed an unidentified flying object in the sky.

The object was described as being round or oval in shape, yellow-orange in color, and seemed to be giving off a bright glow. It was observed for approximately 20 minutes and appeared to be moving in an erratic manner, hovering at times, and making abrupt changes in direction.

No sound was heard, and the object was not observed through binoculars or telescopes. The night was clear and the object was observed in the southwest portion of the sky.

The letter from Mr. Wilson was referred to this office for investigation and evaluation. A member of this office contacted Mr. Wilson by telephone on 14 July 1962, and obtained additional details concerning the sighting.

Mr. Wilson stated that he, his wife, and 10-year-old daughter were sitting on their back patio when they first observed the object in the southwest sky. He stated that the object appeared to be approximately 1,000 feet in altitude and about 1 mile distant. He described the object as being round or oval in shape, yellow-orange in color, and seemingly giving off a bright glow. He stated that the object remained in view for approximately 20 minutes, during which time it appeared to make abrupt changes in direction and to hover at times.

Mr. Wilson stated that no sound was heard, and that the object was not observed through binoculars or telescopes. He stated that the night was clear and that the object was observed in the southwest portion of the sky.

The details of this sighting have been recorded and will be included in the files of Project Blue Book.

- page 6 -

