PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
21 (?) September 1962

2. LOCATION
Cato, New York

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT 21/23157

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
X Ground-Visual
Air Visual
Ground-Radar
Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
Yes No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
4-5 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
SE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object with brightness of 4-5 magnitude
star observed in wavy flight 10 SE,
part of flight obscured by clouds.
Color changed or fluctuated with red
the predominant color. Witness
believed object outside of atmosphere.

11. COMMENTS
Report submitted in Ltr February
1963 and witness not sure of
date. Probably satellite sight-
ing. No check possible without
date. Case considered as a
probable satellite sighting.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other: Satellite
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown


- page 1 -

Project Blue Book Information Officer
SAFOI-3 Headquarters U.S.A.A.
Room 40-916
The Pentagon
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Gentlemen:

I am writing in regard to my reported sighting of an unidentified flying object(UFO). I believe what I saw earlier helped I asked if you could possibly give me some explanation as to what it was, and then you sent me an eight page questionnaire. Prior to possibly sending me an answer to this letter and my question. Thank you very much.

Yours truly,

Cato, New York
May 4, 1963


- page 2 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

20 May 1963

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDE
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting

TO: HQ USAF SAF-OI 3b (Major Mort)
Wash 25 DC

1. Reference the attached letter from [redacted]. The following information is provided as a reply.

2. A report was received in February of 1962 concerning a sighting which occurred on or about 21 September 1962. Though no firm evaluation can be made due to the absence of exact date, the description of the sighting indicates the object was probably a satellite. The wavering motion is attributed to atmospheric conditions.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
ERIC R. de JONCKHERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

2 Atch
1. Ltr fm [redacted] 3 May 63
2. Ltr fm [redacted] 14 Feb 62 (cy only)


- page 3 -

June 4, 1963

Mr. Mr.

Though no firm evaluation can be made due to the absence of the exact date of your sighting, your description indicates that the object was probably a satellite. The wavering motion is attributed to atmospheric conditions.

Your interest in Air Force matters is appreciated.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM J. LOCKADOO
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr.
Fox Hill Road
Cato, New York


- page 4 -

Project Blue Book Information Office
UFOB's Headquarters, USAF
3rd Floor, Pentagon, Room 4C-116
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Sir:

During the early summer of 1962, when I had just begun the exercise of being situated in a strange and new atmosphere, I was watching the sky one evening after the sun had gone down in light twilight.

It was of the fifth or sixth and appeared to be moving slow, not being the dominant view. It seemed to be in a slight position, you about 5 or 10 degrees above the horizon, glowing. Then suddenly it started to flicker. After about three minutes it began to move. I would appreciate it very much if you would write this phenomenon. I was attempted to explain the but I cannot find a good explanation for this phenomenon.

Yours truly,

[Note: Some words are slightly illegible or partially obscured, so the transcription is as accurate as possible based on what can be clearly read.]


- page 5 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed.

Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day: Sept.     Month: 1962     Year

2. Time of day: 6:15 (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One)
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One)
a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: Cato, New York
City or Town: Cato     State or County: Cayuga

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 4-8 Hours/Minutes/Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes     No X

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                 NIGHT
a. Bright                           a. Bright
b. Cloudy                           b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)
a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text partially illegible, appears to read something like "The object was y 4/5 or 5/6 magnitude star"]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, the object started to move towards the horizon.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Electric
b. Color - Blue, object appeared to be changing color and moved downward

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Size would appear about several times several

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially anything that will show the direction the object was moving.
No wings, no
Protrusion


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Roughly within the atmosphere.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _______________

22. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country, rural?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _______________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at this time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North            c. East             e. South            g. West
b. Northeast        d. Southeast        f. Southwest        h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop or any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes    No
b. Sun glasses      Yes    No
c. Windshield       Yes    No
d. Window glass     Yes    No

e. Binoculars       Yes    No
f. Telescope        Yes    No
g. Theodolite       Yes    No
h. Other ______________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The last question appears to have a partially written response, but it is not fully legible.]


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at this point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object, and a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The page is numbered "Page 5" in the top right corner.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
For Hill Road
Cato, New York

For Hill Road
Cato, New York

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Cato, New York

TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]   AGE 41   SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I am spiritually interested in science and am particularly interested in astronomy, physics and reality. I have never had any special experience in the sightings of UFO. I also like to think and read any information on our life in the universe.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Date section is blank]


- page 11 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 31 February 1962

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

(The rest of the page is blank)

Note: The date "31 February 1962" is not a valid date, as February only has 28 or 29 days.


- page 12 -

