PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
2 October 1962

2. LOCATION
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local: 03/0030Z

4. SOURCE
Civilian

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
55 seconds

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
White obj sighted in SE disappearing in NE after 55 seconds. Appeared as a light like a bright star. Gave indications of being solid. Dimmed with distance. Maneuvered.

7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

8. COURSE
NR

11. COMMENTS
Probable a/c sighting. Speed & performance consistent with this analysis.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
■ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other:
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
■ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
TO MY FATHER
                 15 62
Day     Month     Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Addresses are blacked out]
ST PAULS PA
ST PAULS PA

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[No text in this section]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
A. FLYING SAUCER


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filled and coded as accurately as possible, please use
the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-
peat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments,
statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observa-
tion in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached
if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: 10/21/62

(Do Not Write in This Space)
CODE:


- page 3 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [No response]

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ABOUT 1/2 MI

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: PHILADELPHIA 15 PA
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
Age 15   Sex M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
I AM IN 10TH GRADE AT THE GEORGE WASHINGTON HIGH SCHOOL AND HAVE A GREAT INTEREST IN SCIENCE

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 21 OCTOBER 1962


- page 4 -

To whom it may concern:

Tonight at about 8:30, four others and myself saw a bright light in the sky. At first we thought it was a plane but when we saw its speed we ruled that out. Next we thought of a shooting star but ruled it out also because it made a curve to the left. Our next thought was an UFO. It was on a course the same as a plane from the North East Post in Philadelphia Pa. The UFO moved upwards quickly then went at very high speed. In about 5 seconds it had disappeared. This is exactly as I saw it. Please tell me what it was and where it went. I will hopefully await an answer.

Thank You


- page 5 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TD-2/Col. Wynn                                                18 October 1962
UFO Sighting

Dear Mr.

We request further information concerning your sighting of October 1962. Enclosed are five forms (AF Form 164). One is to be completed by you, the others, by the additional witnesses. Please return these completed forms to us in the self-addressed, envelopes provided.

Sincerely,

[Signature]
EDWARD H. WYNN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

Atch:
AF Form 164


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
   Day: THURS   Month: OCTOBER   Year: 1962

2. Time of day: 8:30 (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One)
   a. Eastern
   b. Central
   c. Mountain
   d. Pacific
   e. Other

   (Circle One) a. Daylight Saving
              b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
   [Location details are redacted/blacked out]
   City or Town: PHILA   State or Country: PENNA

5. How long was object in sight?
   Hours: [blank]   Minutes: [blank]   Seconds: 55

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   DAY:
   a. Bright
   b. Cloudy

   NIGHT:
   a. Bright
   b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One):
   a. In front of you
   b. In back of you
   c. To your right
   d. To your left
   e. Overhead
   f. Don't remember

FTD FORM JUL 61 164   This form supersedes ATIC 164, Feb 60, which is obsolete.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
    a. None
    b. A few
    c. Many
    d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. Bright moonlight
    b. Dull moonlight
    c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One):
    a. As a light    b. Shiny    c. Dark    d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? Yes

11. Did the object:
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
    c. Break-up into parts or explode?
    d. Give off smoke?
    e. Change brightness?
    f. Change shape?
    g. Flash or flicker?
    h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):
    a. Solid    b. Transparent    c. Vapor    d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No
    b. Sun glasses    Yes    No
    c. Windshield    Yes    No
    d. Window glass    Yes    No

    e. Binoculars    Yes    No
    f. Telescope    Yes    No
    g. Theodolite    Yes    No
    h. Other: NAKED EYE


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound     NO
    b. Color     WHITE

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction, the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an oval/elliptical object with an arrow indicating direction of movement]

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
                b. Like a bright line
                c. Sharply outlined
                d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[The bottom section of this question is blank]

Page 3 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 9 -

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
Much larger than Airplane Venus we do day

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
ABOUT 1/3 THE SIZES

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
IT'S EIGHT GOT DIMMER
AND THEN DISAPPEARED IN ABOUT 3 SEC.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Note: The page is labeled as "Page 4" in the top right corner]


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
[Circle One]
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text, partially illegible: "I was looking at the planet Venus when something bright started to move. I followed it until it disappeared."]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 12 -

