PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 21 September 1962

2. LOCATION: Newark, New Jersey

3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 22/0400Z GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual (checked)

5. PHOTOS: No

6. SOURCE: Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 hour 30 min period

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: multi

9. COURSE: varied

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Multiple reports from Northern New Jersey of objects with varied colors and movement.

11. COMMENTS: Strong thermal inversion in area at 5000-8000 foot level. Various lights reflected fm this inversion (aircraft and ground lights) considered as the cause of those reports.

12. CONCLUSIONS:
- Probably Balloon
- Probably Astronomical
- Insufficient Data for Evaluation
- Other: Thermal Inversion (checked)

(Bottom of form notes ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 53))


- page 1 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No   Unk.

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No   Unk.

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [blank]

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS Herald Tribune   Newark   N.J.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
Age Unk.   Sex M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent:
Reporter for Newark Office of NY Herald Tribune.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 22 Sept 63
Day   Month   Year


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME (Please Print):
SIGNATURE:
DATE:

[Handwritten text, partially obscured/blacked out]:
N.Y. Herald Tribune called to ask re some kind of a UFO in N.Y. & N.J. Indicated he had contacted 1st Bgm. A.F.B. and the military "would look into it" in the morning. He then called Pentagon, who suggested he contact PTO. We had no report from this area. Then saw at least 4 objects in wide area. A red light on top which illuminated a top-like shaped object. Else reported as low, blue-white, very bright. I spoke to most crews of Northern N.J. to the north ("Clinton"). Then from area N.J. (Somerville, Clifton, 25 miles) reported Plainfield. Had 4 miles known and some...


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Peo 10

His station here... the Hobsonwork Palace
C Cavil's 0-1 Hubbard 7-12-50) reported to Barnsley
"I did ask, when, when if normal facilities, while
- strangers to each other, in point of objects for drink
1 1/2 turns around and light alone would alternated
in top-tent shaped body beneath 1

This above data subject to HcGuire OD, Lt
Brudley, 4 CG, 7/sgt Cummings. Passed along
the urgent request that McGuire at least interview
the police by phone LAW AFR 30-2, get info on
same ASAP. #


- page 4 -

Case 611 21 62

Dear Sirs,

I am very interested in unknown flying objects. I would appreciate some information from your files. Subject and my purpose of them.

I saw two L.F.O's on Sept. 21, 1962 at was noted. First and nagling at 300 am, my. This second craft was definitely wider.

[Signature appears to be partially obscured]

Cr: 21 Ser Case 22602 associated with Hawthorne, NJ
Case 200-Ser or Newark, NJ Case 21 Ser, 1962


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TD-X2

SUBJECT: Extract from Duty Officer's Report                     24 Sep 62

TO:    TD-5 (Col Friend)

The following, extracted from Maj Greene's OD Report dated 21 Sep 62,
is forwarded for your information:

2100 hours, UFO sighting message phoned to Col Friend. He will
take action Monday. Will keep him advised.

2135 hours, Telecon - UFO sighting from Sidney, Ohio. Forms 164
filled out from telephone interview.

2345 hours, Telecon from Newark, N.J. Office of the Herald - Tribune
reporting numerous sightings of UFO in North N.J.

2350 hours, Initiated telecon to McCuire to investigate UFO.

0110 hours, Called OD at McGuire. Passed thru TSgt Groninger (OD)
for McCuire to contact Emerson N.J. Police and Hackensack N.J.
Police to get eye-witness reports, then file proper reports IAW
AFR 200-2. The N.Y. Herald-Tribune had a partial story on the
sightings, so

0120 hours, Lt Bradley, OD at McGuire called. He will contact NY H/T
and police departments. He was told the press could give an AP
adverse publicity if there was no action.

0205 hours, Lt Bradley phoned - no aircraft activity from McGuire
in area. Gave him suggestions for getting info for report.

0300 hours, Lt Bradley phoned in flash report. Strong thermal
inversion in area of sightings at time of sightings. At Hackensack,
a lady reported 3 objects about 150' above river. Motionless for
about 5 minutes, then rose rapidly in a westerly direction. In a
few moments, there were 3 more objects there, for a total of 6.
At this point on river, bridge construction is marked by red and
white lights. Also, the N-S runway at Testarbor is in nearly
direct line with the sighting. Thus, could have been aircraft landing
traffic and/or runway extended and approach lights. The Emerson police
report that 4 teenagers had reported the sightings and police placed
little credence in report. Suggested Bradly call paper in Newark and
inform them we are on the case and will release any news thru PIO.

JOHN C. McHUGH
Major USAF
Administrative Officer


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
22 Sept 62
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 8:20 PM
Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
              b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Newark    New Jersey
Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or Country

Additional remarks: Located from New Jersey Turnpike off exit 14 Newark-Turnpike

5. How long was object in sight? 30
                                Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                    NIGHT
a. Bright              a. Bright
b. Cloudy              b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
              b. In back of you     e. Overhead
              c. To your right      f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 FEB 60 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.


- page 7 -

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):   a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other: ______


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound _______________
b. Color Unusual Blue-grayish light & silvery color

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object that looks like a cylindrical shape with a flat top, similar to a hat or saucer]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ___
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Handwritten note "Unknown" under question 19]

Page 3 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[Handwritten text appears to be partially illegible]

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the head?

[Handwritten response: "Clue"]

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

[Handwritten response: "Clue"]

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten response: "Clue"]


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. Open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.


- page 11 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Handwritten text partially illegible]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
[Handwritten notes: "for each case, 4 people were at"]

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No
[Handwritten notes: "they were with such case, acting strangely"]

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Handwritten text: "to each other, ""]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No [Handwritten: "Unclear"]

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten: "Unclear"]


- page 13 -

