PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: May 1962

2. LOCATION: Millsap, Texas

3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1720
Local: 1720

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION:
☐ Ground-Visual
☐ Air-Visual
SOURCE: Civilian

5. PHOTOS: ☐ Yes
           ☒ No

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5-3 sec

7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1

8. COURSE: 115

9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: 5-3 sec waited round like jet. Color dull white. Appeared in SE disappeared in NW, initial "target" that obj was x-15.

10. COMMENTS: Speed too fast for jet a/c. Believed to be meteor or bolide (in spite of detailed outline given by witness). Occasionally accompanied by meteors.

11. CONCLUSIONS:
☐ Was Balloon
☒ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☒ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Handwritten note appears to be partially illegible]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Blank space]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten response] The first thing I thought if was not a X-15.

Page 7 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 2 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?: approximately 1000 mph

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?: about 1/2 mile

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]

Age: 16     Sex: Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
Graduate of Millsap High School May 24, 1962

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [blank]

Page 3


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repost information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: 11 May 1962

In the evening of May 14, 1962, at approximately 5:35 I waited for a friend's house. I'd look me about 35 minutes to get there. Upon arriving I found that no one was home so I turned around and was heading home as when suddenly I heard a deep roaring sound behind me. I turned back and then looked up and saw what appeared to be a big jet. It was sitting out above in appearance, and it appeared to be a white light. It was only an angle for a pattern of 5-6 seconds. After this it disappeared. I think I saw about it.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

TO: SAFOI

REMARKS:
The attached letter from [redacted] of Millsap, Texas is forwarded as a matter pertaining to your office.

FROM:
H. A. OLSON, 1st Col., USAF
Asst for Inquiries, & Complaints, HQ

DD FORM 95
1 JUN 62
PAGE 1
76864


- page 5 -

May 16, 1962

Department of the Air Force
Hq Strategic Air Command, DC

Dear Sir:

On Friday, May 11, 1962 at around 5:30 p.m. CST I saw some type of object which I believe to be a UFO. It was flying that might have been talking to my neighbor about it, they said they thought it was a different type of plane. When the 15- I shall try to describe contact. I saw it. It was a big silver object. The best I can see that it had a solid shape. The side was so smooth and pointed. They most likely were a satellite or something. The right wing and side were rather narrow. I shall write clear. I could see no plane. I was wondering if you could help clear this up. I am just plain curious.


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
11    May    62
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day:
5    30
Hour    Minutes

(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted address]    Texas
City or Town    State or Country

Additional remarks:

5. How long was object in sight?    Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright            a. Bright
b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
b. In back of you    e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FTD JUL 61 164    This form supersedes ATIC 104, Feb 60, which is obsolete.


- page 7 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [handwritten text, illegible]

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: [blank]

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):   a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other        Yes   No


- page 8 -

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound it sounded a loud like a jet
b. Color it appeared to be dull white

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an elongated object with labels "Back", "Small length", "Front", and an arrow indicating direction]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
             b. Like a bright star
             c. Sharply outlined
             d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

[The bottom section is blank with no drawing]

Page 3 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
    Tele photo place pole placed length ways

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
    about 1/4

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
    YES, IT WENT OUT OF MY RANGE OF VISION

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
    Tele photo pole placed length ways


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

I was waiting home from a friend
house when I noticed something down
near c.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                                                     e. South
b. Northeast                                                f. Southwest
c. East                                                      g. West
d. Southeast                                               h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North                                                     e. South
b. Northeast                                                f. Southwest
c. East                                                      g. West
d. Southeast                                               h. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North                                                     e. South
b. Northeast                                                f. Southwest
c. East                                                      g. West
d. Southeast                                               h. Northwest
                                                              i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ____15____ degrees.
b. From horizon ____25____ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ____15____ degrees.
b. From horizon ____25____ degrees.


- page 11 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 12 -

