The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text extracted from the document:

DATE: 30 Jul 52
DATE-TIME GROUP: 1102
GMT: E Yes
PHOTOS: N
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1.5
BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: While returning from Westville, Indiana to LaPorte, Indiana at approximately 10:00 PM, a bright silvery object was observed in the south western sky. The object appeared very large, and moved rapidly. It was visible for approximately 1 minute and 30 seconds. The object was estimated to be at an altitude of 1,000 feet and was moving at a high rate of speed, estimated to be approximately 1,000 miles per hour. The object appeared to be emitting some type of bright light. It disappeared suddenly into the distant sky. Observation was made visually.
COMMENTS: Possibly an aircraft of some kind. However, the observed speed and size of the object would be far in excess of normal aircraft performance. The speed and size of the object may be impossible or difficult to determine accurately from ground observation. The object was not observed on radar or by air intercept radar.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains two sketches or illustrations. The first sketch shows a curved object in the sky above the horizon, and the second sketch shows a person standing on a road with buildings and trees in the background.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place on "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the sketch.

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions and spaces for handwritten responses.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy 
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day August 19
Month Year 1962

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) YES No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) YES No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) YES No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other objects?
Object like this was seen on other occasions in the sky moving around at a high rate of speed on different occasions. We felt the
object was visiting our area frequently.

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
The object appeared to be some type of craft maneuvering in the sky at a high rate of speed. We have sighted these types of objects
on other occasions and feel they might be visiting our area on a regular basis but we are not sure as to their origin or purpose.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, featuring a form with various questions and fields for the witness to fill out.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Approximately 30 miles

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted] [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted] Hammond, Ind.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 43
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be relevant: 

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 31 August

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The image is a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data) with a handwritten description on the bottom.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, the following space is write our a short description of the event that you observed. Past information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the sighting in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be added.

NAME: [REDACTED]
SIGNATURE: [REDACTED] 
DATE: 6-27-62

The handwritten text on the bottom of the sheet states:
"On the night of July 30 1960 was looking towards the southeast sky over [REDACTED]. I saw a bright blue light hover for several seconds and then shoot at a high rate of speed to the left over the horizon. The light shone very brightly and traveled very fast. I think the light was about 10 degrees above the horizon and approximately 30 degrees from due south."

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a photographic negative or a scan of a photographic negative. It shows a grid-like pattern with small dots or dashes throughout the image. There does not appear to be any distinct photographic subject or object visible in this image.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORT
(Evaluation of Westville, Indiana incident)

Westville, Indiana
Date: 8 July 1962
Case Number: 8685488
Submitted By: Project Blue Book

Summary: Investigation of reported sighting of unidentified flying object over Westville, Indiana on 8 July 1962. Witness reported observing a hovering object with multiple lights. Object was reportedly observed for approximately 10 minutes before departing at a high rate of speed.

Analysis: Based on the investigation, the reported object could not be positively identified. No physical evidence or photographs were obtained. The sighting remains classified as "Unidentified".

Recommendation: No further action recommended. Case file closed.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten letter with text discussing some kind of camp or encounter.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

20 July 
76 m 64
Dear Sirs; 
While I was at camp with my Boy Scout troop I saw an unusual light in the sky. I saw the object at about 8:15 p.m. which is located about 1 1/2 miles in a westerly direction from our camp. The object remained stationary for a period of approximately 10 to 15 minutes. It then began to slowly move in a northerly direction. As it moved north, it began to lose its brilliance and soon disappeared from sight. The object was brilliantly lit and appeared to be oval in shape. I was never able to get a clear view of the details because the sky was partly cloudy and the object was rather high in the sky. This sighting was made on July 18, 1962 at approximately 8:15 p.m. in the vicinity of Westville, Indiana.

Sincerely yours,
Hammond, Ind.
Aug.21, 1962

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten page from an old document, possibly related to a UFO report.

my name was not learned this shall
under all circumstances.

Delwin Treble

P.S. Please answer

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. Instead, it appears to be a handwritten document.

Dear Mr.
I appreciate together those
letters that we were shown
being considered as facts. 

George R. Hall
7/23/62

- page 9 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which contains a questionnaire to be filled out regarding an unidentified aerial phenomenon sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name and address will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you further details.

1. When did you see the object? 20 July 1962
2. Time of day: (Circle One) A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): b. Central
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 
Near Postal Address: Westville, Indiana
Additional remarks:
5. How long was object in sight? Hours 1 Minutes 5 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: Bright b. NIGHT: Bright
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object: (Circle One) a. In front of you

This concludes the transcription of the text shown in the image.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or survey about a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight — pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? A IT SEEMED LIKE THE SUN LIGHT REFLECTED OFF IT

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes No
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No
d. Give off smoke or flame? Yes No
e. Change shape? Yes No
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No

12. Did the object move behind something or at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): It moved behind. Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): In front of: Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound 22 ered
b. Color el red, pure white 

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails if any. Please try to draw what you saw even if the drawing is not very good.
The drawing shows an oval shape with a bright light or object in the center. The witness describes it as being "bright but it didn't seem as though it had drawn" and compared it to a "light bulb".

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.
No additional objects are depicted in the drawing.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page contains a series of questions and text responses, but no visual image.

Transcription of the text in the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" on the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

A seemed to be a rapid movement straight across my sight, no changes in direction.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have performed this test, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

About 1/3 the length of the match stick compared to the object

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

Seemed to just disappear suddenly without a trace.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance.

Because of its rapidity it seemed to be a missile or similar fast moving device. It was hard to tell for sure that color or size just that it came across the sight in a very rapid motion.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

I shall now act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of
b. In the residential section
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was watching, back to the west, about five feet from the house trying to locate a ship.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One):
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? - miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop or slow any while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One):
Yes
No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One):
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One):
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon

31.1 When it first appeared: - degrees.
a. From true North. - degrees.
b. From horizon. - degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North. - degrees.
b. From horizon. - degrees.

- page 14 -

