PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
20 March 60

2. LOCATION
New York City, N. Y.

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1755

GMT 10/22/60

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☐ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
3

9. COURSE
SE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
3 objs in formation. Sighted by 2 civilians. Approx 50°. Speed 600 MPH. Altitude 10,000.

11. COMMENTS
Objs viewed at twilight. Altitude indicates others believed them to be at extreme heights. Obj with 50° length at 200,000' would be difficult to see. No satisfactory conflicting with a/c observation. Speed duration and maneuver indicates probable misinterpretation of data.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation


- page 1 -

37. Was this the first time you had seen or sighted an object?
    If you answered me, then when, and under what circumstances did you see this one?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was not what might have come into it? I think it could have been something from another world. Some intelligence that to be controlling it because of its maneuvers.

39. Do you think you could estimate the speed of the object?
    Yes                 600 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you could estimate the distance I was away from you?
    Yes                 100,000 feet

41. Please give the following information about yourself?
    Name [redacted]
    Address [redacted]
    Telephone No. [redacted]
    What is your present job? [blank]

[Bottom of form appears to have some additional notes/signatures, but text is partially illegible]


- page 2 -

511 East 73 St.
N.Y. 21, N.Y.
March 10, 1962

Dept. of the Air Force
Office of the Secretary
Washington, D.C.

Dear Miss Wise,

Enclosed is letter concern-
ing 3 U.F.O.'s that I have
sighted and I wish to tell
you that I am telling the truth.
I hope this information will
prove helpful. Thank you.

Yours truly,
Ronald V. Palumbo

P.S. If you can use this data
or any other information
please let me know.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
22 March 1962

2. LOCATION
New York City, N. Y.

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
□ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. PHOTOS
□ Yes
□ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 mins

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
9 yr old boy observed smoke in sky. Followed smoke and saw obj. move in a zigzag on each end. Estimated obj. speed of 200 mi. Total Observation time 5 min. Distance believed to be a mile away.

11. COMMENTS
Only report for this day in NYC. In view of location and youth of witness and in consideration of report, obj was probably a high flying a/c with condensation mist/cloud.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

(ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52))


- page 4 -

March 24, 1962

Dear Gentlemen,

On March 22 12:35 PM I saw what some more but child wasn't clear. It was smoking, it was very thick. I couldn't make it fly any angle or so. I know my friend and I looked at the smoke and saw where it ended. It looked like it could or rather my friend could forget about the smoke. Around 5:00 PM saw fire engine going to the spot where the smoke ends. I hope you will find out what caused the smoke.

Yours truly,

P.S. Saw the smoke in my school yard on Bronx Blvd. in the Bronx.


- page 5 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[Top of page, partially illegible]
March 8, 1962

Continued

[Body text is partially legible, but most of the text is too blurry or faint to read with complete certainty. Some words and fragments are visible, but not enough to reconstruct the full text.]

[Bottom of page]
Clarence [last name blacked out]


- page 6 -

April 3, 1962
Bronx, N.Y.

Dear Lt. Col. Friend,

I sent a questionnaire to you but I left out question 36.2. Here is the answer.

Lt.

Your friend


- page 7 -

8/6/62

Dear Lt. Cole, Friend:

Why didn't I receive an answer from the papers I sent you. I expected an answer. If you could send me an answer-tell me my truly

[The rest of the signature is redacted with a black line]


- page 8 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

14 August 1962

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:  3D/Lt Col Friend
SUBJECT:UFO Sighting

TOTAL USAF
CARL-3D (Major Hart)
Wash 25 DC

The following information is provided to assist you in replying to the attached letter from:

1. On March 23 we received a letter from stating
that he had observed an unidentified flying object over the Bronx,
New York. The object was oval in shape and had white and white flashing
behind. It was observed for five minutes, yet the speed was described
as very fast.

2. On March 24 we received a letter from who observed
several the same phenomena from Bronx, New York, while eating lunch. His
information was essentially the same except that the duration was twenty
minutes and all fifteen seconds. (He did not state how this was determined.) He only observed the smoke and not the object. About five hours later he observed fire
engines going toward the spot where the smoke ended.

3. This case was evaluated as an aircraft sighting with contrail.
With the great amount of air traffic in the New York area and the delay
in receiving the complete information, it is not possible to determine
which specific aircraft has caused the contrail. However, the duration
of the sighting is evaluated "within the speed of both conventional and
jet aircraft for the distance covered by the object." The description
by both witnesses confirmed this analysis.

4. There is no association between the sighting and the appear-
ance of the fire engine five hours later. Had an aircraft crashed, a
fire raising equipment would certainly have been dispatched from a
nearby location and much sooner than within five hours after the
occurrence. Also a train of this nature would undoubtedly have attracted
wide publicity.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
RICHARD J. SMITH, Lt Col
Deputy for Intelligence
and Components


- page 9 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TD-2/Lt Col Friend
UFO Sighting

HQ USAF
SAFOI-3 (Major Hart)
Wash 25 DC

14 August 1962

The following information is provided to assist you in replying to the attached letter from

1. On March 23 we received a letter from stating that he had observed an unidentified flying object over the Bronx, New York. The object was oval and had white smoke trailing behind. It was observed for five minutes, yet the speed was described as very fast.

2. On March 24 we received a letter from who observed the same phenomena from his neighborhood while eating lunch. His information was essentially the same except that the duration was twenty minutes and fifteen seconds. (He did not state how this was determined.) He only observed the smoke and not the object. About five hours later he observed fire "engine going toward the spot where the smoke ended.

3. This case was evaluated as an aircraft sighting with control. With the great amount of air traffic in the New York area and the delay in receiving the complete information, it is not possible to determine which specific aircraft had caused the contrail. However, the duration of the sighting was evaluated within the speed of both conventional and jet aircraft for the distance covered by the object. The description by both witnesses conforms to this analysis.

4. There is no association between the sighting and the appearance of the fire engines five hours later. Had an aircraft crashed, fire fighting equipment would certainly have been dispatched from a nearby location and much sooner than within five hours after the occurrence. A case of this nature would undoubtedly have attracted wide publicity.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
EDWARD B. YORK
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

3 Atchs
1. Ltr fm 8/6/62
2. Ltr fm 3/23/62
3. Ltr fm 3/24/62


- page 10 -

August 31, 1962

Dear [redacted]

I regret the delay in answering your letter of March 24th.

The sighting your witnessed was evaluated as being an aircraft with contrails. With the great amount of air traffic in the New York area and the delay in receiving the complete information, it is not possible to determine the specific aircraft which caused the contrail, or both conventional and jet aircraft for the distance covered by the object.

There is no association between the sighting and the appearance of fire engines. Also a crash of this nature would undoubtedly have attracted wide publicity.

Your interest is appreciated.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM J. LOCKADOO
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information


- page 11 -

N.Y. 21, N.Y.
March 16, 1962

Dept. of the Air Force
Office of the Secretary
Washington, D.C.

Dear Miss Elaine!

Enclosed is data concern-
ing 3 U.F.O's that I have
sighted and I wish to tell
you that I am telling the truth.
I hope this information will
prove helpful. Thank you.

Yours truly,

P.S. If you can use this data
or any other information
please let me know.


- page 12 -

22 March

August 31, 1962

Dear [redacted]

I regret the delay in answering your letter of March 28d.

The sighting you witnessed was evaluated as being an aircraft with contrast. With the great amount of air traffic in the New York area and the delay in receiving the complete information, it is not possible to determine which specific aircraft caused the contrast. However, the duration of the sighting is evaluated within the speed of both conventional and jet aircraft for the distance covered by the object.

Your interest is appreciated.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM J. LOCKADOO
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Bronx 59, New York


- page 13 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
29    March    1962

2. Time of day: 12    15
                Hour    Minutes    (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One):
a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. [Partially obscured/blacked out text for location details]

5. How long was object in sight?    5    Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                    NIGHT
a. Bright              a. Bright
b. Cloudy              b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
              b. In back of you
              c. To your right

              d. To your left
              e. Overhead
              f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD JUL 61 164    This form supersedes ATIC 164, Feb 60, which is obsolete.


- page 14 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:                                   (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?                 Yes   No   Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?       Yes   No   Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode?                    Yes   No   Don't Know
d. Give off smoke?                                    Yes   No   Don't Know
e. Change brightness?                                 Yes   No   Don't Know
f. Change shape?                                      Yes   No   Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker?                                  Yes   No   Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear?                            Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: ________________

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of: ________________

14. Did the object appear:  (Circle One):  a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses         Yes   No         e. Binoculars       Yes   No
b. Sun glasses        Yes   No         f. Telescope        Yes   No
c. Windshield         Yes   No         g. Theodolite       Yes   No
d. Window glass       Yes   No         h. Other            Yes   No


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound
    b. Color

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One:) a. Fuzzy or blurred
                b. Like a bright star
                c. Sharply outlined
                d. Don't remember
                e. Other

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[Handwritten response appears to be partially illegible]

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[Handwritten response appears to be partially illegible]

Page 4 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 17 -

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Text appears to be handwritten but is illegible]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true north (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

Page 5 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on this curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6


- page 19 -

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Some handwritten text partially visible but mostly illegible]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Blank]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Blank]

Page 7 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 20 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of this object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [partially illegible text]

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1 mile

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
Age 11   Sex Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [partially illegible date]

Page 6 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 21 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-post information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

1. When did you see the object?
10                March                 1962
    Day             Month                Year

2. Time of day:    5                   5.6              A.M.
                   Hour               Minutes

3. Time zone:
    a. Eastern
    b. Central
    c. Mountain
    d. Pacific
    e. Other

    a. Daylight saving
    b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
    Nearest Postal address        City or Town        State or County
    Additional Remarks: I was down my own block
    on 73 st.

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:    10                 seconds
                                            Hours   Minutes    Seconds

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    a. Bright daylight
    b. Fairly bright
    c. Bright twilight
    d. No trace of daylight
    e. Do trace of daylight
    f. Don't remember

    c. Not very sure
    d. Just guess


- page 23 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Partially filled in date, but not fully legible]

2. Time of day: [Blank]
Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One):
a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: Bronx N.Y.
City or Town: New York State
State or Country: New York State

Additional remarks: [Blank]

5. How long was object in sight?
Hours: [Blank]    Minutes: 20    Seconds: [Blank]

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                    NIGHT
a. Bright              a. Bright
b. Cloudy              b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):
a. In front of you     d. To your left
b. In back of you      e. Overhead
c. To your right       f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD JUL 61 164    This form supersedes ATIC 164, Feb 60, which is obsolete.


- page 24 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)
Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)
Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other: (written text is partially illegible)


- page 25 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound
b. Color

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Dear Sir,
I did not see the object. I just saw the exhaust made from the object.
New York City

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other: like exhaust was
just a thin white streak in
the sky. Didn't see the
object itself yet

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 26 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end point and show any changes in direction during the course.
[Handwritten text appears to be a sketch of a path with an "A" and "B" marked]

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
3 TIMES 25 BIG 25 + JET FIGHTER

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
I don't know.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
no

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[No text written in this section]


- page 27 -

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text, partially illegible: "Me and my friend were walking to the school yard. I happened to look up and saw it."]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest        g. West
                                          h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes         No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest        g. West
                                          h. Northwest        i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest        g. West
                                          h. Northwest        i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North____________degrees.
b. From horizon____________degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North____________degrees.
b. From horizon____________degrees.

Page 5 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 28 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place on "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place on "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 29 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day         Month         Year         My Siecel.

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted/blacked out]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Blank space]

Page 7 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 30 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [No response]

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [No response]

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: New York 59 N.Y.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
Age 11   Sex Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent:
I go to P.S. 75, Bx. I am in the fifth grade. I am in class [Redacted] Room.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 31 Mar 1962


- page 31 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: March 31, 1962

I had just finished eating my lunch. I came in the schoolyard and saw it.


- page 32 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   11 March 1962
                                                                       Dawson, Iowa

A routine saucer sighting from Dawson, Iowa, dated March 11th, has one unusual feature: a large yellow call of fire, covered in the sky for about a half hour, and was seen by one observer to have a clock, which shows a case of a clock, with black hands pointing to twenty minutes to nine. The numbers on the clock were all completely visible.


- page 33 -

7. If you saw the object during daylight, might, or
of time, when was this seen located as you looked
out the object?

a. Can describe
b. To your right
c. To your right

8. If you saw the object at night, twilight, or from
a hill or place where you could see stars & moon?

a. Home
b. View
c. Time
d. Confirmation

a. Bright moonlight
b. Could morning
c. Daylight
d. Faint remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the night?

a. 20 b. No c. Faint remember

10. If it was brighter than the sky background, was
no brightness like that of an automobile headlight?

a. Could or cannot away d. Several yards away
b. Headlight c. Other -----

11. Did the object:

a. Seem to stand still at any time? Yes No Faint Know
b. Moving with or against wind? Yes No Faint Know
c. Seem to side right or explainable? Yes No Faint Know
d. Have any lights? Yes No Faint Know
e. Seem to move? Yes No Faint Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Faint Know
g. Flicker, blink or pulsate? Yes No Faint Know

12. Did the object move toward something at any time
particularly a cloud?

Yes No Faint Know

13. If you answered yes, what did it move behind -----


- page 34 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: FLYING SAUCER REVIEW, JUL, AUG, 62                17 MAR 62
                                                           WANTISOOL, ENGLAND

Bristol Saucer

Mr. W. J. P. Cox of 45 Fern
broke Road, Bristol, S. states that
on March 11, when his wife was in
the company of a witness, Miss
Wiseman, she was standing at
her front door looking up at the
house when saw a shiny metallic
object about 50 feet above the tops of the houses on
the opposite side of Ferndale
Road. The time was 3:25 p.m.

The next witness and friend,
Miss Wiseman, was also present
well. The object, which was stationary, moved to be end on to
the observer, presenting its face
to them like a full moon. It would
be about 19 to 20 feet in diameter. Occasionally it gave
a tilt. It remained in this position for five minutes and suddenly
vanished. It was quite near
stated to be about 150 feet
away from the observer. It was
pale amber in colour and gave off
some kind of reflection.

The other witness, Miss Webber of 2 Kings Road, Bridlington,
Bristol, described the incident
as follows: "I was looking out
over Ferndale Road. I was near
the Road. It was about 2
feet across and at a fair distance.
It was stationary, hanging, full
moon towards me. I watched for a
moment and then it seemed to
be turned. I noticed later that
the window of one of the sitting rooms on
the ground floor had after about
five minutes of the object's appearance


- page 35 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)                                   18 Mar 62
                                                                       SANAE Base, Antarctic

Other UAO Sightings
In Antarctica

A report sent from the SANAE base, from the South African Antarctic National Expedition, and printed in the bulletin "Antarctic", published by the New Zealand Antarctic Society, informed that at 20:07 hours GMT on March 18, 1962, a very bright luminous object had been sighted northeast of that station—which is located on the Antarctic coast latitude 70 degrees. The object moved from east to north at small elevation over the horizon, remaining in sight for only 10 seconds.

In the same number of the publication listed above there is the report of another observation made at Hallett base (on a different date). That base is a post controlled by USA and New Zealand and located on the Antarctic coast exactly on the opposite side of the SANAE base (through the South Pole).

According to a radiogram signed by Cloud Parker, an expedition member, the object appeared over the region on July 7, 1962, at 11:10 GMT, crossing in 3 to 4 minutes the horizon in a south-north direction. That object showed three different parts sharply separated, one of which, exposure, showed a luminous trail crossing the whole sky. According to Dr. M. Gadsen, a scientist who was at Hallett base, the nature of the object could not be established because it was not a meteor and there was no information on the fall of a satellite on that region.


- page 36 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)                                                10 Mar 62
                                                                                    SANAE Base, Antarctic

THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN

them much more luminous that the two
others. A kind of "gray shape" could
be seen around the three bright parts,
which the observers interpreted to be a
possible condensation trail".

When the object was north of the
base it emitted a sudden flash of light
without any change of orbit or shape.
No sound was heard. The report also
states that the object appeared to be well
inside the atmosphere and certainly be-
low the level of the austral aurora.

The most important fact of the Hal-
lett Base observation was that the ob-
ject's passage was registered by a spe-
cial photographic instrument called "all
sky" photographic camera used for polar
auroral. This instrument has a semi-
spherical mirror which makes possible
photographs of the whole sky at fre-
quent intervals.

According to information released by
the New Zealand Scientific and Indus-
trial Research Department, the colour
photos obtained confirmed the visual ob-
servation of the UAO. One of the photos
of long exposure, showed a luminous
trail crossing the whole sky. According
to Dr. M. Gaden, a scientist who was
at Hallett base, the observation was
could not be established because it was
not a periodic and there was no informa-
tion on the fall of a satellite in that re-
gion on that occasion.


- page 37 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: FLYING SAUCER REVIEW, JUL, AUG 62                   30 Mar 62
                                                             South Hampton, England

More objects over
Southampton

On March 31, the Southern
Daily Echo carried the following
report: - Two Southampton
traders are three unidentified
objects over the town last night.
They are John and Eric Hagen,
of Millbrook Road, West End,
Southampton, who saw the objects, moving at terrific speed
from the Portsmouth area to a
point over Southampton.

At 9.20 p.m. the objects first at
close to 5.0 p.m. and they were
seen again. The operation took
some five minutes and there were
two of about three minutes between each flight, and Eric
Hagen said that at one point
when one of the objects re-appeared overhead while the other
two maintained height on the
ground covered 10.5 p.m.

The two operational objects
were 1.5 number by observers
and were travelling at terrific
speed - interval of two minutes at
another. These disappeared at 11.17
p.m. but the other one remained
overhead for some while before
disappearing. The observers were
the last time.

Credit to Mr. Fred Kelly, who
submitted this report.


- page 38 -

11 March 1962
Dawson, Iowa

No Case (Information Only)

A routine saucer sighting from Dawson, Iowa, dated March 11th, has one unusual feature. A large yellow ball of fire hovered in the sky for about a half hour, and was seen by one observer to have on it the face of a clock, with black hands pointing to twenty minutes to nine. The numbers on the clock were all completely visible.


- page 39 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: FLYING SAUCER REVIEW, JUL, AUG, 62                17 Mar 62
                                                            BRISTOL, ENGLAND

Bristol saucer

Mrs W I F Cox of 45 Penshurst Road, Bristol 5, states that on March 17, when the weather was wet and windy, the company of a witness, Miss Weishman, she was looking to the east when first she looked sharply defined circular object about 90 feet above the tops of the houses on the opposite side of the road at 6.35 p.m. The time was and fairly near the evening stars were prominent. The object, which was stationary, seemed to be floating. In fact the observers, for some time, it would seem to have been 40 to 50 feet in diameter. Occasionally it gave a tilt. It remained still and suddenly four or five minutes and suddenly rotated at about 100 feet and appeared to be about 150 feet away from the observers and was pale amber in colour and gave off a vapour from part of its circumference.

The other witness, Miss Weishman of 5 Kings Road, Bristol 5, stated: "I saw a round object about midway over the roof level in front of the house opposite to me. Briefly, it was stationary, hanging full face towards us. I watched for a moment and then took leave of my friend. I started later that evening to go home and while doing so I noticed it was still sitting from the ground about five minutes" it had disappeared suddenly.


- page 40 -

NO. CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)                                                   18 Mar 62
                                                                                        SANAE Base, Antarctic

Other UAO Sightings
In Antarctica

A report sent from the SANAE base, from the South African Antarctic National Expedition, and printed in the bulletin "Antarctic," published by the New Zealand Antarctic Society, informed that at 20:07 hours GMT on March 16, 1962, a very bright luminous object had been sighted northeast of that station—which is located on the Antarctic coast latitude 70 degrees. The object moved from east to north at a small elevation over the horizon, remaining in sight for only 10 seconds.

In the same number of the publication listed above there is the report of another observation made at Hallett base (on a different date). That base is a post controlled by USA and New Zealand and located on the Antarctic coast exactly on the opposite side of the SANAE base (through the South Pole).

According to a radiogram signed by Cloud Taylor, base commander, an object appeared over the region on July 7, 1962, at 11:10 GMT, crossing in 3 to 4 minutes the horizon in a south-north direction. That object showed three different parts sharply separated, one of long exposure, showed a luminous trail crossing the whole sky. According to Dr. M. Gadsen, a stellar photographer at Hallett base, the nature of the object could not be established because it was not a meteor and there was no information on the fall of a satellite in that region on that occasion.


- page 41 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO. CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)                                                   18 Mar 62
                                                                               SANAE Base, Antarctic

THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN

them much more luminous that the two others. A kind of "gray shape" could be seen around the three bright parts, which the observers interpreted to be a "possible condensation trail."

When the object was north of the base it emitted a sudden flash of light without any change of orbit or shape.

No sound was heard. The report also states that the object appeared to be well inside the atmosphere and certainly below the level of the central aurora.

The most important fact of the Hallett Base observation was that the object's passage was registered by a special photographic instrument called "all sky camera," used for the study of polar auroras. This instrument has a semi-spherical mirror which makes possible photographs of the whole sky at frequent intervals.

According to information released by the New Zealand Scientific and Industrial Research Department, the colour photos obtained confirmed the visual observation of the UAO. One of the photos at long exposure showed a luminous trail crossing the whole sky. According to Dr. M. Gadsen, a scientist who was at Hallett base, the nature of the object could not be established because it was not a meteor and there was no information on the fall of a satellite in that region on that occasion.


- page 42 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: FLYING SAUCER REVIEW, JUL, AUG 62

30 Mar 62
South Hampton, England

More objects over
Southampton

On March 31, the Southern
Daily Echo carried the following
report: "Two Southampton
brokers saw three unidentified
objects over the town last night.
They first saw the objects from
Southampton, which are described as having a terrific speed
from the Portsmouth area to a
point over Southampton.

The objects first of
all were seen about 8.30 p.m. and they would
hover, move at tremendous speed, go back again. The operation took
about five minutes and there were
some of about three minutes between each flight, and from
Southampton they were seen when one of the objects remained overhead while the other
two maintained flights on the
original course - and 10.35 p.m.
This was a remarkable report.

The point mentioned by Mr. Peter
Kelly, who first saw the objects
over the Portsmouth area - instead of five minutes, as earlier.
Then disappeared at 11.5
p.m. but the other one remained
overhead for some while before
going away, which would account
for the last time."

(Credit to Mr. Peter Kelly, who
mentioned that he first saw the
objects)


- page 43 -

Did the object move in front of something at my station, was noted as moved in front of one mentioned ago, this

Did not appear in (field) in transient, I find here
Did you observe its color? Thru my or its telescopy?
Brightness yes (220) a Remarkable yes (220)
Luminous yes (220) b Telescopic yes (220)
Visible yes (218) c Metallic yes (220)
Winter white yes (218) d Other

Tell us a few words no moving or slowing near the edges
Sound none
Color Orange - Red

Draw a picture that will show its shape of its object or
object, ruled or include in your sketch any details of the
object with some view of its position, otherwise etc. or especially
in how its direction the object was moving or slowed or the shape
in how its direction the object was moving.

all was
orange and in color } This light speeded up

The edges of the object were:
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharp a bright star
c. Vague outline
d. Cant remember

If there was more than one object there?
From a portion of how they were moving I can
in how its direction they were thinking

the change
formation


- page 44 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show no motion that the object made. Place in "A" and the beginning of the path in "B" at the end of the path.

21. If possible, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its compact dimension.

22. How large did the object or object appear compared with other following things placed in the same scene:
a. Head of a pen f. Nickel g. Idea of its subtended
b. Pen c. Quarters h. Remotely
c. Dime f. Head Dollar j. Completely

23. How colors are you:
a. Certain b. Fairly Certain c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

24. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
[Partially illegible]

25. I want you could build what you saw. If what type of material would you use? How large would it be? I want what type of material would be used in your case under a common object under how place in the sky goes it some effect.

I would build it of glossy metal. It will be about 50 ft. long and would be shaped like two saucers placed with its indentations on the inside. I cannot think of a similar object.


- page 45 -

25. When were you when you saw the object?
1. Daytime
2. Inside a building
3. Outside
4. Outdoors
5. At home
6. Driving
7. Other

26. How long?
1. In the same area?
2. Can continue to see it?
3. Can continue to see?
4. Doing what in daylight?
5. Over a city?
6. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Text is partially illegible]

28. If you were moving in an automobile or other vehicle at the time, please complete the following questions:
1. What direction were you moving? 2. South or West
2. Northeast 3. Continued 4. Northeast
3. How fast were you moving?
4. Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object?
1. North 2. East 3. White 4. West
2. Northeast 3. Continued 4. Northeast 5. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you next saw the object?
1. North 2. East 3. Continued 4. West
2. Northeast 3. Continued 5. Northwest 6. Northeast

31. When it first appeared:
1. From true North ______150_____ degrees
2. From horizon ________________ degrees (continued)
When it disappeared:
1. From true North _____________ degrees
2. From horizon ________________ degrees (continued)


- page 46 -

Here is the text from the document:

Place an "A" on the spot where you first saw the object
of place a "B" on the spot where you last saw the object.

Place an "A" on the spot where you first saw the object
or "B" where you last saw up.

The document contains two hand-drawn diagrams with labeled sections "A" and "B", appearing to be sketches related to the text instructions about marking locations of an observed object.


- page 47 -

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

1. Clouds
   a. Clear sky
   b. Scattered clouds
   c. Thick or heavy clouds
   d. Partial Remainder

2. Wind
   a. No wind
   b. Slight breeze
   c. Strong wind
   d. Partial Remainder

3. Weather
   a. Dry
   b. Foggy, mist, light rain
   c. Moderate or heavy rain
   d. Snow
   e. Partial Remainder

4. Temperature
   a. Cold
   b. Cool
   c. Warm
   d. Partial Remainder

35. When did you report to saw officer that you had seen the object?
Fog                 Month                 Year

36. Who can also state with you at the time you saw the object?
Yes                 (No)

37. If you answered yes, did they see the object too?
Yes                 No

Please list names & addresses:


- page 48 -

