PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
12 August 1962

2. LOCATION
Danbury, Connecticut

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
CAT. 13/0332

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒Ground-Visual ☐Ground-Radar
☐Air-Visual ☐Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes   ☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
7 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
Across Moon

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Obj viewed for 7 minutes as it crossed Moon. Small bright obj observed through 50k telescope. Moved in Northerly direction in lower right portion of Moon over upper left section.

11. COMMENTS
Although object reported in front of moon, an occulatation of one of the stars in Sagittarius occurred at this time and this event is considered as a cause for the sighting.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☒ Was Astronomical/Occultation
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 25 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

August 14, 1962

National Aeronautics and Space Administration
Washington, D. C.

Gentlemen:

On the night of August 12, 1962 about 9:30 p.m. E.D.S.T., my family and I were looking at the moon with a small telescope using a 50 power eyepiece. I noticed a small bright object near the moon, I would say 200 to 300 miles above the surface north of east somewhere near the areas of Cavalerius and Fertilius craters.

It moved in a northerly direction moving closer in to the surface, disappearing at approximately 9:37 p.m. E.D.S.T. somewhere near Plato or as we call it over this time. It was not a star as the moon would have eclipsed it. Also it was following in the same direction as the moon.

I would like to know if you could tell me anything about what we saw and who we could inform if we should ever see something like this again. There was about a seven-minute time lapse which I feel would have helped an observatory to see it.

Any information you can give me would be appreciated.

Sincerely yours,
Danbury, Connecticut


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Letterhead with date AUG 2 1962]

Danbury, Connecticut

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

We are unable to confirm the sightings you report in your letter of August 14, 1962.

It is our pleasure to enclose a recent copy of the Satellite Situation Report which will hopefully aid you in the pursuit of further celestial study.

Sightings of the nature that you describe are indeed common and it is recommended that you continue your observations in a manner closely attendant to the data contained in this enclosure.

Thank you for your interest in NASA, Goddard Space Flight Center and the space sciences.

Sincerely,

James S. Lacy, Jr.
Office of Public Information

Enclosure

cc: Technical Intelligence Center
U.S. Air Force (AFCIN-462X)
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio


- page 3 -

