PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
20 August 1962

2. LOCATION
Port-au-Prince, Haiti

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 31 AUG 1962 0600V Aug

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒Ground-Visual ☐Ground-Radar
☐Air-Visual ☐Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐Yes
☒No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
One

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
Stationary

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
See case file.

11. COMMENTS
It is concluded that the misidentification of the planet Venus was the cause for the UFO sighting. Atmospheric effects which distorted the planet, the apparent nearness of the planet & unfamiliarity of the witness w/astronomical objects were probably contributing factors.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐Was Balloon
☐Probably Balloon
☐Possibly Balloon
☐Was Aircraft
☐Probably Aircraft
☐Possibly Aircraft
☒Was Astronomical Venus
☐Probably Astronomical
☐Possibly Astronomical
☐Other
☐Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐Unknown


- page 1 -

General Narrative:

The object was first noted at 7:55 P.M. but this does not mean it had just arrived; it left at 7:57, direction S.W. with reference to the observer.

The object was rather large and dense to the naked eye.

The object had the form of a double hub one, as shown in the drawing, or about 10 minutes the object all got more, so that it was possible to see it in the telescope one more time. It moved next to the Theocollis. Nevertheless the object would continuously have another move in its orbit. In the same orbit, the object seemed to have some kind of an antenna was nothing; this antenna appeared to have a velocity of about 7 feet in diameter and 3 to 4 feet high.

The color of the object was mainly silvery gray.

On the only side of the object which could be observed a certain number of dark spots were noticed, in a peculiar line, as though some kind of rivets but could be really have been operating, or what, nothing.

All around the object, with a width of approximately 10 feet, a vaporous jacket was noticed the color of which would never the entire solar spectrum. While the object was stationary in the sky this reason gave was on the whole surface drive the impression of "wiping up" the object.

The object exhibited speed with such acceleration that it vanished "thin" in seconds. From the top it could be seen, no noise was noticed.

Note: Data under paragraphs 2, 3, 4, 5 are entirely accurate and cannot be by the observer. Data under paragraph 6 and 7 are estimates.

Attachments:
1. Identification of site of observation
2. Identification and specification of object
3. Certain details of object visible


- page 2 -

The image appears to be a very faint, low-contrast document with some partially legible text. I can make out a few fragments:

"2467"
"267"

Most of the text is too faint or blurry to read with certainty. The document seems to be a map or diagram with some lines and markings, but the details are not clear due to the poor image quality.


- page 3 -

The only clearly legible text on this page is "PORT AU PRINCE" written vertically on the bottom left side of the document. The rest of the page appears to be a faint, low-contrast map or sketch with very light lines, but the details are too indistinct to read or describe with certainty.


- page 4 -

Visible text on the document:

COORDINATE
19 28
29 22

The image appears to be a hand-drawn map or sketch with various lines and markings, but most of the details are faint and difficult to discern clearly. The document looks like an old, black and white scanned page with some degradation around the edges.


- page 5 -

Text found in the image:

BLY or PORT

SCALE 1:25700


- page 6 -

The text I can discern on this page is:

3 janvier
5 janvier

These appear to be dates written in French (January 3rd and January 5th).

The image appears to be a hand-drawn sketch of two concentric elliptical or circular shapes, with some additional lines and markings. The drawing is in black and white and looks like it could be a diagram or sketch related to an observation or report.


- page 7 -

Text found on the page:

VARIOUS POINTS OF THE OBJECT

The page contains a hand-drawn diagram of what appears to be an elliptical or oval-shaped object with multiple concentric ellipses and some additional lines and markings.


- page 8 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TD-8/Col Wynn
UFO Sighting, Port-au-Prince, Haiti                                   18 October 1962

CSD, ISA (Capt Neill)
Wash 25 DC

1. The following information regarding an unidentified flying object sighting which occurred in the area of Port-au-Prince, Haiti on 30 August 1962 is forwarded in response to a telephone request by Major Hary, SAFOI. A copy of the report of the sighting is attached for your information.

2. It is the opinion of 7TD that the object viewed by the witness in this sighting was the planet Venus. At the time reported for the beginning of the UFO sighting, Venus had a right ascension of 13 hours 23 minutes 24 seconds and a declination of -10 degrees 24 minutes 05 seconds. This location of the planet would have caused its position, as viewed from Port-au-Prince, to coincide closely with the reported for the UFO.

3. The witness reported that it was not necessary to move the telescope for approximately 10 minutes while observing the object. The apparent angular rate as noted on the planet was approximately 3.5 degrees in 10 minutes and as it nears the horizon atmospheric refraction probably reduces this rate slightly. As best as can be determined from the report, the optical equipment used by the witness has a field of view of approximately 2 degrees. Observation of the object for approximately 10 minutes without moving the scope is quite possible.

4. Information regarding the vertical temperature gradient at Port-au-Prince at the time of the sighting is not available; however, the general description of the weather, as provided in the report, indicates the probability of a temperature inversion. At the lower elevations the effects of inversions tend to increase the distortion or astronomical objects by the atmosphere. These objects are flattened and dispersion effects cause them to appear multi-colored. Often objects viewed under these conditions appear to jump around and/or to move radially. Further, these conditions often cause then to appear just at the moment of setting. In this sighting bad seeing was probably a contributing factor. In these cases atmospheric tremors are magnified as well as the images.


- page 9 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

5. At the time of the sighting the bright star Alpha Virgo (spica), magnitude 1.2, was only approximately one half degree (the angular diameter or of the moon). Though the optical equipment used by the witness could resolve these two objects, it is possible that due to a worse conditions spica was a contributing factor. Spica was just to the left and above Venus at the time of sighting.

6. Venus at the time of sighting had a magnitude of -3.9 and was by far the brightest object in the sky, the moon having set 41 minutes earlier at 1834. As viewed from the earth, 911 of the planet's surface was illuminated, presenting an effect similar to the moon just before the last quarter. Coupled with atmospheric effects the distribution of Venus has been a contributing factor.

7. It is concluded that the misidentification of the planet Venus was the cause for the UFO sighting which occurred at Port-au-Prince, Haiti on 30 August 1962. Atmospheric effects which distorted the planet, the apparent nearness of the spica and unfamiliarity of the witness with astronomical objects were probably contributing factors.

8. This UFO sighting does not contain any evidence of threat to the security of the United States.

FOR THE COMMANDER

EDWARD R. WYNN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

Date: 17 October 1962

1 Atch
Copy of Report of UFO Sighting in Port-au-Prince vicinity


- page 10 -

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE MISSION TO HAITI (CAIRO)
C/O AMERICAN EMBASSY
PORT-AU-PRINCE, HAITI                     10 September 1962

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:   G

SUBJECT:   Unidentified flying object in the area of Port-au-Prince, Haiti

TO:        Headquarters USAF (ATTN: AFCIN-4)

1. In accordance with paragraph 15, AFR 200-2, 14 September 1962, the following are submitted data in support of a report of a UFO sighted in the vicinity of Port-au-Prince, Haiti:

a. Description of Objects:

   (1) "Comet like two automobile hubcaps welded together" (see
       post 2000 2 attached herewith)

   (2) Top was a shoeolite (the Glossary estimated the diameter
       of the object to be about 70 "net" and the witnesses about 70 Park.)

   (3) The color was predominantly a silver-gray.

   (4) One object.

   (5) Not applicable.

   (6) Around the perimeter of the object there appeared to be a circular raised outline with two halves (top or bottom) as aforementioned object at three
       feet in diameter and at his to ten feet in location in scene.

   (7) There was a cloud of gaseous material, apparently emanating
       from the object portion, with a width of around ten feet, enveloping the
       object. This appears liquid type semi-colored.

   (8) No sound was evident at any time.

   (9) None.

b. Description of Course of Object:

   (1) The observers who reported this incident were having supper
       in an upper west coast area of Port-au-Prince.

   (2) An up to 20 degrees 21 degrees in width and the magnetic
       static azimuth 251 degrees 10 minutes.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

(?) Its movement remained stationary.

(b) The object sighted was one location in the sky for 15
did keep moving in visible. (see form attached in development
of report).

(c) The object disappeared and fly. in what five seconds to a
direction straight away from the observers at a considerably 270 degrees
and 3 minutes.

(d) The object was observed for twenty minutes.

Manner of Observation:

(1) Observation was ground visual.

(2) The site was on a rock, near Petionville with 216 manufactured
mud wall as a background.

(a) Altitude of objective ........................10 to 15 (est)
(b) Magnitude power ............................ 23°
(c) Nearest possible distance ................... 1.40 m (high)
(d) Horizontal angle divided into circle (degrees) ............
    alt of field on sky subdivided ............... 75 m (3,14)
(e) Vertical circle: same arrangement
(f) Circle reading with scale microscope ......... 60'
    or ................................................ 100%
(g) Attention to 1/10th of a minute

    Circle clamp fastening horizontal clock to sidereal.

(h) 1 circular level.

(i) 1 circle level, centrally arranged between the standards,
    sensibility 30' near 2 m

(j) 1 vertical circle level for confidence set* ............
    with 30' 2 m

(k) Zenith spread out into a special telescope which later
is secured to the standard. A horizontal eye piece which
can be aimed to the objective. A visual finder with 6 x 30
clear picture of the progress displayed with lower field of
sight can be used to 1/10th of a minute with its reading.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

(U) Msg n Excerpts.

Date and Time of Sighting:

(1) Between 301.147 and 301.167.

Location of Sighting:

(1) 19 degrees, 20 minutes, 20 seconds north latitude and 18 degrees, 41 minutes, 11 seconds west longitude.

Identifying Information:

(1) [Redacted text]

Weather and Winds Aloft:

(1) Visibility ten miles or better, dark and clear, there was no moon, with radar.

(2) None available.

(3) Ceiling - unlimited.

(4) Visibility - at least, low ceiling.

(5) There was no cloud cover that night.

(6) No thunderstorms.

(7) Temperature unknown.

The document appears to be a partially redacted UFO sighting report with details about the time, location, and weather conditions of the sighting.


- page 13 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[First paragraph is mostly illegible due to poor scan quality]

[Second paragraph is partially legible, but most text is unclear]

Gordon was unable to see many details on the object but described it to be a shining in shape but the object seen by [redacted]

[Signature]
Richard Carter
Colonel, USAF
Chief

1. Ltr fr [illegible]
2. Memo fr [illegible]
3. Attachments and investigative site of object
4. Detailed reporting conditions of object

Copies to: AFCIN-HID (2)
    Air Force Technical Intelligence Center
    Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio


- page 14 -

Port-au-Prince, September 6, 1962

TO: U.S. Mission to Haiti
Attn: Administrative Officer

Subject: Sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object in the Vicinity of Port-au-Prince

(First paragraph is partially illegible)

Persons who made the observations and the measurements:
- (Blacked out text) of Mission Sociale Bellevue-Cite Reconstruction, International Bank for Reconstruction
- (Blacked out text), Engineer

Date and Time of Observations:
August 30, 1962, between 7:35 and 7:50 P.M. Haitian time corresponding to 8:35 and 8:50 P.M.

Instruments Used for Observations:
By "LITTLE HARVARD", Spectrohelioscope with C-14 telescope. Made to be tested, perhaps to the International Astrophysical and Celestial Spherical:

- Diameter of objective ......................... 40 m (1.6")
- Focal plane ....................................
- Shortest Possible distance ..................... 40 m (1.6")
- Horizontal circle divided into single degrees ....
- Zenith circle, same equipment ..................
- Field reading with scale at center ................. 60°
- ................................................................ 100°
Angle close possibly horizontal circle to sighting.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

- 1 circular level
- 1 eight level, containing principal between the standards, sensitivity 307, 307 2 mm

- 1 vertical circle level has confidence setting, sensitivity 20"

- Circular comes set into a graded holder which latter is secured to the standard. Incident was made with a time of 1/100 sec. Plotted in the observer's "usual scale" gives a close picture of the compass with its degrees, divisions which can be read to 1/10th of a degree.

Type of observation: Following are the co-ordinates of the place where the instrument was set:

Long tudes:   70° 22' 20"
Latitude:    18° 21' 13"
Time period:  21°20 021
Magnetic azimuth:  210 30'

5) Heading of the instrument:
    Magnetic heading:   870 30' W
    Angle of inclination:  210 11' from sea level

6) Data concerning the object (this data is particularly approximate because of impossibility of setting up the instrument in a different place or of calculation is to be considered within a 20%):

- Altitude from sea level:    7000 Feet
- Distance from observer:     12000 Feet
- Diameter of object:         70 Feet
- Estimated geographic coordinates of object:
    Longitude:   70° 21'
    Latitude:    18° 20' 30"


- page 16 -

