PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
May 1962

2. LOCATION
Dayton and Vicinity

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual       ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual          ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1/2 hour

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
Unknown

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Phone calls to police re strange lights. Letter to FTD included on report.

11. COMMENTS
About a dozen calls of "UFO" to local police. Determined that a/c with flashing advertising lights were flying over Dayton and vicinity.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☒ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 53)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of this object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 100 - 200 mph

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you this object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1-2 miles

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
[Personal details are redacted/blacked out]
City/town: Dayton
State: Ohio

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent:
Farmer 4 yrs. as C.D. observer

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 24   May   62

[Additional handwritten notes at bottom of page, partially illegible]
Police report "small note" with
[remaining text partially illegible]

Page 8 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 2 -

May 28, 1962

Post Commander
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

This letter is in reference to
an IL F.O.
My name is [redacted]
and I am 38 years old. All of
my senses are in perfect order and
I consider myself a responsible
person.

On the evening of May 25, 1962
at 9:35 P.M. I saw an object
at a distance of about one to
one and a half city blocks away.
My position was north of the
object and I was on a hill.
The object was being vertically
at a rate of about four or
five feet per second with a
slight easterly drift. I saw
the object while it was about
200 ft. off of the ground and at
a fairly level into a mist or fog.


- page 3 -

at about 9.50 H. off the ground. Size of the object 25 estimate to be about 75- ft. in length (from the angle which I saw it) and about 30 to 40 thick. Then were two lights clearly visible, on either side. the left end had a red light and the right end had a white light. These two lights looked like ordinary flashing lights. In the lower center portion of the object wherever was now the lighted area which is difficult to describe. This area seemed to be about 15 to 25 ft. in length. It was wish roughly or brightly with mental or perhaps illuminated off this area seemed to diminish as it went higher into the fringed area. the red and white lights were the last to be seen. There was no noise. Being in the position where I was the possibility


- page 4 -

of reflections are out. This
day definitely an object the
at first slightly was object the
first thing that came into my
mind was a plane. Realizing
that this was no sense the only
practical thing I could compare
it was a helicopter. Because of
its vertical ascent. It was much
too large for a helicopter. Having
and it was no motion (when
I went on to my observation which
was right under the fogged area
I asked the people - if they heard
heard any noise and if they answer
ing. I saw no other monitor except
The weather conditions were
clear to the north (the wind was) and
to the south it was clear except
for the hazy area to my left
that while the sighting was first
noted it was almost totally clean.
The sighting took from 40 to 45
second approximately. My wife
also saw this as the was with me


- page 5 -

Text found in the document:

Phys
Point
Line

Focal
Plane
Colimator

Sharon Rd

Kern
Rd

Red Light

75'

White Colt

Red Light Converging
Nipple

[Bottom of page has a blacked out section with partially visible text that appears to read:]
Sincerely Yours,
[Rest is obscured]

The document contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO or flying object, with an oval shape and wavy lines in its center, along with some road names and measurements.


- page 6 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

TO: T Sgt Moody
TO-8

REMARKS:
Extracted From the FTD Officer of the Day
Report for the period 1600 24 May - 0700 25 May

"About a dozen UFO calls. Police report
small aircraft with flashing advertising lights
flying over Dayton and vicinity".

FROM: CSIGT Deffenbaugh
TO-22

DATE: 25 May 62

DD Form 95 59117


- page 7 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
24    May    1962
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 12:45
                Hours    Minutes
(Circle One):    A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
                b. Central
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
               b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted address]    Dayton    Ohio    State or Country

Additional remarks: New at Dayton

5. How long was object in sight? 12-15
                                Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                            NIGHT
a. Bright                      a. Bright
b. Cloudy                      b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw this object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):    a. In front of you    d. To your left
                b. In back of you     e. Overhead
                c. To your right      f. Don't remember

PTD FORM
JUL 61 164    This form supersedes ATIC 164, Feb 60, which is obsolete.


- page 8 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One):   a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
Yes   No

11. Did the object:   (Circle One for each question)   Yes   No   Don't Know
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know   IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know   IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):   a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other:   Yes   No


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: None
    b. Color: Dull Green, White Hues

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wing, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 10 -

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
Still (illegible word)

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Blank space for response]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees.


- page 12 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day            Month           Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)   Yes    No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)   Yes    No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted text, with handwritten text "Dayton, Ohio" on the side]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)   Yes    No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten text: "Flying Saucer"]


- page 14 -

