PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
14 Feb 62

2. LOCATION
Miami, Florida

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2115
GMT 15/0252

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
Air-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes
No

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
4-6 min

7. SOURCE
Civilian

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
E/NE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Obj. appearing as light was observed by witnesses in Key Biscayne, Miami. Obj. was observed until it approached moon. Obj. was generally vertical and incident lasted 4-6 min. Witnesses stated at bright moon and their was last radar duration.

11. COMMENTS
Obj. viewed by witnesses was as it approached moon due to brightness of that area. Moon was 74% illuminated at time of sighting. Obj. was not observed in vicinity of moon. This could be attributed to any of several explanations singularly or collectively. Witnesses stared at bright moon and their was last radar duration. Witnesses missed obj. as it emerged and did not emerge where expected.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon

Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft

Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other:
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Handwritten text, mostly illegible]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
My husband, [redacted] same address as mine
My brother, [redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Handwritten text, mostly illegible]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten text, mostly illegible]


- page 2 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME

Last Name                First Name            Middle Name

ADDRESS
Street                   City                 Zone        Penna.
                                                           State

TELEPHONE NUMBER:

Age 46     Sex Female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
14      4       62
Day    Month   Year


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

April 8, 1962
King of Prussia, Pa.

United States Air Force
UFO Project
Washington, D. C.

Gentlemen:

On February 14, shortly after 9:00 p.m., I was sitting with three other persons by the swimming pool at the Key Biscayne Hotel, Key Biscayne, Florida, the sky was cloudless, and the stars and the moon were very bright. While watching the sky, we saw a bright light, as bright and as large as any star in the sky (as a matter of fact, it looked like a star) moving across the sky, roughly from west to east. We thought it might be Echo. We have seen it a number of times. However, as it approached the vicinity of the moon, it dimmed. We thought that this was because of the brightness of the moon and that we would see it again on the other side of the moon. It seemed to us that its path should have taken across the face of the moon. We watched for at least 20 minutes, but did not see it again. We estimated that it should have taken it no more than 2 minutes to pass over and beyond the moon's radiance so that its brightness could again be seen. But, as I said, we did not see it again.

We wondered if it was a weather balloon, etc. Could you enlighten us?

Sincerely,
(Mrs.)

P.S. It was not a falling star. We cannot figure why it did not come out on the other side of the moon.


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of what you observed. You may re-state information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME [redacted]
(Please Print)

SIGNATURE [redacted]
DATE [redacted]

(Do Not Write in This Space)
CODE:

On February 14, at approximately 9:15 p.m., while sitting with three others by the swimming pool of the Key Biscayne Hotel, Key Biscayne, Florida, facing roughly north, the hotel to our left and the ocean to our right, we saw a bright light, just like the brightest and biggest star in the sky, moving through the other stars. The night was clear and bright and the moon was shining. We watched it for approximately 4 to 6 minutes until it came into the aura of the moon. It then dimmed and faded completely from our view. We watched for about 20 minutes, expecting it to come into view again on the other side of the moon - that is, to the right of the moon as we were facing it. However, if did not appear again. Had it reappeared, I would have written to the Air Force--I would have thought it was one of the Echo satellites. We have seen Echo a number of times and have also seen some of the Russian sputnicks.

The direction of this light was roughly from west to east, or it was heading in the direction of the ocean. The direction may have been southwest to northeast.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Bob: Let me know the results on this one please. - Haut

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Blank spaces for Day, Month, Year]

2. Time of day:
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
[Blank spaces for Hour and Minutes]

3. Time Zone: (Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One):
a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Blank spaces for Nearest Postal Address, City or Town, State or Country]

Additional remarks:

5. How long was object in sight?
[Blank spaces for Hours, Minutes, Seconds]

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                   NIGHT
a. Bright                             a. Bright
b. Cloudy                             b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):
a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
JUL 61 164    This form supersedes ATIC 164, Feb 60, which is obsolete.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):                    8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                                    a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                                   b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                                    c. No moonlight — pitch dark
    d. Don't remember                           d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
    (Circle One):   a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
    [Handwritten text, mostly illegible]

11. Did the object:                           (Circle One for each question)   Yes   No   Don't Know
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?                                    
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?                          
    c. Break up into parts or explode?                                       
    d. Give off smoke?                                                       
    e. Change brightness?                                                    
    f. Change shape?                                                         
    g. Flash or flicker?                                                     
    h. Disappear and reappear?                                               

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
    It moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
    In front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):   a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No             e. Binoculars       Yes   No
    b. Sun glasses      Yes   No             f. Telescope        Yes   No
    c. Windshield       Yes   No             g. Theodolite       Yes   No
    d. Window glass     Yes   No             h. Other


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: [text is illegible]
    b. Color: [text is illegible]

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                b. Like a bright star
                c. Sharply outlined
                d. Don't remember
    e. Other: [blank lines]

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? [blank line]
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The text is handwritten in the response fields, but it is mostly illegible in this image.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text is mostly illegible]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.


- page 10 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6


- page 11 -

