PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
30 November 1962

2. LOCATION
Muskegon, Michigan

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1930

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
XE Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
XE No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
6 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
not reported

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Bright night. Object that looked like
star and moon in sight for 6 minutes.
Report indicated that object did not
disappear. Solid, sharply outlined.
White color. Faint hum accompanied
flight. Initial observation in SW at
45 deg elevation in east. Changed
course during flight.

11. COMMENTS
Description, duration and flight
consistent with a/c analysis.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
XE Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Date for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

274

ASTRONOMY
Science News Letter for October 27, 1962

Jupiter, Saturn Still Visible
Venus shifts from the evening to the morning sky and
Jupiter, except for the moon, is the brightest object in the
November evening sky, James Stokley reports.

ALTHOUGH the planet Venus during
November shifts from the evening to the
morning sky, Jupiter and Saturn appear all
month during the evening and Mars rises
about mid-month.

Except for the moon, Jupiter is the brightest
object during the evening, with astronomical magnitude of minus 2.1. It is in the
southwest, in the constellation of Aquarius,
the water carrier, for the next three months
and will be the most conspicuous object in
the star group and the planet will be distinctly southerly, the whole sky will
then be shifted further toward the east.
Jupiter sets about 1:00 a.m. at the first of
November, and about midnight at mid-November.

Saturn Visible
Saturn is in the constellation of Capricornus, the horned goat, which is lower and
farther west than Aquarius. This planet sets
about 10:30 Nov. 1 and 9:30 on the 15th.
At the beginning of November Venus is
so low in the sky at an hour after the sunset that it will be difficult to locate. On the 12th
it reaches inferior conjunction, when it
comes between the earth and the sun. Then
it will be to the west of the sun, coming up
before sunrise. By the end of November it
will be conspicuous in the early morning
sky, rising more than two hours before
sunrise.

Mars comes up in the east about 11:00
p.m. on the first, 10:30 on the 15th and
10:00 on the 30th. At the same time it is
increasingly in brightness, from magnitude
0.7 to 0.3. This is because the planet is
rapidly approaching us. Its distance, at the
beginning of November, is about 116 million miles. On the 15th it is about 100 million miles and on the 30th about 85 million miles.
Among the stars of November evenings,
the brightest is Vega, in Lyra, the lyre,
over in the northwest. Above it is Cygnus,
the swan, with first magnitude Deneb; to
the left (shown on the map of the southern

half of the sky) is Altair in Aquila, the
eagle.

In the northeast is Capella, in Auriga, the
charioteer. To the right (southern map) is
the Great Square of Pegasus, which is distinctly red in color. And below Taurus,
Orion, the warrior, is just coming into view,
with two first magnitude stars: Betelgeuse
and Rigel. Toward the south, below and a
little further east than Jupiter, stands Fomalhaut. This star is part of the southern fish,
Piscis Austrinus.

How far can a person see with the naked
eye?

Ask someone this question. Perhaps he
will think of the view of some distant star
from the top of a high mountain and answer "a hundred miles," or something of
that order.

A more correct answer, however, is fifteen quintillion miles—that is, 15 followed
by 18 ciphers!

And November evenings afford the best
opportunity to look so far, for the object at
that distance is high overhead. It is the
galaxy in the constellation of Andromeda,
often designated as M 31, its number in the
catalogue of such objects compiled by a

French astronomer named Charles Messier
in 1781.

Because Andromeda, pictured as the
chained princess, is directly overhead to
the map times, it is shown partly on the
northern chart and partly on the southern.
The special map, Fig. 1 (p. 278), shows
this part of the sky.

Great Square of Pegasus
Look first for the constellation of Pegasus,
the winged horse, high in the southeast.
There you can see four stars, arranged in
a square, generally known as "the great
square in Pegasus." But actually the star in
the upper left-hand corner, Alpheratz (sometimes called Sirrah) is not in Pegasus at all.
It is part of the next-door constellation of
Andromeda. And just to the north of Alpheratz, in Cassiopeia, who in mythology
was Andromeda's mother, the queen (Cepheus, represented by another constellation
nearby, was the king.)

If from Alpheratz you look toward the
northeast you will come to two other stars
about as bright (they are all second magnitude). These are called Mirach and Almak,
although the names are seldom used.

Between Alpheratz and Mirach, as between Mirach and Almak, are fainter stars,
some of the fourth magnitude. And from
these, as from Mirach, there extend lines
of faint stars toward the northwest. Just to

(Continued on p. 278)

[The rest of the text includes two star charts/maps which I have not transcribed, as per the instructions.]


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

KILL AND OVERKILL: The Strategy of Annihilation—Ralph E. Lapp, 216 p., $3.95. Discusses nuclear weapons stockpile, in-terconditional missiles, strategy of deterrence and the forces that are accelerating the nuclear arms race.

SCIENCE: Your Own Ups—H. J. Eysenck—Psy., 192 p., plus, paper, $5. Clear explanation of what the intelligence quotient measures and how tests should be evaluated. Includes eight tests of up to IQ problems each for self-testing with tables for converting scores.

LAW AND PSYCHIATRY: Cold War or Eternal Cordiale—Sheldon Glueck—Johns Hopkins Press, 181 p., $4.95. Legal scholar analyzes the conflicting claims and complex issues involved in establishing non-responsibility for crime "by reason of insanity" in the courts.

THE MASS PROTEST—Werther von Braun—Univ. of Ill. Press, 91 p., diagrams, paper, $3.60. Reprint (1959), based on calculations made in 1948, this study demonstrates the technical feasibility of an expedition to Mars.

MODERN AMERICANS IN SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—Edna Yost—Dodd, 175 p., photo, $3.25. Biographical sketches, from Elmer Roberts, originator of the Vanguard project, P. Hagen, director of the Vanguard project, revealing the interdependence of scientific developments.

MICRO, RECENT & ARCHITECTURE—Leo I. Meyers, 256 p., $6. plus, $17.50 after Christmas; $17.50 after. Results of scientific study and analysis of acoustic principles and evaluation and technical description of 54 acoustically outstanding halls in 15 countries.

THE PALACES OF CRETE—James Walter Graham—Princeton Univ. Press, 464 p., 133 illus., $7.50. A scholarly recreation from the clues of excavated ruins, of the Minoan palaces, villas and houses in their historical setting.

PRINCIPLES OF ORGANIC CHEMISTRY—T. A. Geissman—Freeman, 2nd ed., 853 p., diagrams, $9.75. Presents theoretical aspects as integral part of description of characteristic behavior and applications of organic compounds.

REPORT OF THE NATIONAL CHEMICAL LABORATORY 1961—C. E. H. Bawn, Chem.—Dept. of Scientific & Indust. Res. (Brit. Inform. Ser.), 171 p., plus, paper, $1.10. Covers new materials, corrosion and isotope applications.

The SEARCH FOR PLANET X—Tony Simmonds, foreword by Clyde W. Tombaugh—Basic Bk., 181 p., illus. by Ed Malberg, $1.75. Tells the story of the search for a hypothetical planet led to the discovery of Pluto.

STRANGE WORLDS UNDER THE MICROSCOPE—Margaret Gowing—Dodd, 138 p., illus., by author, $3.45. At secondary school level, introduces readers to the dragonfly, the spider, etc.

RADIATION FROM NUCLEAR WEAPONS—L. V. Spencer—ARS (GPO), 133 p., illus., paper, 75¢. Monograph summarizes methods used and research data on the penetration of structures by gamma rays.

NOW! bigg
brighter vi
science lea

A Tri-Simplex Microprojector
scopic specimens—wet or dry—
dents learn better because they
now there's a new optical system
in condenser ... and a super-effil
bigger, brighter, sharper images.
classroom and see for yourself.

BAUSC
BAUSCH & LOMB
INCORPORATED
16934 Bausch Street
Rochester 2, N.Y.

[Coupon with checkboxes and fields for Name, School, Address, City]


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER FOR October 27, 1962

NORTH
[Constellation map showing Cassiopeia, Ceph, Schedar, Almack, M31, Andromeda, Mirach, Alpheratz, Scheat, Great Square in Pegasus, Algonib, Markab]

Fig. 1 MAP SHOWING LOCATION OF ANDROMEDA GALAXY -- M 31

(Continued from p. 274)
the west of the second star from Mirach (which has no special name but is designated as Andromeda's). The west of light. You can see it clearly with the naked eye if it is clear—and dark.

This is Messier 31, or M 31, 15,000,000,000,000,000 (15 quintillion) miles away!
To go that distance, light—which travels at a speed of 186,000 miles every second—takes about 2,500,000 years. Thus, to avoid using such an awkwardly large number as 15 quintillion, astronomers say the distance is 2.5 million light years. Or, using another unit it is 0.77 megaparsecs. A parsec is equal to 3.26 light years, and a megaparsec is a million parsecs, or 3,260,000 light years.

M 31 is a twin of our galaxy, the Milky Way system. This is made up in a very similar pattern. This is made up of some hundred billion stars, and our sun is near the edge of a grindstone about a hundred thousand light years in diameter. We are looking not at the center, but part way out toward the edge. As we look in the direction of the center, we see a concentration of stars—no closer together than the naked eye does not show them separately, and this causes the effect of the Milky Way.

are considerably fewer stars, and in that direction we can look beyond, and see the millions of other galaxies that can be photographed with large telescopes. Of these, the one in Andromeda is one of the closest.

If you were living on a planet, going around one of the billions of stars that make up Messier 31, and looked back toward our galaxy, you would see very much the same thing that you do when you look toward it.

Celestial Time Table for November
Nov.    EST
2    5:44 p.m.    Algol (variable star in Perseus)
4    2:00 p.m.    Moon minimum brightness
5    1:17 p.m.    Moon passes Saturn
6    1:00 p.m.    Moon passes Jupiter
10   9:00 a.m.    Moon nearest distance 235,500 miles
11   5:04 p.m.    Full moon
13   3:00 p.m.    Venus between sun and earth
15   4:58 a.m.    Algol at minimum
16   early a.m.   Meteor visible radiating from Leonids
17   1:47 a.m.    Algol at minimum
18   4:00 a.m.    Moon passes Mars
19   9:19 a.m.    Moon in last quarter
22   10:59 p.m.   Moon at minimum distance 252,000 miles
27   7:25 p.m.    Algol at minimum

* Science News Letter, 82:274 October 27, 1962


- page 4 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   5 November 1962
                                                                       Tucuman, Argentina

One of the most interesting cases of all occurred on the night of November 5th, and in related information published in Tucuman, Argentina. An Italian truck driver named Pier Livio Quaia was driving his vehicle late that night when he was forced to stop, because of a UFO which was blocking his way only 100 yards in front of him. The bright-lit object was hovering just above the ground, right over the highway. It beamed a powerful light into the cabin of Quaia's truck, blinding him for a few instants, but thereafter the light grew dimmer, and he was able to observe the saucer carefully as it slowly rose into the sky. It was shaped like an egg, 12 yards long and 4 yards high. Green and red lights came out of windows, opening along the circumference. On the bottom of the saucer there was a white circle, like glass, about one yard in diameter, and this was illuminated from inside. Quaia continued his journey, and shortly thereafter came upon two brothers driving another truck. The three men overtook a short distance, and one of the brothers took a photo at the meeting, but we are not told if he hit it. Finally, the three grew tired of watching the saucer and stopped at a tavern to have a few drinks to fortify themselves.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case (Information Only)                                     8 November 1962
                                                                Tucuman, Argentina

On the road near the town of Tucuman, two youths were riding a motorcycle together the night of November 8th, when they, as well as a truck coming in the opposite direction, were stopped by an intense white light. The engine of the motorcycle stopped functioning, and the startled men watched a flying saucer move slowly across the highway and land on a small hill about 200 yards away. The saucer stayed on the ground for a few seconds, during which time the heat of light from it was so intense that they could feel their skin burning. The UFO then ascended to a height of 50 yards above the ground, performed several maneuvers, and left the area at high speed.

After the episode the motorcycle still refused to start up, and the two had to hitch-hike to the next town. It was found that all the oil in the motorcycle had dried up, and the bearings, electrical and mechanical parts, plugs, dampers and cables were all melted. In the town of Salta, the youths were treated by a doctor for burns on their arms. While looking for closer investigation, they had been frightened and were somewhat reluctant to discuss the details of the night of November 10.


- page 6 -

NO CASE LETTER OF UNIDENTIFIED AIRCRAFT

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH

INCOMING

AF IN: 16186 (8 Nov 62) G/rsb
ACTION: CIN-17
INFO: OOP-2, OOP-6P-2, SARS-3, DIA-10, DIA/CITC-3, JCS-35, ARMY-2, NAVY-2, CMO-8, OSD-15, CIA-11, NSA-7 (118)

SMB A 099
AZ CZ CH QA 61 CZ CCJX25 9
***** YY REZ HQ
DE RUFYAW 171
ZNR
Y 081815Z
FM 80399/CLM2
TO RUFT QH/COMUSFORAZ LAJES FLD AZ ORES
RUEAHQ/COFS USAF WASH DC
RUWGAL B/CINCNORAD ENT AFB COLO
RUCSBRB/CINCSAC OFUTT AFB NEBR
BT
UNCLAS /CIRVIS REORT/ OBSERVED 2 MULTI ENGINE BOMBERS SIMILAR TO B52
TYPE CROSSED OUR PATH 4303N 1735W 1753Z HEADING 305 DEGREES FL 250
SPEED 350 NO INSIGNIA OBSERVED BEYOND OUR RANGE
BT
NOTE: ADV CVS TO CIN, DIA & CP.
08/1817Z NOV RUFYAW


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO CASE                INFORMATION ONLY                ARGENTINA
10-15 NOV

WPA095 GDBSZCCCMA359
DR RUGDEG
DE RUEHBA255
ZNR
R 211328Z

FM USAIRA BUENOS AIRES ARGENTINA
TO RUEAHO/COFS USAF WASH D C
RUEAHO/112TH USAF FAG FT BELVOIR VA
RUGDEG/FTD WPAFB OHIO
RUFGWA/USAIRA PARIS FRANCE
AF GRNF

DT
UNCLAS U-482. REFERENCE USAIRA PARIS MESSAGE U-783. PRESS REPORTS
ARGENTINA LAUNCHED FIVE (5) GAMMA CENTAURO (CENTAURE) ROCKETS
BETWEEN 12-15 NOV 1962. PROJECT SPONSORED BY NATIONAL AIRCRAFT
INDUSTRY PLANT (DINFIA). ROCKETS LAUNCHED AT CHAMICAL, PROVINCE
OF LA RIOJA AND REPORTEDLY REACHED ALTITUDE OF 90 TO 120
THOUSAND METERS, AND THAT ALL TESTS WERE SUCCESSFUL. ARGENTINES
ASSISTED BY TEAM OF TEN (10) FRENCH TECHNICIANS HEADED BY
PROFESSOR JACQUES BLAMONT.

BT
CFMA68 783 5 13 15 1962 93 100 10
211/15252


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Children Frightened
By "Sky Ghost"

A strange elliptical-shaped object which hovers stationary in the air above the Fleetwood Elementary School at Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada, has caused a stir. APRO's W. K. Allan of Calgary interviewed Mike Williams and Miles White of Lethbridge and forwarded the following information to headquarters:

The object, which appeared about 6 feet in diameter, first appeared in 1960 and was seen "six nights in a row" by school children and at least one adult.

It was seen again on November 23, 1962 at 10:30 p.m. After hearing about it, White's mother and her son and the Williams boy went to the school on Friday, November 30, 1962. The object was sighted again. It was shining with a bluish light and appeared to be over the school's bell tower.

On Saturday, December 1, the boy and his mother returned at 5 p.m., and saw it hovering over the school yard about 20 feet off the ground. It appeared to be almost transparent. They threw stones at it and after about twice the time required for the stones to fall to the ground they were heard falling on the roof of the one-story school annex behind their backs in the opposite direction to which they were thrown.

After the Saturday sighting, Miles White and Mike Williams went to a movie, during which Miles' speech became blurred. He didn't make sense and fell asleep. He complained first of a "buzzing in the head."

The story was published in the papers, and the boys as well as Mrs. White were reluctant to talk of their experiences, fearing ridicule.


- page 9 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   25 November 1962
                                                                       Northampton, Ohio

NORTHAMPTON, OHIO-Nov. 25, 1962 - 4:22 AM-
Mr & Mrs Joseph Tomsello were in their driveway, having just arrived home. Their
attention was drawn to an object that was moving SW to NW, and was the apparent size
of 1/2 moons. The object was moving toward the woods and was seen well from about 200
yards. Its speed was like that of a first-class passing overhead; the drawing that was
submitted showed it to be shaped like a half-moon with the rounded edge down. Its
color was orange-red except for a silvery pin point of light coming from its center.
This in turn was surrounded by a spherical rosy glow, larger than the clear outline
of the object. It moved towards the woods and disappeared. A few seconds later this
same object or another with a different appearance seemed to retrace the path of
the first object. As this object moved SW at tree top level, it was larger than the
first, about the size of two water melons and had the general shape of a shield. It
had an orange-red shield shape surrounded by a charcoal colored wide circle which
owed the inner contour, again, the middle section of orange-red part had the small
pin-point of light. The inner and outer parts were sharply outlined, as the UFO
moved past, it suddenly disappeared in mid-air. There was no smoke, trail, sound.


- page 10 -

Trinidad, Colorado
July 19, 1966

Air Force Academy,
Colorado Springs
Colorado - Outer Space Division

Gentlemen: I have just finished watching Art Sinkletter's program on my Closed TV on which he interviewed a man who seems to be an authority on flying saucers, objects etc - his descriptions and his pictures reminded me of an experience I had 4 or 5 years ago in late November about Thanksgiving time - around 3 o'clock in the morning.

I happened to be up and looked out of my upstairs west bedroom window and saw several bright objects moving across the sky over the top of my neighbors house - the first one was about the size of a full moon - the second was smaller. Each succeeding one smaller than the one preceding it. There was a bright fire following them. It was most spectacular and I was overcome with awe and wonder to be privileged to witness such a scene. I told my family and friends about it. My son, who is interested in aviation, thought I should tell our local newspaper and write the Air


- page 11 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
30     Nov     1962
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 7:30
(Circle One): A.M. or (P.M.)

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address redacted]     Muskegon Hts.     Michigan
                                       City or Town      State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    Hours     6     Minutes         Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure
5.1 How was time in sight determined? estimation
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
              b. In back of you     e. Overhead
              c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

been a semi-invalid for some time and do not
accomplish all that I would like to- so did
nothing at the time and subsequently forgot all
about it - until reminded today by the TV
Program.

Hope this letter will be of interest to you.
Sincerely,
(Mrs) [name redacted]


- page 13 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   27 November 1962
                                                                       Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio

LOCAL SIGHTINGS: Cuy. Falls, O. Nov. 27, 1075 PM. A single large white light that blinked regularly once a second, was seen passing overhead toward the N.N.E.. Using 7x50 binoculars, no other lights or shape could be detected. Estimated altitude was about 2000 feet, speed of 100 mph. This object followed a steady NNE course it was lost from view because of low traces in the area. The observers: Fran and Roy Renner, A.B. Candusso. No smoke trail, no sound, no change of speed, color or shape. The night was clear and cold.


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case (Information Only)                   28 November, 1962
                                              Edinburgh, Scotland

A black-and-white print taken from the color photograph and submitted to the REVIEW by David Rudman.

A COLOUR PHOTOGRAPH
by David Rudman

I AM writing to inform you of the details of a sighting made by three men, all known to me. On Wednesday, November 28, 1962, they were travelling on the 11 a.m. "Flying Scotsman" train from London to Edinburgh, sitting in a house, on the northeast coast below Berwick-on-Tweed, in the train was clearly at a very slow speed (about 15 m.p.h.) and one of the men, a keen amateur photographer, decided to use the opportunity to take some colour photographs of the countryside. At 12.20 a.m., glancing through the window at the opposite side of the carriage, i.e. looking inland, he saw an enormous oval-shaped object, grey in colour with three parallel luminous bands running along its length and a slight haziness at one end. His immediate reaction was an amazed "Good heavens!" and he moved two companions after suggesting he put more water in his tea.

At this time, had their attention been drawn to the object and all three started at it with some incredulity for nearly two minutes, for although it seemed to be at least a mile away, it would have appeared eight to ten times larger than it actually was. All three men are engineers, not prone to exaggeration, and they stared by this remarkable statement which suggests that the object, whatever it was, must have been of colossal proportions. Fortunately they had the presence of mind to remember the camera, and a very successful photograph was taken, copies of which I enclose. For a few seconds afterwards their attention was taken from the object to check the camera and when they looked back, the object had disappeared completely. They told me that they were surprised by this total disappearance in so short a space of time. I was interviewed till three in the morning, and they are quite certain that they were looking at a solid object.

Next, Colour report for that area shows that the cloud base was 3,500 ft. with a westerly wind of 15 knots. The photographs were developed by Kodak, who made a colour transparency from which a director of an engineering firm in the neighbourhood of Edinburgh, and although I have no permission to make what use I like of his experience and photograph, he does not want his name brought into it. The names of all three gentlemen are, of course, known to me.


- page 15 -

DECEMBER 1962 SIGHTINGS:

DATE    LOCATION                           OBSERVER    EVALUATION

1       East Point, Georgia                            Balloon
1       Arlington, Massachusetts                       Aircraft
3       64.45N 29.45W (Atlantic)           Military    Astro (METEOR)
3       25.5N 85.4W (Gulf of Mexico)                   Insufficient Data
4       Ridgefield, Connecticut                        Aircraft
6       66N 28W (Atlantic)                 Military    Satellite
7       San Mateo, California              Military    Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
7       45.50N 173.30W (Pacific)                       Insufficient Data
8       Lincoln Park, Michigan             Multi       Other (CONFLICTING DATA)
10      Brooklyn, New York                 Multi       Other (SEARCHLIGHT)
11      Ashland, Oregon                                Astro (METEOR)
13      Robins AFB, Georgia                            Astro (METEOR)
DR13    Charlottetown, P.E.I., Canada      Multi       Astro (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
13-14   Greenfield, California                         Balloon
14      Found Ridge, New York/Wilton,Conn  Multi       Astro (METEOR)
16      61.30N 07.15W (Atlantic)           Military    Insufficient Data
16      Huntington, West Virginia                      Satellite
18      Tirol, Italy                                   Astro (METEOR)
20      Cambria, California                            Astro (VENUS)
20      Worcester, Massachusetts            Multi      Insufficient Data
21      Venezuela                           Multi      Insufficient Data
28      Miamisburg, Ohio                               Astro (VENUS)
30      102.18N 162.09W (Pacific)                      Satellite

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES):

DATE    LOCATION                SOURCE              EVALUATION

Dec     Universe               Science News Ltr
Dec     Akron, Ohio            Newsclipping
2       Riverside, California  Newsclipping
12      Osaka, Japan           Newsclipping
12      Kent, Ohio             Newsclipping
18      Milan, Italy           Newsclipping
19      Tacoma, Seattle, Washington Newsclipping
20      Milan, Italy           Newsclipping
22      Buenos Aires, Argentina Newsclipping
28      Akron, Ohio            Newsclipping
29      Clifton, England       Newsclipping


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Like a star.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other _________

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 17 -

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It did not disappear.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Like a faint hum
b. Color: White

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Half of the object was covered.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch of an oval/disc-shaped object with an arrow indicating its direction of movement]


- page 18 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ________________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) ________________
e. At sea
f. Other ________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses  Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other        Yes   No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

It looked like a star and the moon.


- page 19 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Michael Aytch
ADDRESS Muskegon Michigan
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 11 SEX male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
11 April 1963
to 716 U.S. Air Force


- page 21 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    15    April    1963
     Day            Month       Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The page is Page 7 and the text field for question 35 is blank.


- page 22 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for October 27, 1962

FIELDS
MEDICINE
Industrial Noise
Not Cause of Illness

> THE WIDESPREAD belief that sustained industrial noise can cause high blood pressure, diabetes or any other systemic disease, or can bring about emotional illness, is termed "strictly nonsense" by Aram Glorig, Los Angeles, director of research for the subcommittee on noise of the American Academy of Ophthalmology and Otolaryngology.

Dr. Glorig finds there "is no authoritative evidence that noise produces any problem with respect to health except hearing loss." He pointed out, however, that industrial noise and its effects on industrial workers and workers of jet planes have not been studied.

Dr. Glorig said hearing loss depended upon the intensity and frequency of the noise. He noted that there is a normal hearing loss with aging of about 15 decibels, which is equivalent to the amount of hearing that can be lost without serious impairment of the ability to hear speech.

RADIOLOGY
Need More Studies on
Secondary Sex Organs

> THE AMOUNT of sperm, fats and testosterone, the male sex hormone, present in the male secondary sex organs appears to be related to the amount of radioactive material which these organs will absorb.

Dr. Paul L. Risley of the University of Colorado Medical Center told the National Symposium on the Effects of Ionizing Radiation on the Reproductive System held at Colorado State University, Fort Collins.

Scientists have concentrated their research on the effects of radiation on the testes. Dr. Risley's studies suggest that radiation on the effects to the relatively radiation-resistant secondary sex organs, such as the seminal vesicles and the prostate gland.

Dr. Risley observed in his studies on the effects of radiation that the uptake of tracers of radioactive phosphorus, that the fact that the hormone was influenced by radiation was not as clearly marked.

He found that there were different radiation-physiological uptake levels of different effects in the sex organ system. Higher uptake was associated with places of high radiation and lower uptake was found in areas of lower metabolic activity.

In another study, he observed that the absence of sperm in immature and castrated animals was associated with a larger uptake

than was seen in normal adult animals with large quantities of sperm. At yet, no explanation for this observation was given.

In addition to his specific findings, Dr. Ridley believes that the research shows "that radioactivity measurements of injected radioactive phosphorus can be used as a fairly sensitive method for studying the metabolic changes in the male accessory sex organs in response to hormonal factors, vitamin and nutritive deficiencies, pharmacological agents, ionizing radiations, or other physiological effects."

SPACE
Space Radiation More
Than Previous Estimate

> THE RANGER III lunar probe has shown that the intensity of gamma rays in interplanetary space is probably as much as ten times higher than anticipated.

These findings were reported by Dr. James R. Arnold, Dr. University of California, San Diego; Ernest C. Anderson and Marvin A. Van Dilla, the Los Alamos Scientific Laboratories, and Dr. Albert F. Metzger of the California Institute of Technology's Jet Propulsion Laboratory.

Directing the Ranger project for NASA, although the gamma ray flux was measured by Ranger III was found to be roughly equal to that from primary cosmic rays, its significance is not great enough to require any changes in the design of radiation shielding for manned spacecraft.

Additional data from the Mariner II probe now hurling toward Venus has indicated that the charged particles radiate at a continuous "solar wind" from the sun into interplanetary space.

The wind has a velocity of about 300 miles per second, varying through relationship itself is not known.

PHYSIOLOGY
Weightlessness Does Not
Affect Body Functions

> NINE HOURS of weightlessness produced absolutely no variation in Astronaut Walter Schirra's physiological response.

Dr. Schirra's medical team reported no retention of liquid body water and no decrease in performance during his space flight. Elimination proceeded normally after three hours of weightlessness. Astronaut Schirra emphasized.

Astronaut John H. Glenn had reported earlier that he had some physiological variations and had done some prior to reentry only because he thought it was advisable.

Space medical experts have been convinced that body functioning might slow variations such as too long retention of urine or changes in the methods of flight, more than a few days of space flight. Harmful results have not been found.

CHEMISTRY
Fertilizer By-Product
From Ocean Water

> A NEW SOURCE of fertilizer will be minerals extracted, when sea water is converted to a fresh, drinkable water supply.

This is the prediction of Dr. Murrell Clarksville, of the U.S. Agricultural Chemistry Research at W. R. Grace and Company, Clarksville, Md.

It costs almost one dollar per thousand gallons to produce fresh water from the sea. This could be decreased by the value of mineral compounds which now handicap the economic use of sea water conversion. The amount of fresh water will be needed in 1975 as in 1960.

The compound, magnesium ammonium phosphate, precipitated from sea water, is valuable as a long-lasting fertilizer because it contains nitrogen and magnesium (essential for plant chlorophyll) and has a low solubility that permits efficient consumption by plants. The same fertilizer is also produced commercially from raw sea water.

Other markets for sea residues may come from chemical industries which need potassium, chlorine, caustic soda and metals. The only chemical that are now obtained from the sea are salt, magnesium and bromine.

METEOROLOGY
Electricity in Ice
Crystals Causes Lightning

> LIGHTNING can be blamed on the electricity in tiny ice crystals, water droplets and hailstones, Dr. R. J. Mason, University of London physicist, said in Endeavour, 21:156.

In wind tunnel experiments, ice crystals were blown against a single hailstone at speeds from approximately two to 60 miles an hour, which are the same as air currents in clouds. Ice crystals at lower temperatures took on positive charges. Leaving the hailstone, they carried a negative charge was dependent on the temperature difference between the crystal and hailstone.

Supercooled water droplets were also blown through the tunnel. They accumulated, frozen, on the hailstone surface.

During the freezing process, the droplets created positively charged particles. Electrical potential differences developed in the same pattern. Positive charges migrate to the colder regions in the cloud, negative charges to the slightly warmer ones.


- page 23 -

