PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
29 August 1962

2. LOCATION
Alexandria, Virginia

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local        GMT
30/0214Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual   □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual       □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes    ■ No

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 seconds

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Disk shaped obj with red light as bright as brightest star. Shiny. Stood still, changed speed & brightness in 15 sec. and sighting. Gave appearance of being solid. Blurred when moving. Round when observed. No sound. Random movement observed. First in NW & then disappearance over horizon in SW. Initial observation at 045dgr disappeared at 125 dgr & slowly down occurred when it was near a star.

7. SOURCE
Civilian

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
SW varied

11. COMMENTS
Distance & duration of sighting indicate meteor observation. However witness indicates marked deviation in course w/abrupt changes in flight path. Possible illusion. Speed changes attributed to the close approximation of the various stars in field of vision. The duration of 15 seconds for a meteor or possible meteor is questionable.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
■ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

Is in excess for typical meteor sighting but data not conclusive.

ATC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 59)


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repost information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same type may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
(Please Print)

SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: Aug 31 1962

[Handwritten text, partially illegible, appears to describe an observation of something in the sky. Some words are clear, but the full text cannot be completely transcribed due to partial illegibility.]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

A. Slow white spot just west of
B. Turn N at end of a straight course to C.
C. Turn S at followed a straight course to C.
D. Turn C at followed a straight course to S. slow curve and turn at the point
E. Slow S.E. followed a straight course to E.
F. Turn E.F. at the midleft star of the group. S.E. still followed on a straight course between stars.
G. Turn F. at west one straight course to G.
H. Then where we lost it, in new space area we in the way. Slow partly away of the path. S.E. was moving to F. to be right.

[The rest of the text is partially illegible or cut off at the bottom of the page]

The page also contains a diagram/sketch of what appears to be a path or trajectory marked with points and letters corresponding to the text description.


- page 3 -

I apologize, but the text in this image is extremely small and blurry, making it essentially illegible. While the document appears to be a dense table or chart with multiple columns and rows, I cannot confidently transcribe any specific text from this image. The document looks like it might be some kind of data log or report, but the details are not clear enough to read accurately.


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?? 
8   1962   Year
Day   Month

2. Time of day: ____   ____
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern*   (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                b. Central             b. Standard
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Alexandria                   Virginia
    City or Town               State or Country

Additional remarks:

5. How long was object in sight?           15
                                        Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure
                        d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                          NIGHT
a. Bright                    a. Bright
b. Cloudy                    b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
              b. In back of you     e. Overhead
              c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD JUL 61 164   This form supersedes ATIC 164, Feb 60, which is obsolete.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: ____________

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: ____________

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):   a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses         Yes   No
b. Sun glasses        Yes   No
c. Windshield         Yes   No
d. Window glass       Yes   No

e. Binoculars         Yes   No
f. Telescope          Yes   No
g. Theodolite         Yes   No
h. Other              Yes   No


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: no sound
    b. Color: It appeared to have red and light white color and red

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place on arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                 b. Like a bright star
                 c. Sharply outlined
                 d. Don't remember
    e. Other: Appeared to be somewhat like a flame

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 7 -

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.

[There is a simple hand-drawn path diagram in the space for question 20, showing a roughly diagonal line with a slight curve]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How far were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes ___ No ___

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ______ degrees.
b. From horizon ______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ______ degrees.
b. From horizon ______ degrees.


- page 9 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to similar sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? National Space and Aeronautics Association

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses: [Redacted/blacked out]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Partially illegible handwritten text, appears to say something like: "I think it was some kind of... something... I can't remember that I could..."]


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes    No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes    No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:
ADDRESS:                                   Alexandria                   City

TELEPHONE NUMBER:

Age:        Sex: male

18 & 17 Sept. 5, 1962

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
I'll tell when in high school this gave me little then I was under a while. I have a library and I after my 20 years I spent 3 years with the Army. I was a motor to west and my work and we stayed up to 2:00 AM. I'm not 20 and I work at B & B last week like

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:         Day         Month         Year


- page 12 -

