The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book archive, which documents a UFO sighting report.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 29 November 1962
2. LOCATION: West Union, Ohio
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: 30/03002
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 minutes
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. COURSE: not rptd
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Green & red glowing obj.
9. CONCLUSIONS: [Multiple options are checked] Possible Balloon, Probably Balloon, Was Aircraft, Was Probably Aircraft, Was Astronomical, Was Probably Astronomical, Insufficient data for evaluation.
10. COMMENTS: Green & red glowing obj. in sight for 30 mins. rptd to other information indicated other rpt. insufficient data for evaluation.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data) form, with a section for the observer's name, signature, and date.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET 
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may request that your name information that you believe to be important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size as this one may be attached if they are needed.

NAME MR. (Please Print)
SIGNATURE
DATE FEB - 29 NOV 62

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena observed by individuals.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer the questions as completely as you can. This information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 2/16/62
2. Time of day: 2300 HOURS (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you, when you saw the object? OHIO
Additional remarks: REPORT OF SOME PROGRESS, BUT COULD NOT DUPLICATE SIGHTINGS. HAVE NOT SEEN OBJECT AGAIN FOR OVER 2 MONTHS.
5. How long was object in sight? Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Guessed d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear b. Cloudy NIGHT: c. Clear d. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember
FTD FORM JUL 61 164 This form supersedes ATIC 165, FEB 50, which is obsolete.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a questionnaire with several questions about observations of objects at night.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Full moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still or any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
...
[The questionnaire continues with several more questions about the observed object.]

- page 4 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular page. 

Text extracted from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound _______
b. Color _______ GREEN and RED GLOW _______

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc.; and specifically show the trail or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Sharply outlined
                    b. Like a bright star
                    c. Slightly outlined
                    d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old report document, possibly related to Project Blue Book, with questions and blank spaces for the observer to fill in their responses.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out.

Page 9

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
    a. Inside a building
    b. In a car  
    c. Outdoors
    d. In an airplane (type)
    e. At sea

26. Where were you (Circle One)
    a. In the business section of a city?
    b. In the residential section of a city?
    c. In open country/field?
    d. Near an airport?
    e. Flying over a city?
    f. Flying over open country?

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
    (blank space for response)

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
    28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
        a. North
        b. Northeast
        c. East
        d. Southeast
        e. South
        f. Southwest
        g. West
        h. Northwest
    28.2 How fast were you moving? ________ miles per hour.
    28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
        Yes
        No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
    a. North
    b. Northeast
    c. East
    d. Southeast
    e. South
    f. Southwest 
    g. West
    h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
    a. North
    b. Northeast
    c. East
    d. Southeast
    e. South
    f. Southwest
    g. West
    h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from the horizon (elevation).
    31.1 When it first appeared: _________ degrees.
    31.2 When it disappeared: _________ degrees.

- page 7 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line representing the horizon (skyline) and an object above it, with instructions to place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when the observer first saw it. The second sketch shows a larger view, with an "A" and a "B" marking different positions of the observed object. The instructions indicate that the larger sketch is an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a similar sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, with a form that the witness filled out.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)         WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Clear sky                a. Dry
b. Hazy                   b. Fog, mist, or light rain 
c. Scattered clouds           c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds       d. Snow
                          e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a questionnaire form filled out.

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street West Union                  Zone Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER

Age Sex 
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent. 
Reported through Mr. ___ of Clinton Co. OAPB 
to OAPB Staff Duty Officer

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: Day Month Year

- page 10 -

