The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 7. NOVEMBER 1962
2. LOCATION WOBURN, MASSACHUSETTS
3. DATE-TIME GROUP 21/1902Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION GROUND-VISUAL
5. PHOTOS 0 Yes
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 3 MINUTES
9. COURSE O Straight
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING OBJECT viewed for 3 minutes, golden orange color, black exterior, appeared to be pulsating. Observed from building in city.
11. CONCLUSIONS Insufficient data, object too far away for proper observation.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph or image present in the provided document. 

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared to obtain as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information that you provide may be used to help answer questions or provide clues that will aid in the solution of any outstanding aerial phenomenon cases. The information collected will be treated in confidence, and will not be used in any legal action, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that this personal information not be shared or used for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2 Nov 62

2. Time of day: 7 AMD

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
d. Mountain 

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted] in WOBURN, MASS.

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5 MINUTES

5.1 How was time in sight determined? BY A WATCH

5.2 Was distance changed? YES

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY - BRIGHT STAR - NIGHT - CLOUDY

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? 
TO YOUR RIGHT

Form FTD DCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with multiple choice answers.

OCR Output:
8. IF you saw the object or NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. None
b. 1 STARS (Circle One)
c. Many 
d. Don't remember

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark 
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds 

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared to change in brightness, was it brighter or dimmer than the surrounding area? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
(Illegible text)

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred 
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

The image appears to contain a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is a hand-drawn diagram in the bottom half of the page, but no actual photograph.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Type of disappearance Slowly disappeared toward the horizon.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No sound
b. Color: Solid gray with black exhaust
c. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object such as a building. Compare the size of the object to the length of the match. How much of the match would the object have covered? About 1 1/2 inches.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially exhaust trails or the direction the object was moving.

The handwritten diagram depicts an arrow-shaped or triangular object with an exhaust trail, moving from left to right.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document contains a questionnaire with questions related to the sighting of a UFO, such as the speed, distance, and location of the object, as well as the observer's actions and observations.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES - No - If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? approx. 600 ft.
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES - No - If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Approx. 2,000 ft
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other Interior of building
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city b. In the residential section of a city c. In open country d. Near an airfield e. Flying over open country f. Other 9. Other - interior of building
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle all that apply) a. Eyeglasses Yes (No) b. Sun glasses Yes (No) c. Windshield Yes (No) d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes (No) f. Telescope Yes (No) g. Camera h. Other Plain eye sight
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words your observation of the object or objects which pleased up in the sky. would give the same appearance as this:
If you can find more could put it over or they would put fire put-

The full text of the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes (No) If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? approx. 600 ft.
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) (Yes) No - If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Approx. 2,000 ft
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other Interior of building 
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city b. In the residential section of a city c. In open country d. Near an airfield e. Flying over open country f. Other 9. Other - interior of building
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) (Yes) No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle all that apply) a. Eyeglasses (Yes) b. Sun glasses (Yes) c. Windshield (Yes) d. Window glass (Yes) No e. Binoculars (Yes) f. Telescope (Yes) g. Camera h. Other Plain eye sight
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words your observation of the object or objects which pleased up in the sky. would give the same appearance as this: If you can find more could put it over or they would put fire put-

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram and illustrations. The diagram appears to be an illustration instructing the viewer to draw a picture showing the motion and trajectory of an object or objects in the sky, based on the angles and directions provided. There are also questions related to the number of objects observed and their movement.

The text found in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line that shows the horizon (skyline) where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" where you first saw the object and a "B" on the compass to show the direction you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the point, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were moving, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing only handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 22 MAY 1963
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your experience:

A band of light around the bottom which came from the hanging object. The project which extended in a arc from the hanging section. Light brighter than the bright sunlight. A sick cool feeling after looking at it. My God, what was it? Very unusual in appearance. With a Peep-Like Sound, and a loud buzzing nature. It was exactly stationary and reflected no radiation. And many other ufo sightings over many years. Burrington denied such sightings. (Also denied a friend's similar account. He has since passed on). With God as my witness, I could evaluate it unlike anything I have ever seen in the human eye. UFO sightings encounter's in the western hemisphere Unique and unidentifiable shape.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcribed text:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
RUTH, MR. ASTOR, PARENTS BY MET RADAR (?)

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
Name: [redacted]
Last Name: [redacted]
First Name: [redacted] 
ADDRESS: [redacted], [redacted] Street, [redacted], [redacted], Zone [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 23
SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which:

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? (What day, to whom, etc.)
NOV. 9, 1962, LOCAL POLICE DEPT., WOBURN, MASS.

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. There is a photograph included in the document, which shows the description of a "Flying Egg In Massachusetts" sighting. The photograph depicts a flat object on the bottom, with a black band near the lower edge and a projection or protrusion on it. The text describes this object as being seen over Woburn, Massachusetts on November 8, 1962 by a witness named Charles F. Kirk Jr.

OCR Output:
Flying Egg In Massachusetts
Charles F. Kirk, Jr., of Woburn, Mass., reported to the Woburn Times, Woburn, Mass., that on the 8th of November, 1962, he had sighted a "streamlined egg-shape object" that hovered over Woburn for several minutes between 6 and 6:10 p.m. He said it looked like a streamlined object with a projection (or protrusion) on the side. It slowly changed position and estimated its altitude at less than 200 feet. Kirk, who is a machinist and carpenter for the Wells Machine Company, was working on one of the company's new building on Salem Street when he noticed the strange object. He said it seemed to reflect a bluish-green light and was about 10 feet long, 20 feet wide and about 15 feet in height. But, he added, that exact size was much larger. It was obviously upset by his encounter, and he described his "weird feeling" of being watched. (See article about Barney Hill sighting). He said he thought he saw the object twice more but couldn't be sure.
The object was shallow, flat on the bottom, with a black band near the lower edge and a projection or protrusion on it. This strange object (the same one?) was seen by others, according to the local news. Except for the building, the article doesn't mention any other details.

- page 9 -

