PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
7 Jul 58

2. LOCATION
New York, New York

3. DAYTIME GROUP
Local 05.0 P.M.

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 sec.

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Dull white obj bright as electric light, tumbling no sound. Obj sighted falling to earth, speed estimated 1000 ft. per second.

6. SOURCE
Civilian

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
NW

11. COMMENTS
Sighting has characteristics of meteor.

12. CONCLUSIONS
[Checkboxes include: Probably Balloon, Possibly Balloon, Was Aircraft, Possibly Aircraft, Was Astronomical, Probably Astronomical, Possibly Astronomical, Other, Insufficient Data for Evaluation, Unknown]


- page 1 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
3     July     1962
Day     Month     Year     The Weather Bureau
                            The Hayden Planetarium

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Miss [redacted]
New York 21, N.Y.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes     No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
It could have been a reflection of sunlight on molecules of the atmosphere.


- page 3 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 100 ... 200

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 10 miles

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] New York City 21 Zone N.Y.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
Age [redacted] Sex Female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
I have completed elementary school, junior high, and the first two grades of high school. I am now entering the junior year of high school with a past average of 90%.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 26 July 1962


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use
the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-
peat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments,
statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observa-
tion in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached
if they are needed.

NAME:                                                                 (Do Not Write in This Space)
                                                                      CODE:
SIGNATURE:
DATE: 7/26/62

Seen: July 2, 1962; 9:30 P.M. Eastern Daylight Savings Time
New York, Central Park Mall
Seen for about two seconds moving from north to northwest
The object looked like a lighted electric light


- page 5 -

July 23, 1962

Dear Miss [redacted]

Regarding your recent letter pertaining to an unidentified aerial sighting, please complete in detail and in duplicate the attached FTD Form 164 and mail it back to me. This information will be used to analyse your sighting.

The latest Department of Defense Fact Sheet is enclosed for your information.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM J. LEOKADCO
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information


- page 6 -

New York 21, N. Y.
July 11, 1962

Bureau of Unidentified Flying Objects
Pentagon, Washington D.C.

Gentlemen:

As spokesmen for the Zoological Astronomical Terranauctical Association I, Miss [redacted], and the president, Miss [redacted] feel there is a matter that should come to your attention. We would like to report two celestial occurrences which neither the Hayden Planetarium, nor the Weather Bureau, nor any of the newspapers could satisfactorily explain.

The first incident was seen by both [redacted] and myself, on July 2, 1962. The object in the sky took the form of a lighted electric light bulb. It had no tail, but it gave the appearance of making a streak behind it as any rapidly moving light does. It was seen in Manhattan, above Central Park Mall at approximately 9:30.

It seemed very low in the sky(e.g. slightly lower than standard airplanes). It went from east to west, but it did not come from the horizon. It moved a short distance near the pointers of Ursa Major, and then vanished.

The second incident was seen by another member and myself. It took place at approximately 9:45, on


- page 7 -

July 9, 1962. The object in point was the size of the average car as it appears to us, and it was high in the sky. It was viewed from a point in Central Park near 72nd. St. It travelled from horizon to horizon, the Southwest, to the Northeast. It was very similar to the Bobo satellite of last year.

We feel it necessary to bring this information to you. We hope you will quench our thirst for knowledge concerning the matter at hand by explaining, if possible, these two incidents.

Sincerely,
[Redacted text for signature and title]


- page 8 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?    2    July    1962
                Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day:    9    30    Minutes
                Hour        (Circle One):    A.M.    or    P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One):    a. Eastern    (Circle One):    a. Daylight Saving
                b. Central            b. Standard
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
    Nearest Postal Address:    New York    New York
                City or Town    State or Country

    Additional remarks:    Central Park, on the Mall

5. How long was object in sight?    2    Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
    a. Certain    c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly Certain    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                NIGHT
    a. Bright            a. Bright
    b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    (Circle One):    a. In front of you    d. To your left
                    b. In back of you    e. Overhead
                    c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FORM    FTD JUL 61 164    This form supersedes ATIC 164, Feb 60, which is obsolete.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. Starlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
Yes, it was as bright as a lighted electric light.

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: ________________

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of: ________________

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Wind. glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Microscope   Yes   No
h. Other        Yes   No


- page 10 -

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound - There was none
b. Color - White

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
               b. Like a bright star
               c. Sharply outlined
               d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Page 3 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 11 -

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar? As large as a nickel, as an electric light, except round.

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object, and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match's head?
About 1/6 would be covered by the match's head.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
It vanished without leaving a trail behind it.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
If an object were to move at a terrific speed, at an altitude a little less than the average airplane, and appear to a viewer to be about the size of an electric light, then would approximately look like the object that was seen.

Page 4 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other:

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other in a park in a city

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was looking for the North Star. I followed the pointers of the Big Dipper, and then the object appeared.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest    i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest    i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.


- page 13 -

