PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
20 October 1962

2. LOCATION
Wells, Maine

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
GMT 21/0430Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
XX Ground-Visual

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 seconds 6 seconds

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object that appeared to be a meteor leaving a trail, or two trails - one from each side. Suddenly increased in size and became circular. Had points of light. Object dimmed after about 2 seconds. Sparks trailing. Almost disappeared. Three times during flight. Trail appearing to glow remained for about 5-8 minutes after object was gone. Dogs barked and howled although sound not audible to witness.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon

Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft

Was Astronomical Meteor
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other:
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Witness indicates object was like meteor or decay; however, was curious at the persistence of the trail. No reported decay for this data. Case considered as possible meteor observation.


- page 1 -

Wells, Maine
October 24, 1962

Department of the Air Force
Intelligence & Flying Objects Department
Washington D.C.

Dear Gentlemen:

On the night of October 20° at approximately 11:30 PM I was following a road near through a small field in Wells, Maine when I saw a light hovering and near completely in the sky that appeared to begin with to be a meteor leaving a very distinct trail behind it. In fact it appeared to be leaving two trails, one from each side, which merged into one. Then suddenly it opened up into an object about the size of a dime and stayed this way during most of the duration of the flight. The object appeared to be, as near, about the size of a dime, circular in platform, and with high pointed light out. It was preceded by a small "flow" of light and tail of light both of which seemed to leave a trace (rather wide) until the object disappeared and when visible for about 2 seconds afterwards. It did not give out quickly or the trails of meteor I have seen. It dimmed out taking about 2 to 3 seconds to do so. The object itself was visible about 3 seconds, and there was a few sparks.

(over)


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

(21)

The smoke trail moved in a north east to north direction to a point about 80° from the northern horizon about 50° from the eastern horizon. (Moved 20° at least from original position in a northerly direction.)

The second organization from about where the point was, 70° degree above eastern horizon 80° above southern and traveled about 30° in a slight curve - to a position to a point about 60° altitude northern horizon about 50° from eastern.

I don't know what these would like to know.

I think some good guess might be:

"A meteorite or fireball"

However the profile appeared to be skipping as a decomposing satellite or satellite cursor might do as it entered, burned off, and scattered the earth's atmosphere. Approximately 30 second after I saw the first object I did notice what appeared to be a satellite moving along what the same line of flight only higher displaced about 70%), from N.E. horizon moving in opposite direction (from west to east) and moving nothing unusual.

So a. Then the possibility of a cord before of satellite or satellite cursor breaking. Chiefly, because of the fact that no motion or meteorite have no cloud, especially one that ends with a spiral.


- page 3 -

The object appeared to move very - at least three
times during its flight before it disappeared entirely.
It got setting at a trail of smoke or particle
which appeared to glow. This was wide 5 & 28 yards
during most the transit (which - range approx.
crudely consistent of one turn.

About three minutes after I saw the first object
(with smoke that was faintly apparent) I saw some-
thing that appeared to go about the same angle as a
parabola in less and less angles or scene.

Particularly the time sounds were intermingled, which
occurred while watching the first object.

We were hand with this second object
when the object went over all dogs in the area
barked and many howled violently for some two to three
times.

We are one the approximate position of
the object. The point was sighted approximately
70° up from the eastern horizon and travels from
N.E. by E. to S.W. at about 65° above the eastern
horizon following a course about 30° degrees off from
very slightly E.N.E. The line of flight was about
80° above southern horizon or the average jour-
ing about 40° above southeastern horizon terminating
about 70° above.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

The second object could of been an elevation or part of the first which was thrown up around by initial contact with earth's atmosphere, was in about contact with first became left neutral of light and or smoke & hardly some sound.

would it be possible for part of an object to be thrown upwards later to fall back 3 meters later under conditions like this?

also would a meteor have points of light in an already undoubtedly bright burning up of itself?

one more point. I'm not sure about this because I really notice but it seemed to me that many big in this area was or that looking after I noticed the object. I have dogcon law ultrasonic sounds. Do you suppose they know this?

If you send me their address I would be glad to let known this info to any U.F.O. clubs.

Yours sincerely,

[Bottom of page contains some partially illegible stamped/typed markings and a blacked out section]


- page 5 -

