PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 16 November 1962

2. LOCATION: Madison, Tennessee

3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 17/0120Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS: Yes

6. SOURCE: Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 17 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 2-3

9. COURSE: South

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Obj like huge star of mag -8 lasting about 8 seconds observed to break into 2 objs of about third magnitude. Sighted east moving south. Yellowish white. Sighting included impression of explosion, covered 20 dgr arc in 15 seconds, while moving toward the south. Gave impression of reflecting light rather than being self-luminous. Did not think it was an a/c.

11. COMMENTS:
Speed indicates that obj was a meteor. Amateur star gazeteer should be aware of meteor characteristics. Form to bolide observation & case considered as a probable meteor sighting.

12. CONCLUSIONS:
[Checkboxes for various classifications, with no boxes checked]


- page 1 -

Report Sheet for U.F.O.

Madison, Tennessee, U.S.A.
Nov. 16, 1962

8:20 P.M. Sighting lasted about 17 seconds, dark night

My Location: Latitude - 36째10' North
               Longitude - 86째45' West
               100 feet above sea level

Appearance of Scene(s) - Like a huge size
Point with very large radiating points. West
magnitude -8, only lasted about 8 seconds, after
7 seconds large white after thing faded into 2
small points. Moved 22 points in 2nd magnitude. Moved on
toward South

Facing toward East
Hazy to covered by clouds, all cloudy except
in patches. Objects color level of clouds. Heavy
status was the cloud type

Sun or moon was not shining
First 8 seconds later

Shape of Scene - NW

* Pulled life on 24 spin.


- page 2 -

Report Blank for U.F.O.

The direction of the source did not coincide with the direction of the winds.
It couldn't have been a complicated playing
on a newly invisible cloud layer.

Please rush reply!

Yours sincerely,
[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 3 -

Report Sheet for UFO

Altitude of source above horizon - 120째
Apparent size of source - Dull object sighted
Size of source at arms length, objects
second sighted size of pea held at arms
length.

Motion of source - From where I was at
apparent to be moving from north to
south.

Estimated rate of motion - 20째 away 15 seconds
Source did not appear to be self-luminous
It didn't possess a well-defined
It reflected like a mirror.
It wasn't positively transparent.

The observation was confirmed by only me.
I just stayed in one place and did not
move around.

The source wasn't near the sun, or
the moon.
There wasn't a halo around the sun.

Personal remarks - I am an amateur (an says
and an amateur meteorologist) have seen
many different type of meteor quite
previously and never seen a phenomenon
like this. Also source was viewed 15-20
miles away. I don't think it's an illusion
but you folks know more about it than I do.


- page 4 -

