PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
6 Jul 62

2. LOCATION
Cheverly, Maryland

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2305 Standard

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
7 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
NB

GMT 07/0503Z

9. COURSE
NB

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Appearing as bright light in sky beginning near ground level rising rapidly at an angle of about 45 degrees. Disappeared by going out or light. Seemed to move in a zigzag manner.

11. COMMENTS
This is over Baltimore at 0503 GMT. Can be seen by many witnesses. Possibly satellite. More likely an illusion of some kind. Possible atmospheric phenomenon by using out of focus light. Possible meteor.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Insufficient Data for Evaluation

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

The text on this page is too small and blurry to be legibly read through OCR. The only clear text is "Blue Book" vertically written on the left side of the document. The rest of the page appears to be a dense grid or table with very small text that is not discernible.


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
   Day: JULY   Month: 1962   Year: 1962
   
2. Time of day: 2355 - 2312
   (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One):
   a. Eastern
   b. Central
   c. Mountain
   d. Pacific
   e. Other

   (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
               b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
   [Location details are blacked out]
   City or Town: E
   State or Country: [Partially illegible]

5. How long was object in sight?
   Hours: [blank]   Minutes: [blank]   Seconds: [blank]

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   DAY:
   a. Bright
   b. Cloudy

   NIGHT:
   a. Bright
   b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One):
   a. In front of you
   b. In back of you
   c. To your right
   d. To your left
   e. Overhead
   f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
JUL 61 164   This form supersedes ATIC 164, Feb 60, which is obsolete.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
[Handwritten response appears to be: Yes, it was Bright]

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into ports or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [blank]

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: [appears to say "STARS"]

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No

e. Binoculars       Yes   No
f. Telescope        Yes   No
g. Theodolite       Yes   No
h. Other            [blank]


- page 4 -

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: [text appears to be "none" or "white light"]
b. Color: WHITE LIGHT

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, perturbation, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A simple line drawing of an object is present in the sketch area]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
             b. Like a bright star
             c. Sharply outlined
             d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[A small dot is present in the sketch area for this question]

Page 3 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
END OF PENCIL ERASER

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
ABOUT 3/4

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
JUST WENT OUT OF SIGHT

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words as a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
SITTING OUTSIDE & SAW OVER TREES

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South                 g. West
b. Northeast             d. Southeast            f. Southwest             h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South                 g. West
b. Northeast             d. Southeast            f. Southwest             h. Northwest
                                                                           i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South                 g. West
b. Northeast             d. Southeast            f. Southwest             h. Northwest
                                                                           i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.


- page 7 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch on an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6


- page 8 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? AT LEAST 1200 FT

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER
Age                Sex
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day             Month             Year


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Partially filled out, but text is not clearly legible]

NASA
FTD

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Blank]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Partially filled out, but text is not clearly legible]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Blank]


- page 10 -

