PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
26 August 1962

2. LOCATION
Casper, Wyoming

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 27/0634Z
GMT: 27/0634Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual ☒
Air-Visual ☐

Ground-Radar ☐
Air-Intercept Radar ☐

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1-2 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
ONE

9. COURSE
West

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Obj appearing as a light flashed on and off in sight 1-2 seconds. Passed out of sight when view was blocked by oil storage tank. No sound. Color of match flame. Like ball of fire. High speed. Just a light going on & off.

11. COMMENTS
Meteor sighting. Speed, duration & flight indication. This evaluation dimming or going out in middle of flight unusual at though occasionally possible that this was obscured by weather conditions at the time. Dull moon & a few stars were out.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☒ Was Astronomical Meteor
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
26th August 1962

2. Time of day:
11 26
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Casper Wyoming
Nearest Postal Address: City or Town                 State or Country
Additional remarks: [partially illegible text]

5. How long was object in sight?
           Hours           Minutes           15-20 Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                NIGHT
a. Bright                          a. Bright
b. Cloudy                          b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you      e. Overhead
             c. To your right       f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
JUL 61 164   This form supersedes ATIC 164, Feb 60, which is obsolete.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
    a. None
    b. A few
    c. Many
    d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. Bright moonlight
    b. Dull moonlight
    c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
    d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
    (Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? 

11. Did the object:                                   (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?              Yes   No   Don't Know
    b. Suddenly speed up and run away at any time?    Yes   No   Don't Know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?                 Yes   No   Don't Know
    d. Give off smoke?                                 Yes   No   Don't Know
    e. Change brightness?                              Yes   No   Don't Know
    f. Change shape?                                   Yes   No   Don't Know
    g. Flash or flicker?                               Yes   No   Don't Know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                         Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
    [Handwritten text partially illegible]

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear:   (Circle One):   a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No
    b. Sun glasses      Yes   No
    c. Windshield       Yes   No
    d. Window glass     Yes   No

    e. Binoculars       Yes   No
    f. Telescope        Yes   No
    g. Theodolite       Yes   No
    h. Other            Yes   No


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound _____ (partially illegible text)
b. Color _____ (partially illegible text)

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

(A hand-drawn sketch of a circular object with "west" written next to it)

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
             b. Like a bright star
             c. Sharply outlined
             d. Don't remember

e. Other _____ (partially illegible text)

(Appears to be option "c" sharply outlined is circled)

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

(This section is blank)


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[Handwritten drawing with "Light on" and "Light off" annotations]

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

[Handwritten response, partially illegible]

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

[Handwritten response]

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten response describing a small light, with some details about its movement and appearance]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other (specifically) on the front porch of this building

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other (specifically) northwest of Casper

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was on the porch of this building getting a cup to go outside when I saw this light. This light caught my eye and I just happened to look up and see it.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 e. South
b. Northeast             f. Southwest
c. East                  g. West
d. Southeast             h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North                 e. South
b. Northeast             f. Southwest
c. East                  g. West
d. Southeast             h. Northwest
                         i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North                 e. South
b. Northeast             f. Southwest
c. East                  g. West
d. Southeast             h. Northwest
                         i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North     45°     degrees,    Northeast
b. From horizon        30°     degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North     40°     degrees,    Northeast
b. From horizon        30°     degrees.


- page 6 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch on as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6


- page 7 -

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Sunday 26th August 1962

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes (No)

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten text appears to read: "I think it was some kind of satellite or some piece of one. I'm not believing the flight was so or from some other made object."]

Page 7 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 8 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1500 6 200 MPH

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 75 miles

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted] Casper City, Zone Wyoming

TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
Age 43 Sex Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
My flying service was in 209th Hqq
My Rank was 1st Sergeant
My education High school by correspondence course
through the American School, Chicago, Ill.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 25th Oct. 1962


- page 9 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-post information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: [Redacted]

Specific answers requested in addition to those normally required:
Direction, Distance and Height of Tank: Particular 75 ft. high
Relative size of Object: 2 ft. above 75 ft. distant
You indicated that the light was as bright as a match flame. At what distance: 75 yds.
Was the object over observed no response on this or changed direction?

[Handwritten text partially legible, appears to continue describing an observation]

Casper, Wyo.


- page 10 -

The text I can discern on this document is:

"Page 10"
"SHAPE"
Some other text appears to be handwritten but is too illegible to confidently transcribe.

The image appears to be a hand-drawn diagram or sketch with vertical and horizontal lines, and a small circular shape at the bottom of the page.


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

P. 16 b.

Dear Doc.

I send few 80 American 80 Company net Elgin Agency
By from my Brigadier was on leaving travel again.

I was evening (82-162) when I was seeing
100 to 300 ft. in front of me was about 100 to
200 ft. off the ground.

Will state that I was at table height and going
by that it seemed and then it came near again
at a full height of time, then went again.

Of the at about west the dark time my interest was
so hastily some think so I send will follow it.

From the first that I was it then go off their on
dark off took about 1 second. The time was 11:29 PM
mountain standard time.

As far as I could tell it was traveling the west
a steady flat to rising at our estimate of
1500 to 2000 miles. 5th light was about...

[Note: Some words are partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the document]


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

The flight was now well known about to long distance
off half it was we were very of a strange story.

The night does settle well and today send tell some
made me move with us we. Of best I believe was
any.

I thought for weeks that it was to maintain that
the more I thought about it the more I was convinced
that it could be. Incidentally I don't know the cause
and they are real bright.

I just want to send this so near wanting it
to HQ 3rd. Washington D.C. % Homats Bldg 4th only
out here to forward it to the proper person in person.

I am going to hunt these flight on my days off so
if you're interested please contact me at Casper, Wyoming.

Sincerely,

[Note: Some words are difficult to read with complete certainty due to the handwritten nature of the document. The text has been transcribed as accurately as possible.]


- page 13 -

United States Senate
COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS

September 4, 1962

Mr. James E. Webb, Administrator
National Aeronautics and Space
Administration
Fourth Street and Maryland Avenue, S. W.
Washington, D. C.

Dear Mr. Webb:

Enclosed is a copy of a letter received from [redacted] of Casper, Wyoming, the contents of which are self-explanatory.

I would appreciate it very much if you could furnish us any information which might explain the object which Mr. [redacted] describes.

Your early advice will be appreciated.

Sincerely yours,

Gale W. McGee
United States Senator

GWMcm
Enclosure


- page 14 -

NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

OFFICE OF THE ADMINISTRATOR

AC:DEL:64622-2

Foreign Technical Division
Code FTD-2
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Gentlemen:

We are sending you a letter from Senator Gale W. McGee
to Mr. James B. Walsh, Administrator, National Aeronautics
and Space Administration, and a report of a sighting of an
unidentified flying object made by [redacted]
[redacted]
Casper, Wyoming

for investigation by your office.

Please submit any report of your investigation, in
duplicate, to:

The Honorable Gale W. McGee
United States Senate
Washington 25, D. C.

Thank you for your cooperation in this matter.

Sincerely yours,

Paul G. Dembling
Director
Office of Legislative Affairs

Enclosures


- page 15 -

October 9, 1952

Dear Mr. [redacted]

Your letter to Senator Gale W. McGee has been referred to the Air Force.

Your letter contained insufficient information for an evaluation of your sighting. It is suggested that the attached questionnaire with additional questions necessary for analysis of this case be completed and returned to the following address:

Lt. Col. Robert Friend
Hq Foreign Technology Division
PO-3, ARDC
Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio

Your interest in this matter is appreciated.

Sincerely,

W. J. LOCKADOO
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information


- page 16 -

October 9, 1962

Dear Senator:

Reference letter from Mr. [redacted] regarding an unidentified flying object sighting.

Mr. [redacted] letter has been referred to this office for reply and we have forwarded him a detailed questionnaire to complete (sample attached). Upon receipt of the completed questionnaire, an attempt will be made to evaluate the sighting.

The results of evaluation will be forwarded at some later indefinite date for his information.

Sincerely,

W. J. LOCKADOO
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Div
Office of Information


- page 17 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO:
ATTN OF: TD-E/Col Wynn

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO: HQ USAF
SAFOI-36 (Major Hart)
Wash 25 DC

2 October 1962

1. The following information is provided to assist you in preparing a reply to Senator Gale W. McGee in behalf of his constituent

2. The attached letter from Mr. contained insufficient information for evaluation of his sightings. It is suggested that the attached questionnaire with additional questions necessary for analysis of this case be forwarded to Mr.

FOR THE COMMANDER

EDWARD H. WYNN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences
and Components

3 Atch
Itr fm
dtd 20 Sep 62
Itr fm
dtd 1 Sep 62
USAF Form 164 & additional
questions


- page 18 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TD-3/Col Wynn                                                2 October 1962
Request for UFO Information

HQ USAF
SAFOI-3b (Major Hart)
Wash 25 DC

1. The following information is provided to assist you in preparing a reply to Senator Gale W. McGee in behalf of his constituent

2. The attached letter from Mr. [redacted] contained insufficient information for evaluation. It is suggested that the attached questionnaire with additional questions necessary for analysis of this case be forwarded to Mr. [redacted] for completion and return to FTD.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
EDWARD M. WINN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

3 Atch
Ltr fm Paul G. Dembling, 
dtd 20 Sep 62
Ltr fm [redacted]
dtd 1 Sep 62
USAF Form 164 & additional
questions


- page 19 -

