PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
Apr 62

2. LOCATION
Brooklyn, New York

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT not noted

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No Yes

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not noted

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Witness who spt a UFO to the 1st Force station, this he had identified the obj as the planet Venus.
Mtd 27 Jan. No rpt received at PTD.

11. COMMENTS
Identified as planet Venus by witness.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Was Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

ATIC FORM 164 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Brooklyn 23, New York
June 27, 1962

Lt. Col. William J. Loakadoo
Public Information Division
Office of Information
Department of the Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Sir:

Recently I sent you a letter requesting assistance in identifying an object in our evening sky. Since then we have succeeded in identifying it as the planet Venus. Its brightness and the rapidity with which it crossed the sky, along with the presence of an orange glow and other weird impressions seem through binoculars gave us the impression that it was an aircraft of some sort travelling on the fringes of space. Recently, however, the moon has been in that portion of the sky and its position in relation to the object convinces us that the object is much further back than the moon. Since the planet Venus is reportedly visible in the evening sky, we have come to the conclusion that the object must be it.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]


- page 2 -

Brooklyn 25, New York
April 30, 1962

National Space Administration
Education Department
Washington 25, D.C.

Gentlemen:

Perhaps you can clear up a mystery of something in the sky which has been puzzling us. We noticed it for the first time about a week ago, but it probably has been up longer. At first we thought it was a star that within an hour it had passed beyond the horizon. Since it always appears in the same place at the same time, and follows the same course, we thought it might be a satellite, but a check of the New York Times showed that the only satellite visible was Echo I, at 6:05 P.M. E.S.T. This object appears over Brooklyn from approximately 6:15 to 7:15 E.S.T., or longer. A check with the Hayden Planetarium discounted the possibility of this object being a star or planet.

A satellite would not take an hour to cross the sky. They suggested the object might be either an aircraft or a weather balloon, but at times it always followed the same course, they said it probably was not a weather balloon, but some sort of aircraft. A check with the Air National Guard at Floyd Bennett Field, when we again saw the object on Friday, could shed no light on the matter. They didn't know or seem to care. I then checked with Idlewild Airport, who suggested I call the F.A.A. At which I did. The F.A.A. didn't know. I am writing the letter for the sake of identifying this object.

The following is, to the best of my knowledge, a description of the object:
It can be seen by the naked eye and gives the impression of being a large star. Upon examination with a pair of binoculars it appears to be "U" shaped (perhaps wings of an aircraft?). and has an orange glow (jet fumes), reflected sunlight, or the possibility of it travelling on the outskirts of a hemisphere.

The position of the object on the map is as follows: Assuming that Flatbush Avenue runs North and South, and that Prospect Park is due West, this object can be seen due West at about 60° or 70° above the horizon, travelling slightly Northern direction before it disappears beyond the distant buildings (see map).

We believe it probably is some air force craft but since it always appears at the same time and always follows the same course, we thought it might be something in orbit. Anyway, we thought you might be able to explain this object.

Sincerely,

P.S. Now that it is Eastern Daylight Savings Time it appears an hour later.


- page 3 -

May 11, 1962

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

This is in reply to your recent letter inquiring about a flying object that you have been unable to identify.

Since the flight path is not that of our Sino satellite, as you noted on your map, I am forwarding your inquiry to the Office of Nazi Services, Department of the Air Force, Department of the Army, The Pentagon, Washington 25, D. C.

Very sincerely yours,

[Signature block redacted]
Educational Services Branch
Office of Educational Programs and Services

Mr. [redacted]
Brooklyn 25, New York


- page 4 -

20 May 1962

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Your letter concerning an unidentified flying object sighting has been referred to this office for reply.

I have enclosed the Air Force form used to investigate and analyze unidentified flying object sightings. Please fill in all the information you have and which is attached, and mail it to Lt. Col. Robert Friend at Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

Also enclosed is the recent Department of Defense fact sheet which is based on the findings of investigations conducted by the Air Force.

I hope this material will be of value to you.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM J. LOCCACEO
1st Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Inclosures

Mr. [redacted]
Brooklyn 25, New York


- page 5 -

