PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
17 Mar 62

2. LOCATION
E Orange, NJ

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT 17/2335Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual   ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual      ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☐ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 yr old heard noise

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
9

9. COURSE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Obj appeared as light. Moved in straight
path. Am in E 5A. Faded in 3 min. Rocket around some more and saw 3 other lights.
Flight night with full moon.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☒ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Observation and flight characteristics indicate possible a/c sighting.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 28 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day    March    Month    16    Day    1962    Year    To The Air Force

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]
East Orange, NJ

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Don't know

Page 7


- page 2 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS St. East Orange   Zone   N.J.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
Age 10   Sex M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
31   March   '62
day   month   year


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use
the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments,
statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached
if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: March 21, 1962

The information on this form plus
the information in our first letter covers
all the information and facts.


- page 4 -

East Orange, NJ
March 17, 1962

Dear Sir,

Last night I observed something in the sky that might be of some interest to you.

At thirty last night (March 16), I heard a noise high in the sky. As I looked up, I saw a light in the sky that moved across the sky. It moved in a south westerly direction, and was out of sight in approximately four minutes.

After the light disappeared another "object" with my light came from the direction from which the first light disappeared. This object traveled at a greater speed going from west to east. At a distance and surrounding this object were smoke and bright sparkling flecks.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Dear Mack[redacted]

Thank you for your letter 3/17/62 in a.m. Would you ask the files, complete the enclosed 110 from 164 p.m. then mail them as we might have an opportunity to answer this right away. The case of others also saw the same object, would you please have their file in the additional forms? Again, thank you.

Sincerely,
[Signature/Initial]

Encl:
to AFCRC for further
local file of friend of PD

Accomplished by
[partially illegible text at bottom]


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
17 March 1962

2. Time of day:
6 35
Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
East Orange, New Jersey
Nearest City or Town    State or Country

Additional remarks:

5. How long was object in sight?
3 Minutes
Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain ✓

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy ✓ full moon

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
b. In back of you    e. Overhead
c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD JUL 61 164    This form supersedes ATIC 164, Feb 60, which is obsolete.


- page 7 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. No
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
YES

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Brock up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flare or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
No   Don't Know
No   Don't Know
No   Don't Know
No   Don't Know
Yes  Don't Know
Yes  Don't Know
No   Don't Know
No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)
It moved behind:   Yes   No   Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)
In front of:   Yes   No   Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses  Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other        Yes   No


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound - Crack of a gun or backfire of a car.
    b. Color - White and shiny

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of this object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an oval/elliptical shape with annotations and an arrow indicating movement to the SW]

Annotations on sketch:
- oval shaped tight
- completely stationary
- except for small
- dark spot
- dark spot

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One)   a. Fuzzy or Blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Four

    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Handwritten notes:
- The "four" objects never appeared together at any given time
- 1st went from NE to SW
- 2nd appeared in the E and moved in small area
- 3rd appeared in the E, more to the south the second
- 4th appeared in the N


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
1st died out - faded away

24. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
a light bulb without the socket


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
It made a noise and we looked up.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South                g. West
b. Northeast             d. Southeast            f. Southwest            h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ________________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South                g. West
b. Northeast             d. Southeast            f. Southwest            h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South                g. West
b. Northeast             d. Southeast            f. Southwest            h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true north (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 12 -

