The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings as part of Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated Unidentified Flying Objects.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
2. LOCATION
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
9
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
8. COURSE
9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Initially saw 3 bright red lights in a triangle formation. As they moved, additional lights appeared until there was a total of 9 lights.
10. CONCLUSIONS
Unknown
11. COMMENTS
Unknown

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

HEADQUARTERS
1611 AIR TRANSPORT WING (MATS)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
REPLY TO
ATTN OF:	VGIO 

SUBJECT:	Unidentified Flying Object Report 	19 July 1962

TO:	Air Technical Intelligence Ctr
	Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
	Ohio

1.  The following report is submitted in accordance with AFR 200-2
dated 14 September 1959.

2.  Through inquiry, it was disclosed that the flying object sighted
was identified as an advertising aircraft which was using micrones. 

3.  Reference paragraph 15, AFR 200-2, the following is submitted:

a.  Description of Object
(1) Elliptical incandescent band of light.
(2) n/a
(3) n/a
(4) One
(5) n/a
(6) Looked like a small blip with a red light on top.
(7) n/a
(8) Sound similar to jet
(9) n/a

b.  Description of Course of Object
(1) Unknown
(2) About 2,000 feet (Viewed from 10th floor apartment)
(3) n/a

MATS - THE NATION'S ONLY STRATEGIC AIRLIFT FORCE

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

(a) West South West
(b) Slowly, West South West
(c) Object in view 1/2 to 6 minutes (Slow)
c. Manner of Observation
(1) Ground-visual
(2) n/a
(3) n/a
d. Time and Date of Sighting
(1) Time unknown
(2) Night condition
e. Location of Observer: Newark/South Orange boundary line.
f. Identifying Information on Observer
(1) Civilian - Mrs. Tessas. Age and occupation unknown
(2) n/a
g. Weather and Winds
(1) - (5) n/a

James Richard
Major, USAF
Information Officer

- page 3 -

The image contains a newspaper article with the headline "Flying Ad. Not Saucer". The article discusses an object that was observed in the sky, which was initially thought to be a flying saucer, but turned out to be an advertising plane. The article mentions that the object was observed multiple times over a three-day period, and was later determined to be an advertising plane owned by a company called A. Wertheimer Co.

Now, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

NEWARK EVENING NEWS, SATURDAY, JULY 14, 1962

Flying Ad. Not Saucer

It appears that those unidentified flying objects reported by residents earlier this week may have been nothing more than an advertising airplane being towed by the airplane.

A close examination of the latest story as to the subject which had been described by anxious persons as a "flying saucer" has disclosed that the strange lights observed over the metropolitan area Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday nights were in reality those of an airplane towing an advertising sign.

The 38-foot-long sign had 333 electric lights which flashed in sequence, giving the appearance of being some kind of unusual aerial object. It was owned by the A. Wertheimer Co., of Newark, and the plane was being operated by that firm.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with a block of text that reads:

"NEWS BRIEFS: Contrary to popular belief, saucer reports are not really becoming less frequent. Here again we see a large part of the public believing that sightings have decreased significantly. Actually, the opposite is true. Official reports remain about the same, but many people have discontinued reporting sightings which they fear will not be taken seriously. This can be seen in the decrease in the number of official reports received in New York. The Air Force continues to investigate all sightings reported to it and maintains that any psychological research which may have indicated a decrease in sightings has been misjudged."

- page 5 -

There is no photograph visible in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, specifically a report dated July 13, 1962.

Transcript of the text in the document:

Aerial: U.S. Forest
July 13, 1962

Col. Charles Friend
Wright - Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Mr. _____ [redacted]

On the evening of July 10, 1962, I saw a very unusual aircraft. Thinking it to be an experimental aircraft, I observed it for a period of time and then proceeded to investigate further. The sighting, however, the People's Star-Ledger carried a front page story of a similar sighting the following evening in Vineland, New Jersey. By the information given in this article, it appears to be the same thing I saw the previous evening in this vehicle of the aircraft. It appears to be the same thing. The sighting was given by an observer in the article, however, is more comprehensive than I can make. I am sending you a brief resume of what I saw. I am sure this information will be of value to you.

1. I saw the flying object on July 10, 1962 at 11:20 P.M. (Eastern Daylight Saving Time).
2. The size of the object and the sighting took place may be examined by the following:
U.S. Route 1 
Penna Route 
Barnegat Drive

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

3. I did carefully certain the I saw the objects for at least five minutes.
4. The sky conditions: a. Hazy, sky-visual.
b. Cirrus type clouds-more than visible.
5. The object was about the size of an automobile at a distance of at least a mile.
6. The object had the following characteristics: a. Disc-shaped; b. hazy, light blue color; c. Rotating or tumbling motion; d. silent; e. No sound as it passed over.
7. The object disappeared to the east-northeast beyond my vision.
8. I know long it was in my sight but the following: a. Object appear to me as a pulsating or varying light; b. The speed was that above the speed of a jet; c. It took the object about 2-3 minutes to cross from the west to the east-northeast.
9. After it turned above beyond my vision it was looking just like a falling star, but a very bright one.
10. To the best of my knowledge, the object was the only one observed, with no comparison to anything else in the sky at the time.
11. There were no other witnesses, to the best of my knowledge and no sounds occurred during the sighting.
12. Except for looking up and seeing the object I made no special actions other than trying to observe it as closely as possible.
13. The object disappeared to the east-northeast beyond my vision.
14. There was no effect on me physically, the object did not come close enough to me to be of any danger.
15. I am still somewhat puzzled by what I observed, and this observation has increased my interest in the possibilities of visitors from outer space.
16. I have a professional scientific background and am inclined to analyze carefully that which I observe. The object I saw did not fit into any conventional explanation that I can find.
17. My interest is purely scientific and I wish only to establish the facts as accurately as possible. I have no desire to promote any particular theory or preconceived idea about this object.
18. The object was seen clearly enough for me to draw a reasonable sketch, but my artistic ability is not adequate to do more than a very crude representation.
19. This incident has tended to convince me that some of the reports from reliable sources of unidentified flying objects deserve a more thorough and objective investigation.
20. .... was the object for a short period.
21. The object which I saw, is the first I have ever observe under such circumstances to which I am compared in more details.

- page 7 -

The image contains two sketches labeled "Sketch 1" and "Sketch 2". The sketches appear to be technical drawings or schematics related to the sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

22. This object was of two-layered design extremely bright appearing on a perfectly clear night. 
23. A carefully engineered, according to all indications, to me the most spectacular example of the "advanced technology" seen during investigations. Craft reportedly witnessed from 3000 - 5000 feet away.
24. Averely, New Jersey 
I am 52, 20 years of age with Police & University of Police.

The following is a more detailed statement of the sighting with sketches to illustrate details:

[Sketch 1]
[Sketch 2]

- page 8 -

The image contains a handwritten diagram or sketch, but no photograph. As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

I was traveling north on U.S. Route 1 at approximately 9:15 p.m. when I first saw the object. It appeared to be a flat, disc-shaped light moving at a high rate of speed. It seemed to change direction and there were flashes of light coming from it. It seemed to be about 500 feet in the air and traveling south.
The object suddenly stopped, hovered and then shot straight up and disappeared. The entire sighting lasted about 30 seconds. The object seemed to be larger than a man, but smaller than a small plane. The light was not steady, but it seemed to pulsate. The light did not shine like a searchlight, but rather glowed. It did not appear to be a meteor or shooting star.
When the object stopped and hovered, I noticed it seemed to be made up of a series of lights around the edge, rather than one solid light. The lights seemed to be blinking or pulsing as it hovered.

- page 9 -

The image contains a hand-drawn illustration or sketch, but does not contain any photographs. The illustration appears to depict some kind of unidentified flying object or craft.

As an OCR system, I will output the following text found in the document:

lost sight, or it appeared to go down, Durham Drive, I momentarily lost sight of it. It started getting darker and darker. By the time I got down so as to look up, whatever it was had disappeared. All I saw was a glow in the sky, which I though was a light on the ground and a very noticeable movement, but whatever it was had disappeared. I though I saw it for a minute again in the distance but that's all. The 
was it that I saw up above the object. It was a much larger object tha the one I had seen initially, flying above the one I had seen. I'm not sure if I actually saw another object or if the one I saw was the same one and just appeared to be moving differently or at a different speed or different direction, I'm not sure. But it was a definitely much larger object then the one I had seen first. At first I though it was an airplane or meteor or something, but this was an extremely large object, much larger than any airplane. It appeared to be flying in a downward direction, almost completely vertical. Then it turned and appeared to be going away from me or leaving the area, and then it disappeared.
I got the impression that the object was a solid structure, not just a light. While it was not close enough for me to see any details, the overall shape and the way it moved indicated to me that it was a solid craft of some kind. The entire observation lasted no more than 2 minutes.
At one point the object appeared to be hovering, but the way it maneuvered and changed directions indicated to me that it was powered and under some kind of control. The object was dark in color, perhaps a gray or silver metallic type color. As I mentioned, it was too far away for me to see any details, but the overall shape and movements were very unusual and unlike any aircraft I've seen before.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report, possibly from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

Text from the document:

It is suggested that this was an aircraft of some kind. It was daylight, clear weather, and the object was revolving around a point in the sky in a circular motion. There were no "circular base" or other usual features associated with the classic type of flying saucer. The windows were all about the same size and were all around the circular object. There were colored lights inside which were visible through the windows. The witness stated the area surrounding the windows was opaque and the interior could not be seen clearly. The witness could not estimate the size of the object. The rings put put was obscure, the red light and blue light designated by the witness we so arranged that they gave the appearance of stability or aids of some kind to the motion. This was the most stable and regular motion I have ever seen reported by a witness. But this case is quite similar to a number of other cases I have become acquainted with in the past. There is no proof offered, no photographs, sketches, or other physical evidence to confirm the details of the report. This case is one of those of another indication of the reality of the aerial phenomenon, but the details remain obscure and difficult to pin down with any great precision. This should be considered seriously with an open mind as to the possibilities it may suggest.

As I am convinced that this was an aircraft of some kind. It is difficult to arrive at any firm conclusions. I would appreciate any comments or suggestions you may have regarding this case.

I hope this information is of help to you. I would appreciate any comments or suggestions you may have.

Sincerely,

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. The document appears to be a page from a UFO report, with some text and a few sketches or diagrams.

Extracting the text from the document:

An object to Newark Airport Control Tower 15' diam. 
Acct – Name omitted
10 to 20 sec. 
Appeared out of nowhere and headed off to the SW at a tremendous speed. 
Brighter than a star. 
Had no sound, no trail, no windows (if a craft).
USAF C-119 fire bomber circling at 15,000' reacted to it.

Call reported it - Civil Aeronautics Tower Atl City.

Lat 3902.06-
Long 7430.25

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

THE 225 MC GUIRE PTO RADARX220 EXT PISO DOWNWARD
200-2 LANDSIGHT STATION PERMISSION RECEIVED
T THIS TIME AND MOVED IN THAT AREA AND REMAINED
UNTIL SEEN ON SCOPE. VERY SLOW MOVEMENT HOLDING ALT.
STATIONASKED FOR AND DID GET DIRECT
T 2-21 AFT2A MARK INT STAR SIZE MIT-2
T 2-25 CROUND LEVEL PTC BOUNCE?

FA 557209
MC GUIRE 26 IN APPROX 7 MINUTES

- page 13 -

