1. DATE - TIME GROUP
July 1962 (Dusk)

2. LOCATION
North Brunswick, New Jersey

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Three

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 Hour 20 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Stationary

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Astronomical (STARS/PLANET)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Three objects in area where there were no known stars observed during July 1962. Observed at 1915 local. Objects were three times brighter than stars, red, white, and blue. Took off. These objects were either than stars. Objects were high in the sky.

COMMENTS: The "d "port is in the reported location, about 5 deg elevation 30 deg azimuth. Sighting at dusk and shortly after would make stars appear in our direction of visual (when still. Sighting was made some 30 min. after sunset (when a weak twilight is on the sky at about 30 deg elevation, about 1 1/2 hrs after sunset). Could be wind blown clouds or something else. Winds were light. Might be wind blown clouds were after sighting.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF You answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
    Street                City        Zone    State
TELEPHONE NUMBER                AGE            SEX

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    Day         Month       Year


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Date appears to be handwritten but is illegible]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[Handwritten text, partially legible]:
"I would like to know if you'd be able to receive of St. Narviga- [rest of text is difficult to fully decipher]"

Page 7 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

3 Sys. n. Dia. Sys.
ft circle 200-43

Venus (Jolyama) 15 g.c.
9a16 arc 1 5-g
(11 w 21 mm 20 July)

Mara 5 w.
...
(rest of text is illegible or cut off)

The page is labeled "Page 8" in the top right corner.


- page 4 -

July 6, 1965

Dear Sir,

I have been interested in
Aeronautics and Space research
for some time. I first gained
information and a touch of
interest when I received a
book on the NASA I was so
dering if you could spare some
information.

My friends and I are now
very much interested in possibly
studying of space if possible.
We planned this after we
saw your flying objects in a
colored film. At sight these
objects, these of them, were
round and half each a
different color. We want the
site about the north. If
will people or but it but they
did not believe us of course.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

It seems it sounds like some thing helps would make up just we know to the truth. So, if you could, will you please send us information on space research aeronautics, unknown flying cycle, etc. and may be a pamphlet or two on each.

Thank you.

North Brunswick N.J.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

FTD (TDEN)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
14 July 1965

North Brunswick, New Jersey

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Reference your observations of unidentified flying objects. In your letter of 3 July 1965 you did not give sufficient information for evaluation. Therefore, it is requested that you fill out the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided, in order that we may make an evaluation. The Air Force appreciates your interest in this subject.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
Maj, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

2 Atchs
1. FTD Form 164
2. Return Envelope

[Postmark: JUL 9 1965 N.J.]

[Stamp: MAY BE OPENED FOR PEACE]


- page 7 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
(Blank fields for Day, Month, Year)

2. Time of day:
(Blank fields for Hour and Minutes)
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One):
a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
(Blank fields for Nearest Postal Address, City or Town, State or County)

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
(Blank fields for Hours, Minutes, Seconds)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                   NIGHT
a. Bright             a. Bright
b. Cloudy             b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):
a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank space]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know*
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[Handwritten response, partially illegible]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
If moved behind: [Handwritten response, partially illegible]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
If in front of: [Handwritten response, partially illegible]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: [Handwritten response, partially illegible]
b. Color: [Handwritten response, partially illegible]

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[No response written]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch of some circular/oval shapes with some writing around them, partially illegible]


- page 10 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was? [blank]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other [blank]

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other [blank]

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           e. South
b. Northeast       f. Southwest
c. East            g. West
d. Southeast       h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? [blank] miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes   No     e. Binoculars     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses    Yes   No     f. Telescope      Yes   No
c. Windshield     Yes   No     g. Theodolite     Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No     h. Other [blank]

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[Blank space with no text]

Page 4 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document also contains a compass rose diagram and an angular elevation diagram with a figure looking at an object against a horizon line.


- page 12 -

