PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
26 March 1962

2. LOCATION
Naperville, Illinois

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
CAT 27/2300z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
Stationary(?)

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Two ladies coming home after bridge party. Saw in west, outside of car, object, light only. No glow. Initial observation in west just on horizon. Disappeared at no definite elevation in sky. Object appeared to move only when car was moving. When observers stopped, no object. Observed between houses in residential area.

11. COMMENTS
Field investigation made and no conclusion reached. Case carried as Unidentified.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

3. PHOTOS
Yes
No


- page 1 -

CONCLUSIONS

The points B and C on the map are located at the bottom of a gently v-shaped cut which runs east and west. On either side the ground slopes upward at about 30 degrees at most to the level on which the points A and F are located. The trees at point B are about 10 feet beyond the edge of the street and about 30 feet from a car at C. The trees were from 15 to 25 feet in height. The athletic field was about 100 yards in width (east to west). There were also some bare trees in the position (indicated by the cross-hatching) across the street from F.

I could find no lights in the area to which the phenomenon could be easily attributed.

I checked Mrs. [redacted] car to see if the tail lights of a car going in the opposite direction would be reflected in the windshield. They would not; the windshield is set at a 45 degree angle.

The car is not completely soundproof. An airplane motor could definitely be heard.

Two other facts may have some bearing on the incident:

1) Some mail in the Naperville area is delivered by helicopter.
2) Mrs. [redacted] had the impression after she turned the corner at C and proceeded toward F that a car at point X started moving down the hill and turned the corner at C, heading east. Mrs. [redacted] had no recollection of this.

There was a report of a similar object seen by a couple in Lisle, Ill., on the same night. This incident was reported in the Naperville Clarion on the first Thursday in April, one week after the item on the [redacted] sighting.

Mrs. [redacted] had a letter addressed to the editor of the Naperville Sun from [redacted] of Clayton, Georgia, who was apparently an acquaintance.


- page 2 -

of the editor. She wrote that she would be happy to supply addresses to which

Mrs. [REDACTED] and Mrs. [REDACTED] could report their sightings. The latter

went on to say that many people have seen such objects, but are afraid to

report them. The letter also suggested that the Sun start a column on

the subject of UFO's.

The group from Wheaton consisted of two high school boys and one of their

teachers (male) according to Mrs. [REDACTED]. One of the boys claimed to have seen

the object earlier (about 9:40) in Wheaton on the same evening as the

[REDACTED] sighting. According to Mrs. [REDACTED], the boy from Wheaton, Illinois) claims to have seen some 23 UFO's over a

period of time (though never this low) and to be able to tell when they are

in the vicinity by extrasensory perception.

The Wheaton group apparently took a large number of measurements and

expressed typical hostility toward the Air Force.

Note: According to [REDACTED], neither she nor Mrs. [REDACTED] drinks.

The diagrams in all cases are tracings of the diagrams drawn by the two

women.


- page 3 -

NAPERVILLE POLICE DEPARTMENT
Naperville, Illinois

NO 11379

COMPLAINT

REPORT RECEIVED BY: [redacted]
DATE: 3-26-62     TIME: 11:03AM

COMPLAINT AS REPORTED:
COMPLAINT REPORTED THAT WHILE DRIVING AROUND THE NCC FIELDHOUSE SEC AFTER INVESTIGATION CHANGE TO

PLACE OF OCCURRENCE: NCC FIELDHOUSE GROUNDS
INVESTIGATED BY: KECK 129     ASSIGNED TO: 129, O'HARE AFB, INFO

FINAL DISPOSITION: [blank]

DETAILS OF REPORT:
SAW 2NO (2) UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS. STATED THAT THEY WERE RED BALLS OF LIGHT AND THEY SWOOPED TOWARDS THE GROUND ABOUT THE FIELDHOUSE GROUNDS. SAW 2ND (2) CALL TO CALL 129. WHILE HE PARKED, OFFICER TYLER WAS DISPATCHED TO FOLLOW THE OBJECTS WITH HER CAR. 129, SHE IN HE COULD DETERMINE THE NATURE OF THE UFO'S. AT 11:15PM REPORTED THAT THERE WAS NOTHING ALOUD.

IN THE MEANTIME, DESK CALLED O'HARE AIR FORCE BASE AND TALKED WITH OUR PATROL SGT. AMERICAN FIELD SAID THAT THIS REPORT WOULD BE HAD AFTER 9:00AM.

DAILY CALLED BACK BOTH [redacted] AND [redacted] FOR DETAILS OF REPORT.

CASE FILE: YES NO [X]     OPEN [X]     UNFOUNDED     CLEARED     INACTIVE     THIS OFFENSE IS DECLARED CLEARED BY ARREST

DATE: 3/26/62                                   SIGNED [redacted]


- page 4 -

COMPLAINT #11379
FOLLOW UP                                                            3-26-62

MRS. [REDACTED] LEFT HER HOME, [REDACTED] AFTER AN EVENING OF CARDS. THE UFO WAS
FIRST SIGHTED WITHIN A MINUTE AFTERWARDS WITH THE CAR AS DRIVING
THE INTERSECTION OF WRIGHT AND PRAIRIE. BOTH COMPLAINANTS DESCRIBED
THE UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT (ON OBJECTS) AS SMALL APPEARING RED IN COLOR
LOW IN THE SKY TO THE N-S-W OF THEM AT THAT TIME. BRIGHTER OF THE
LADIES COULD DESCRIBE IT AS DISC, DISTANCE ON THE THOUGHT OF THE OBJECTS. MRS. [REDACTED] STATED THAT SHE THOUGHT THEY WERE ABOUT 25'--50'
IN THE AIR.

MRS. [REDACTED] THEN DROVE NORTH ON WRIGHT ST. TO PORTER. SHE DROVE
WEST ON PORTER TO LOOMIS WHERE SHE STOPPED THE CAR AND SHUT OFF THE
LIGHTS. ACCORDING TO MRS. [REDACTED] OBJECTS THEN STOPPED RIGHT
AT THEM. MRS. [REDACTED] SAID THAT THERE WERE SIX LIGHTS ALL IN A
VERTICAL PLANE AND THAT SHE THOUGHT THAT IT WAS AN AIRPLANE COMING
TOWARDS THEM.

MRS. [REDACTED] STARTED THE CAR AND DROVE NORTH ON LOOMIS FROM PORTER
IN ORDER TO AVOID THE PATH OF THE UFO. THEY CONTINUED NORTH TO HIGHLAND,
WEST THEN AGAIN STOPPED FOR CAR AND LOOKED BACK TO SEE THE LIGHTS,
NOW ONLY TWO OF THEM, SEPARATE FROM EACH OTHER AND CONTINUE ON EAST.

MRS. [REDACTED] THEN DROVE HER [REDACTED] TO HER HOME.
AND THE WIFE PHONED THE REPORT INTO THE STATION WHILE THE FORMER
DROVE BACK TO THE SCENE TO SEE IF THE OBJECTS SHE WERE STILL IN THE
AREA. THEY VANISH.

BOTH COMPLAINANTS STATED THAT AT NO TIME DURING THE EPISODE WAS THERE
ANY ENGINE NOISE THAT NORMALLY ACCOMPANIES A PASSING AIRPLANE.

DESK CALLED FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION, Bishop 2-3111, AT 2:30AM.
THEY HAVE NO REPORTS OF AIRPLANE CRASHES OR AIRPLANES IN TROUBLE
AND NO COULD FIND COINCIDING LIGHT AIRCRAFT DESCRIBED BY THE
COMPLAINANTS WITH THAT GENERALLY USED ON AIRPLANES.

OFFICER [REDACTED] UPON SUBSEQUENT INVESTIGATION, REPORTED THAT THE SIRES
SPOTLIGHT OF THE HIGHLAND SCHOOL VIEWED LOOKING SOUTH POINTS MIGHT
BE SEEN AS ORIGINATING FROM FLYING OBJECTS--17 THE VIEWER USES IT IN
NIGHT PATROL OF SAID SCHOOL. OFFICER ALSO CONTACTED COMPLAINANTS BY
HAD BEEN SIGHTED. ALSO, THE LIGHT OF THE CATHOLIC CHURCH STEEPLE
WITH SAID HIGH INTENSITY LIGHT APPEARS TO BE BLINKING THROUGH THE
THE BRANCHES.

DAY DESK, CALL THE BUREAU OF UFO, O'HARE AFB, CYPHER 4-4411, AND MAKE
THE FOREGOING REPORT.

[Signature and date at bottom]


- page 5 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
26    March    62
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 22    40
            Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
                b. Central
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
              b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address                Naperville    Ill.
City or Town            State or Country

Additional remarks:

5. How long was object in sight?    15
                    Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain

    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                NIGHT
    a. Bright          a. Bright
    b. Cloudy          b. Cloudy

    No notes

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
              b. In back of you     e. Overhead
              c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD JUL 61 164    This form supersedes ATIC 164, Feb 60, which is obsolete.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
LIKE LIGHT ON AIRCRAFT

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other        Did own car door


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound        NONE
    b. Color        RED FLASHING LIGHTS

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred    NO    OUTLINE - LIKE A LIGHT
                b. Like a bright star
                c. Sharply outlined
                d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
    WHEN IT CAME CLOSER -
    THEN TWO OBJECT - VERY FAR
    APART AND AT DIFFERENT LEVELS.


- page 8 -

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[Note: No drawing is present in this section]

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
NO SIZE ESTIMATE

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
LARGER

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
NO.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
APPEARED LIKE RED LIGHTS ROTATING
NO GLOW - LIKE RED SPOTS


- page 9 -

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
DRIVING CAR

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

28.2 How far were you moving?

THREE MILES WEST
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30 miles per hour

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast

c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast

c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 270° degrees
b. From horizon 0° degrees

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 125° degrees
b. From horizon 20° degrees


- page 10 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 11 -

NAPERVILLE UFO

[Redacted text]
(SIGHTING)

Dearborn Chs.
1962


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day                Month                Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) [ Yes ]   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) [ Yes ]   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) [ Yes ]   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

Page 7


- page 13 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 50 YARDS

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS Naperville City State
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
Age Sex F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day Month Year

Page 8


- page 14 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may restate information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME                                                                                                   (Do Not Write in This Space)
                                                                                                        CODE:
SIGNATURE
DATE

Witness stated that the objects were only appeared to move while they (the witnesses) were moving. When the witnesses stopped the car, the objects also stopped. The objects were not seen during the time that the witnesses were moving along the cross streets. The witnesses were in a residential area where the houses are no nearer than two stories and not too close.


- page 15 -

DATA PROCESSING DIVISION
CLIMATIC CENTER, USAF
Air Weather Service (MATS)
Asheville, North Carolina

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: CODED

SUBJECT: Copy WMA 31 Charts for Chicago Vicinity                10 Apr 62

TO:     Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
        Attn: Maj. Locke
        Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1.      Reference: Your phone call 1115 JD 3 Apr 62.

2.      We are sending photocopy of available charts (WMA-31) for
        observation taken at Peoria, Illinois on 25 through 27 Jan 62.
        Peoria is the closest station to Chicago for which rawinsonde data
        are available.

FOR THE DIRECTOR

[Signature of James R. Oglesby]
JAMES R. OGLESBY
Chief, Data Processing Division

Atch
Photocopies WMA-31


- page 16 -

Naperville, IL, 26 Mar 62
case includes 18 ADIABATIC CHARTS


- page 17 -

The image appears to be a grid or graph paper document with very faint markings. Most of the text is illegible due to the poor image quality and high contrast. The only partially readable text I can discern is "-1050-" at the bottom left of the grid, but even this is not completely clear. The document seems to be a technical or scientific chart with a grid layout and some light markings or data points across its surface.


- page 18 -

The image appears to be a complex document with a grid-like structure, primarily consisting of rows and columns of text and numbers. However, much of the text is too small or blurry to be legibly read through OCR. The document seems to be a detailed form or report with multiple sections, but the specific content is not clearly discernible due to the low resolution and faded nature of the scanned document.


- page 19 -

The image appears to be a grid or graph paper with very fine, uniform squares. The grid covers most of the page and is printed in black and white. There are some markings or notations along the left side and right side margins of the grid, but they are too small and blurry to read clearly. The image looks like it could be a data sheet, chart, or technical document with a complex grid layout.


- page 20 -

The image appears to be an Adiabatic Chart with a large grid table on the left side and a detailed chart description on the right side. However, due to the low contrast and image quality, most of the text is illegible. The only clearly readable text is the title "ADIABATIC CHART" on the right side of the document.


- page 21 -

The image appears to be a grid or graph paper document with vertical and horizontal lines. Most of the text is too illegible to read clearly. There are some faint markings and lines drawn across the grid, but the specific details are not discernible due to the low contrast and image quality.


- page 22 -

Mrs. [redacted] and Mrs. [redacted] were interviewed separately concerning their March 1 report of a UFO sighting in Naperville, Illinois. The interviews were conducted by Miss [redacted] and me on the evening of April 19. Both women were taken separately to the area where the reported sighting took place. The accounts coincided in where the sighting took place, the color of the object (or objects), and its general line of motion. But there is wide difference in the two descriptions of size, shape, and specific behavior of the UFO.


- page 23 -

The image appears to be a complex data chart or log, with the title "ADIABATIC CHART" visible in the top right corner. The document consists of multiple columns and rows of numerical data, with a dense grid of numbers and calculations. Much of the text is small and difficult to read clearly due to the image quality. The left side of the document contains a diagonal grid or graph with vertical and horizontal lines, while the right side contains more structured tabular data. The overall document seems to be a technical or scientific record with detailed numerical information.


- page 24 -

The image appears to be a graph paper or grid sheet with very faint markings. Most of the text is illegible due to the low contrast and image quality. The page has two hole punches on the left side, indicating it is part of a bound document. The grid lines are clearly visible, creating a uniform pattern across the entire page, but no specific text or numerical values can be confidently read.


- page 25 -

ADIABATIC CHART

(The rest of the text is too illegible to confidently transcribe. The image appears to be a complex grid-based chart with numerous small boxes and lines, with "ADIABATIC CHART" clearly visible in the top right section of the document.)


- page 26 -

The image appears to be a grid or graph paper with vertical and horizontal lines forming small squares. The left side of the page has some numbers running vertically from 17 to 15. The image is in black and white and looks like it could be a data recording sheet or chart. Most of the grid appears to be blank or lightly marked. The edges of the page are slightly darkened, suggesting this is a scanned document.


- page 27 -

The image appears to be a complex document with a grid-like structure covering most of the page. The right side of the page contains several sections with text, but much of it is too faint or blurry to read clearly. The only legible text I can confidently make out is "ATLANTIC CITY" at the top right of the document. The rest of the text is largely illegible due to the poor image quality and faded print.


- page 28 -

The image appears to be a graph or chart with a grid pattern. The vertical axis on the left side has some numbers visible, including 50, 52, and 54. The page is a black and white document with a faded, slightly worn appearance typical of older scanned documents. Most of the text and markings on the grid are too illegible to read clearly.


- page 29 -

The only clearly legible text on this page is "ADIABATIC CHART" at the top right of the document. The rest of the document appears to be a complex grid or chart with numerous small, faint text entries that are not clearly readable in this image.


- page 30 -

The image appears to be a graph paper or grid sheet with numerical markings on the left side. The visible numbers on the left margin include:

750
800
850
900
950
1000

The rest of the page is filled with a grid pattern of fine lines creating small squares. The image is in black and white and appears to be a scanned document with some slight discoloration and aging around the edges.


- page 31 -

The image appears to be a complex document with multiple grid-like sections and tables. However, most of the text is too small or blurry to be legibly read in this scan. The only partially readable text I can discern is "QUADRATIC CURVE" on the right side of the document. The rest of the text is illegible due to the low resolution and faded nature of the scanned document.


- page 32 -

I apologize, but I cannot discern any readable text on this page. The image appears to be a grid or graph paper with very faint markings, but the text is too illegible to transcribe. The document looks like a technical or data recording sheet with a grid pattern, but no specific text can be made out clearly.


- page 33 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Trees

Athletic Field

Residential Area

Residential Area

Residential Area

Residential Area

The document appears to be a hand-drawn map or diagram with various labeled areas including "Athletic Field" and multiple "Residential Area" sections. There are also some letters marked (X, E, A, B, etc.) and some directional arrows.


- page 34 -

The image appears to be an Adiabatic Chart with a large grid-like table on the left side and several smaller tables and text sections on the right side. However, due to the low contrast and image quality, most of the text is illegible. The only clearly readable text is the title "ADIABATIC CHART" at the top right of the document.


- page 35 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be a grid or graph paper with very faint lines and markings. Most of the text is illegible due to the poor quality of the scan. The only clear elements are the hole punches on the left side of the document and the grid pattern covering most of the page. No readable text can be extracted from this image.


- page 36 -

The image appears to be an adiabatic chart with numerous grid lines and numerical entries. At the top right of the document, the text "ADIABATIC CHART" is visible. The document is primarily composed of a complex grid system with various numerical and textual annotations, though many of the specific details are difficult to read due to the image quality and density of information.


- page 37 -

The image appears to be a graph or chart with a grid pattern. The text on the left side of the image is mostly illegible due to poor image quality. The grid covers most of the page, with some darker areas on the left margin and around the edges of the document. No clear text can be read from this image.


- page 38 -

The image appears to be an "ADIABATIC CHART" with numerous rows and columns of numerical data. Most of the text is too small or blurry to read clearly. The chart is predominantly composed of a grid-like structure with various numbers and notations. The right side of the document contains some additional text boxes, but the specific details are not legible due to the image quality.


- page 39 -

The image appears to be a grid or graph paper with vertical and horizontal lines. The left side of the page has some vertical numbers/markings from 7 to 15. The page looks like a data recording sheet or chart with a precise grid layout. The image is in black and white and appears to be an old document or report page. No other text is legible on this page.


- page 40 -

The image appears to be a complex grid or table document with numerous rows and columns. The left side of the document contains a large grid with many small squares, while the right side contains several text boxes or sections. However, due to the low contrast and image quality, most of the text is illegible. I can make out some faint text fragments on the right side of the document, but I cannot confidently transcribe them with certainty.


- page 41 -

The image appears to be a scanned document with a grid-like background. However, the text on this page is largely illegible due to the poor quality of the scan and the faintness of the text. I cannot confidently transcribe any specific text from this image.


- page 42 -

The text I can clearly read on this document is:

ADIABATIC CHART

The rest of the text appears to be too small or blurry to reliably transcribe. The document appears to be a technical chart with a grid-like structure, with the title "ADIABATIC CHART" visible at the top right of the page.


- page 43 -

The image appears to be a graph or chart with a grid pattern. The left side of the image contains numerical values along the vertical axis, ranging from what seems to be 100 to 500 in increments. The rest of the page is filled with a fine grid of intersecting horizontal and vertical lines. The image is in black and white and appears to be a scanned document with some edge distortion and darkness around the margins. No legible text is visible on this page.


- page 44 -

MRS. [REDACTED] ACCOUNT

We talked to Mrs. [REDACTED] in her home for a few minutes, after which she took us in her car (from which the sighting was made) to the area where the incident occurred. Her account is as follows:

She left a canasta party at the home of a friend to take Mrs. [REDACTED] home. The time was about 10:30 p.m. Upon stopping at intersection A, she saw through the side window of the car a number of lights, red in color, in the direction indicated by the dotted arrow. She called the object to the attention of Mrs. [REDACTED]. Mrs. [REDACTED] reports that it would be difficult to say how many lights there were, but she would guess 6 or 8. They were "quite low" (about 10 to 15 degrees) and similar in color and brightness to the tail lights of a car. Their conformation was as in the diagram below:

[A small diagram of dots is shown]

Pulling away from the intersection, the two women speculated that the object might be an airplane, but that it had an extraordinary number of lights for an airplane. Planes often circle in the Naperville area when O'Hare field is fogbound, but this night was very clear, according to Mrs. [REDACTED]. She thought, but was not sure, that Mrs. [REDACTED] had continued to see the object between houses and trees before the car turned west.

Heading west, Mrs. [REDACTED] said that she could see the object again as the car approached point B. It was about the same altitude as before and about 10 to 15 degrees to the left of their line of travel. It appeared very much as it first did, although it seemed to be around the location D on the other side of the athletic field of the high school.

The two women continued to watch the object as the car approached the stop sign at intersection C. At point C (Mrs. [REDACTED] was uncertain whether it was before or after she stopped) the object appeared to turn slowly.


- page 45 -

The image appears to be an "ADIABATIC CHART" with numerous rows and columns of numerical data and grid lines. Most of the text is too small or blurry to read clearly. The chart takes up most of the page and seems to be a technical document with complex tabular information. The right side of the document contains several smaller boxes with additional data or notes, but the specific details are not legible from this image.


- page 46 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be a very faint grid or graph paper with some diagonal lines and markings. However, the text is almost entirely illegible due to the poor quality and low contrast of the scanned document. I cannot confidently transcribe any text from this image.


- page 47 -

ADIABATIC CHART

The image appears to be a technical chart with numerous grid lines, columns, and rows. The text is mostly small and difficult to read clearly. The title "ADIABATIC CHART" is visible at the top right of the document.


- page 48 -

This image appears to be a graph paper or logarithmic grid sheet with very faint markings. The page has hole punches on the left side and is predominantly white/gray with a grid pattern. The vertical axis on the left side has some numerical markings, but they are too faint to clearly read. No other text is legible on this page.


- page 49 -

The image appears to be a technical chart or graph with multiple grid sections. On the right side of the document, there is a partially visible title "ADIABATIC CHART". The document is predominantly composed of dense grid lines and small text entries, but most of the text is too small or blurry to read clearly in this black and white scanned image. The right side of the document contains several text boxes with some legible text, but the resolution makes it difficult to transcribe with complete accuracy.


- page 50 -

The image appears to be a grid or graph paper with very faint markings. Most of the text is illegible due to the low contrast and image quality. The page is predominantly filled with a grid pattern of small squares, with some darker areas on the left margin. No clear text can be discerned from this image.


- page 51 -

The image appears to be a complex grid-like document with numerous small boxes and text entries. However, due to the low resolution and faintness of the text, most of the writing is illegible. The document seems to be some kind of detailed chart or form, with a header that partially reads "OPERATING CHART" on the right side of the page. The majority of the document consists of a dense grid of small squares or rectangles.


- page 52 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. The image appears to be a grid or graph paper with vertical and horizontal lines, but the specific text or markings are not clearly readable.


- page 53 -

The text I can clearly read on this document is:

ADIABATIC CHART

The rest of the text appears to be very small and illegible due to the image quality and the dense grid/chart nature of the document. The document seems to be a technical chart with numerous rows and columns of small printed text and numerical data.


- page 54 -

The image appears to be a grid or graph paper with a complex grid pattern. The grid lines are drawn both vertically and diagonally across the page. There are some numbers visible on the left side of the page, but they are too small and blurry to read clearly. The document looks like it could be some kind of technical or scientific chart or worksheet, but the specific details are not discernible due to the low contrast and image quality.


- page 55 -

Here is the text from the document:

"like a bus would turn," and began moving toward them. By the time it reached the point E, the lights were arranged as follows:

[Name redacted] said that the three (or four) lights on either side seemed to be about a foot apart and the distance between the two groups was about 60 degrees of arc, corresponding to a separation of about 40 feet at a distance of 40 feet.

The brightness of the lights again corresponded to that of the tail lights of a car.

There were two trees in the field immediately opposite the car. They are indicated by the cross-hatching. Mrs. [Name redacted] says that she does not remember having seen the trees during the sighting, but that it was very dark and she was concentrating on the lights. ¶ The moon was quite bright when she took us to the spot; it was about 9 p.m.). The trees were bare and about 18 to 25 feet in height. Mrs. [Name redacted] said that if the object had been an airplane, its landing gear would have been in the tree tops. She described the separation of the lights as corresponding to something "larger than a 100," but she emphasized the fact that there was no motor noise.

When the object reached point E, Mrs. [Name redacted] still thinking it might be a plane, came to the conclusion that it would land about 50 feet behind the car. She immediately turned the corner and proceeded north for one block to the top of the slope and, turning west again, stopped the car at F. She was not sure what the object was doing when she turned the corner and as she drove north, but Mrs. [Name redacted] was watching it.

At the point F Mrs. [Name redacted] stopped the car and opened the door on the driver's side, stepping out with one foot. This was the first time she had seen the object without the car window glass intervening. The object now appeared to be headed in a southeasterly direction (indicated by the broken


- page 56 -

The image appears to be a scanned document with a large grid or table on the left side and some text-filled sections on the right side. However, due to the low resolution and faded nature of the scan, most of the text is illegible. I can make out some faint text and form fields on the right side of the document, but I cannot confidently transcribe the specific words or numbers.


- page 57 -

Up until this point in the incident Mrs. [redacted] had thought the lights were those of a single object. However, the new formation seemed to indicate to her that there were two objects.

After watching the object for a short time, Mrs. [redacted] got back into the car and drove Mrs. [redacted] home. Returning to the area a few minutes later, she was unable to see any trace of the object. Upon returning home she learned that Mrs. [redacted] had reported the incident to the police.

Mrs. [redacted] was unable to estimate the speed of the object, but said that the whole incident seemed to happen very fast. She claims to be familiar with airplanes since her husband is a student pilot. She hesitates to give the object the name "flying saucer" and still thinks there is some more commonplace explanation.


- page 58 -

MRS. [REDACTED] ACCOUNT

Upon returning to [redacted] home we learned that Mrs. [redacted] had called and wanted to know if we wished to interview her also. We drove with [redacted] to Mrs. [redacted] home.

It was already quite late (about 10 p.m.) when we arrived at Mrs. [redacted] home. We had already learned from Mrs. [redacted] that Mrs. [redacted] had been contacted by a Wheaton High School group which was interested in flying saucers. Mrs. [redacted] gave us some information about this group (see conclusions). After a short talk, we returned with Mrs. [redacted] in her car to the area of the sighting. Her account is somewhat sketchier than Mrs. [redacted]. It is as follows:

The object was first viewed at point A in the direction indicated. It consisted of two bright red lights and looked like a low-flying airplane. Mrs. [redacted] was quite insistent that there were only two large red lights during the entire incident. Her drawing of the initial sighting at point A is reproduced below:

[Two small circles drawn]

She thinks she saw it intermittently between trees and houses before the car turned west. After the car turned west, progressing through B toward C, the object was in view the whole time. As the car reached C the two lights turned and headed toward the car. Reaching this point B, they seemed to be suspended above the trees and were no longer moving. Mrs. [redacted] described them as about the brightness and color of automobile tail lights. They were, she said, about 4 feet in diameter and about one foot apart and seemed to be rotating or blinking slightly. There could not have been more than 30 feet of ground between the car and the objects. Her drawing of their appearance at point C is below:

[No drawing is actually shown in this section of the document]


- page 59 -

Mrs. [redacted] was again insistent upon the sizes and the fact that there were only two lights. I tried to get her to put her hand at arm's length to see if she could have covered the objects with it. She insisted that she couldn't, although from her description it would have been easy. Apparently the nature of the test was not clear to her.

After the car rounded the corner at C, the lights seemed to start moving again in an easterly direction. She watched them through the car windows. As the car moved toward the intersection near point F, Mrs. [redacted] was certain she could make out a dim yellow light immediately behind the two red ones which she ventured might have been "some sort of cabin light."

Mrs. [redacted] said that the lights seemed to be going in a southeasterly direction by the time the car stopped at F. She said she continued to be able to see it through the car's rear window even after they left point F, until they rounded the curve at point G in the car.

Mrs. [redacted] drawing of the object as it appeared after the car left point C is reproduced below:

[A hand-drawn sketch of lights is present]

Mrs. [redacted] remarked that the night of the sighting was a warm one. She seemed to be of the opinion that the only explanation of this phenomenon was some sort of "extraterrestrial" craft. She stated that she had always been a little skeptical before, but she also admitted that her father had claimed several years earlier to have seen a "flying saucer" just before dawn one morning. (Sounds like Venus.)

Mrs. [redacted] was quite definite about the size and shape of the object, but she seemed somewhat unsure of herself when we went back to the location where the sighting was made.


- page 60 -

