PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 14 October 1962

2. LOCATION: Granby, Quebec, Canada

3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

4. SOURCE: Civilian

5. GMT: 14/1900Z

6. PHOTOS: No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5-6 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: three

9. COURSE: East

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Three objs brighter than sky background, like car headlight a block or two away. All obj moved in same direction without change in shape, brightness or color. Movement West to East. Shaped elliptical, sharply outlined without fuzz or blur. Solid and white. No sound. Observation fm within home in subdued light. In line at estimated alt of 6-12,000ft. appeared at 14 secs intervals. Size estimated at 200ft length. No shadow or any part of obj. No sheen or reflection.

12. CONCLUSIONS:
[Checkboxes for various categories, but no specific box is checked]

COMMENTS:
Probably three aircraft on Route Green 1 14 sec interval being interval between three a/c on associated flight.

Disappeared into clouds at 45 dgr elevation in ENE. Est speed 2,000 mph.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

REPORT OF U.F.O. SIGHTING

October 14, 1962 - 3:00 p.m. E.D.S.T. - Approx. time of sighting (and of compilation of this report).

Location: Granby, Quebec.

Time of sighting per each of three objects: approx. 5 to 6 seconds (fairly certain).

Condition of sky: bright daylight with sun at approx. 45째 SW of zenith.

Objects considerably brighter than background of sky; equivalent to car head-lights a block or two blocks away.

Objects continuously moved in same direction. Did not emit any exhaust nor form any trail nor did they change brightness. They did not change shape, nor flicker, nor pulsate. When objects finally disappeared, it was behind the approx. 6/10-cover of cirrocumulus and cirrostratus clouds which were the only cloud formations at the time. Objects appeared solid and white.

Observations made from within home (in subdued light), no internal illumination, window facing toward north sky through normal eyeglasses. Objects emitted no detectable sound. Shape: rather like oblate spheroid or lenticular-shaped object on edge, thus as long ellipse with minimum focal radii of short magnitude i.e., coming close to a point on either end of ellipse.

Objects moving dead west to east. Edges of objects were sharply outlined without fuzz or blur. Total of three objects sighted at approx. 14-second intervals.

Major axes of U.F.O.'s parallel to direction of travel. Objects followed in line... dead in line. Altitude estimate: 6,000 to 12,000 feet. Lengthwise dimension estimate: 200 ft. Perhaps could be compared to size of pea (in length) held at arm's length. Objects did not appear made of any common materials such as aluminum or plastics; were without any real sheen. Best representation could be solid wooden object coated with flat-white paint. None of the objects had shadowed portions. Noticed objects when lying on carpet near window, enjoying view of sky. Noticed objects first when facing approx. 25째 due north of zenith. Objects followed same pattern of disappearance at approx. 45째 ENE of zenith. Clouds were finely dispersed and in essentially east to west linear groups or "waves".

Temperature approx. 50째 degrees Fahrenheit outdoors.

This is first report of this sighting (I was alone). Advised my wife immediately. This is not the first time I have seen a U.F.O. Previous time was at night, and U.F.O. sight was of a rapidly-rising cigar-shaped object, a number of years ago.

Since my estimated speed is of the order of 2,000 m.p.h., it is difficult to

... 2 [page number]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

- 2 -

Imagine what these objects actually constituted. However, I strongly sense they were not atmospheric phenomena giving rise to reflected-light optical illusions since they were of high visible definition.

GHP/lp

N.B. For consideration of use in Project Bluebook or associated activities.

Granby, Que. Canada

Position: Senior Engineering Technician

Education: Completed High School at St Laurent High School, Montreal
Sir George Williams University (2 years)
University of California, Extension Course in Atomic and Nuclear Physics.
Presently studying in order to pass examinations and become a member
of the Corporation of Professional Engineers of the Province of Quebec.


- page 3 -

PERRY 14 OCT 62

November 29, 1962

Dear Mr. [redacted]
Your letter of October 14th has been
forwarded to the Foreign Technology Division
at Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.
Your interest in this matter is
appreciated.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM J. LOOKADOO
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Div
Office of Information

Granby, Que. Canada


- page 4 -

