PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
20 May 62

2. LOCATION
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT
21/0315Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Visual
Source: Civilian

5. PHOTOS
Yes
No

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 mins 5 min ea

7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

8. COURSE
Stationary

9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Obj. viewed for 15 mins 4 different times during a 15 min period. Gave appearance of rotation. Motion characterized by rapid disappearance very rapid. Appeared as solid, moved both in front of clouds behind them. Erratic motion. Observed also w/binoculars. Missing some recorded details w/portholes, lights, etc. In SW appearance & disappearance w/done & motors.

10. COMMENTS
Observer did not call anyone to witness this strange phenomenon. It appeared 4 times in a 15 min period. No additional witness. Only observer reporting obj. fm city of several million people. Strongly possible of light reflections playing on conditions. Undoubtedly over distant obj. w/detail obsvd on distant and hazy obj.

11. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown


- page 1 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use
the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may refer
to information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments,
statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to print the details of the observations
in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached
if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Blank]
DATE: 6/17/62

CODE: [Blank]

Handwritten text:
"This object appeared I disappeared 4 times in 45 minutes totaling about five minutes for such visible appearance. It moves like clockwise direction while the bottom part or motor part moves in a much faster speed in counter clockwise direction. When the object decided to disappear it moved at a terrific speed. However while in circle I am motion it appeared to move only about 300 to 500 MPH."


- page 2 -

The text on this page is partially legible. Here is what I can make out:

"...night, but can't

reliability. If the ... could home

to Elm, then Exit ... about 10 or 15

... possibly ... this time. The

... just ... But what

... wondering just ... could

... then ... Elm. But now the

Some words and phrases are illegible or partially obscured due to the handwritten nature of the document and the image quality.


- page 3 -

#6 23 May, Philadelphia

The city of Philadelphia has several individuals who found this guy and the sunlight was only the only confusion. We are not of other could we enjoy. We would be the was a

[Note: The text appears to be partially illegible or fragmented, making complete comprehension difficult.]


- page 4 -

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS

[The rest of the text is partially illegible due to handwriting and image quality. Some words and phrases can be partially made out, but a complete and accurate transcription is not possible without risking introducing errors.]


- page 5 -

The text on this page is partially illegible due to handwriting and diagonal lines crossing through the text. I can make out some fragments, but cannot confidently reproduce the full text. Some words and phrases are discernible, but a complete and accurate transcription is not possible with the current image quality.

The document appears to be a handwritten note or report with cursive writing, and there are diagonal lines drawn across the page that obscure much of the text. Some words can be partially seen, but the overall content is difficult to fully decipher.


- page 6 -

Riverton, N.J.

July 28th, 1962

U.F.O. Research Department
Department of the Air Force
Office of the Secretary
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

Herewith is copy of your form, "U.S.Air Force Technical Information Sheet".

A working friend made the Observation and informed me of it. He has filled it out as much as he cares to, and deems this personal and confidential.

His full name and address is [redacted]

He was attached to the 8 & 9th Air Force as a Sergeant Engineer Gunner in the European Theater, during the 2nd World War.

I will appreciate another set of your Information Sheet to keep on hand for future filling.

Sincerely yours, [signature redacted]


- page 7 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2 3     5     1962
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 10:15     P.M.
                Hour    (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern     (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Central                   b. Standard
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Postal address and location details are blacked out]

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
    4 5     Minutes     Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
    a. Certain     b. Fairly certain     c. Not very sure     d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight     d. Just a trace of daylight
              b. Dull daylight       e. No trace of daylight
              c. Bright twilight     f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
              b. In back of you      e. Overhead
              c. To your right       f. Don't remember

ATC FORM 164 (1A) OCT 59


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. If you saw this object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One)   a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF IT was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One)   a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?   b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other:

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Gradually speed up and rush away?
c. Brock up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?
(Circle One for each question)   Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
                                          Clouds

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
                                          Clouds

14. Did the object appear:   (Circle One)   a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

(Circle One)   Yes   No
                Yes   No
                Yes   No
                Yes   No

e. Binoculars
f. Telescope
g. Theodolite
h. Other:

(Circle One)   Yes   No
                Yes   No
                Yes   No
                Yes   No


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: A HISSING OR LOUD HUMMING SOUND
b. Color: COLD HAVE BEEN WHITE GRAY OR SILVER

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Locate and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, propulsion, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with circular elements, with notes around it like "CABIN", "PORT HOLE", "LIGHTS"]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a giant star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? [Blank space]
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of its path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
MY DRAWING: (blank)

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length:
a. Head of a pin
b. Peg
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half Dollar

(Additional options)
g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other: ______

22.1 (Circle One) of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? THE OBJECT APPEARED 1/4 MILE S. CLOSE TO HWY. 611 IN 4-5 MINUTES OF 45 MINUTES

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give some appearance as the object which you saw.

THIS OBJECT WAS                                                GREEN SORT OF LIGHT
MADE OF SOLID FORM

                                                                    PORT HOLES
                                                                    OR EXHAUST LIGHTS
                                                                    BOTTOM HALF
                                                                    OF OBJECT ROTATED
                                                                    IN OPPOSITE DIRECTION
                                                                    OF FLIGHT OF OBJECT

(The document also includes a hand-drawn sketch of an object with circular features)


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I WAS BROUGHT TO MY ATTENTION BY MY SON AND OTHERS WERE ALSO SEEING OUTSIDE OF MY HOUSE

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast

c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast

c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. For an example also see how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?

36. Was anyone also with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

THIS WAS A SAUCER TYPE OBJECT WITH SORT OF A DOME TOP. AND IT LOOKED TO BE MADE OF A SOLID MATTER WITH A METALLIC NATURE. STILL PUZZLED.

Page 7


- page 14 -

