PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 17 November 1962

2. LOCATION: Tampa, Florida

12. CONCLUSIONS:
[ ] Was Balloon
[ ] Probably Balloon
[ ] Possibly Balloon
[ ] Was Aircraft
[ ] Probably Aircraft
[ ] Possibly Aircraft
[ ] Was Astronomical
[ ] Probably Astronomical
[ ] Possibly Astronomical
[X] Other__UNIDENTIFIED
[ ] Insufficient Data for Evaluation
[ ] Unknown

3. DATE-TIME GROUP:
Local____
GMT 19/0200Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION:
[X] Ground-Visual        [ ] Ground-Radar
[ ] Air-Visual           [ ] Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS:
[ ] Yes
[X] No

6. SOURCE:
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 11-15 mins

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: three

9. COURSE: varied

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Cluster of 3 second mag star-like objs in horizontal flight. Approached & hovered. Disappeared, riding into star background. No shape. Approached fm 20 dgr elev to 45 dgr elev where objs hovered 3-5 mins. Approach consumed 3-4 mins, while departure lasted for an additional 3-8 mins. Depart to SE. Impression that objs were under intelligent control at all times. Approach fm NE. After hover made90 dgr turn.

11. COMMENTS:
UNIDENTIFIED at this time. No indication that the objs presented a threat to the security of the U.S.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)

- page 1 -

HEADQUARTERS
836TH AIR DIVISION (TAC)
MACDILL AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA


REPLY TO
ATTN OF: [illegible]

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO) Sighting


TO: AFSC (FTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. In accordance with AFR 200-2, dated 20 July 1962 the enclosing report is
submitted for analysis. This sighting was reported by nature
stable college graduate of sound judgment, I have some knowledge of aircraft
which in beyond the scope of this submission to establish.

2. Basic data in accordance with paragraph 14, AFR 200-2 follows:

a. Description of the Object(s): A cluster of seven "second magnitude"
stars in lights which, on approach, diminished to
[illegible section] with brief blue-white covering.
[illegible] beneath [illegible] is confirmed [illegible]
[illegible] on [illegible] to ultimately here
into the after [illegible] of the UFO.

   (1) A strange and steadily [illegible] blue, a specific value confirmed
   only in established.

   (2) White ovatures [illegible] fine arm approximately that is
   [illegible] had to be read at a glance [illegible]
   [illegible] and believed about 150 curve [illegible]
   to after variation was much initially induced. [illegible] were
   on certain sides.

   (3) Star-like light, of second magnitude.

   (4) Three distinct lights in form a nearly [illegible]

(5) Stable relative position along conceptual plane at initial
sighting, during approach - with an approach angle and during
[illegible] observed. Upon encounter, relative position [illegible] [illegible]
controlled manner.

(6) No other distinguishing features noted.

(7) No radii, trail, or exhaust disturbance.

(8) Relatively brilliant, light, but no sound or noise audible relative
to altitude.

- page 2 -

(3) A definite impression that UFO(s) was on order deliberate and complete control at all times.•

b. Description of Course of Object(s):

(1) While rested on the front porch of their ranch home, observer and his wife were looking at the unusually clear sky. Immediately movements of objects were observed. Both were startled and drew to the approach of UFO(e), whose movement and actions held their interest.

(2) First observed approximately 20° above horizon, approaching from NE (1 to 2 o'clock position), approaching (moving rather) in straight path toward viewers, gaining elevation to about 45° above horizon where "hover" occurred.

(3) From hover position (1 to 2 o'clock/20° elevation), object(s) turned an apparent 90° left from their direction of approach, decreasing in size, intensity, and altitude until lost within the dark background (toward the southeast from vantage at 20° elev.). Relative altitude at disappearance was approximately a slight 20.

(4) Approaching visibly from one o'clock/25° elev directly toward viewer during 3 – 4 minutes; then covering the reportable 3 – 4 minutes of time set for object(s), northeast in an area about 3 – 4 seconds from a position, matching with background of the sky. Relative elev., distance, and light intensities corroborated description of flight path.

(5) Rapidly (15 minutes in southeast only direction, toward southwest had position. Arriving enroute this course without detail.

(6) Total time estimated between 11 to 12 minutes.

c. Manner of Observations:

(1) Ground - Visual. (20/20 vision, observer and wife).

(2) No optical aids available, or used.

(3) Observer in fixed position on ground.

d. Time and Date of Sightings:

(1) 15/0200Z November, 1962.

(2) Night, unusually clear, with no restrictions to visibility.

e. Location of Observer(s): 28°25'N, 82°22'W.

f. Identifying Information on Observer(s):

(1) [redacted section]erra, Fla.2

- page 3 -

[illegible section at top of page]

3. Weather and Wind Conditions:

(1) Unusually clear night, all stars and movements in the sky were vividly apparent. No clouds, fog, or other restrictions to visibility.

(2) McColl AFB weather records: Surface - 100/41 5,000' - 310/12; 10,000' - 130/35; 16,000' - 240/38 20,000' - [illegible] at 9,000' - 240/28; 20,000' - 260/40.

(3) Ceiling - clear.

(4) Visibility - more than 15.

(5) No clouds.

(6) No thunderstorms.

(7) Average vertical temperature gradient per 1,000 feet UNM about surface to 16,000 MSL. (Distance inversion existed from 5,000' to 9,000' MSL).

4. None.

5. None.

Radio International Airport (about 20 mi South of observer) released radiosonde at 17/2400Z.

k. Position, time, comments of operating officers: Assistant Base Operations Officer, Major Jack H. Bond. Observer is considered to be completely believable in his sighting. Of well above average intelligence and background; he well equipped to refrain objective conclusions with sound judgement and clarity. He obviously sighted some unusual and extraordinary phenomenon, but is beyond our facilities to explain. Consultation with local FAA, ACPN, ACA (manual), Weather, and Navigational agencies reveals no explanation for the nature or identity of the sighting.

5.

- page 4 -

Since it is conceivable that certain other agencies in the Southeast U.S. might have knowledge of activities which could account for the phenomenon, and in order to insure that no responsible agency is overlooked, information copies of this complete correspondence have been forwarded as indicated below.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[handwritten signature]

LOWELL L. SANDERS
Lt Colonel, USAF
Base Director of Operations

1 Atch
Ltr from Mr. Swindle

Copies to:
3201 AB Mg
Eglin AFB, Fla

MOADS (MCCOC-O)
Gunter AFB, Ala

4.

- page 5 -

SWINDAL-POWELL COMPANY

102 NORTH FLORIDA STREET
TELEPHONE 4-5724
P.O. BOX 2581

TAMPA, FLORIDA

WHOLESALE FURNITURE

AND

FLOOR COVERINGS

November 19, 1962

Captain Raymond Henry
Base Information Officer
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida

Dear Captain Henry:

This will certify my telephone conversation with you a few months ago in relation to the unusual sight I witnessed this last Saturday evening at approximately 9:00 P.M.

The sight was of such unusual proportions that it is my opinion that it will bear some explanation and some thought and some investigation on the part of responsible men within our government.

I was sitting on my porch swing facing the East, my wife and I were having a quiet about shooting stars. We decided we would try to identify an airplane flying at an extremely high altitude approaching the house from the Northwest. This object appeared to glow very bright. The three lights came in a single line directly in line of the handle of the sky rear on my front porch and observed their movements, and while we could clearly see them three lights started gov- ing it. an extreme high speed in the direction of the Southeast. The lights, but varied slightly in the distance between each other as they were in that formation of three different objects. They were maintaining an approximate formation as they flew. They did fly in a completely straight line which would fly, but they seemed to bounce up and down some what as they varied the distance from each other. They were out of sight in approximately three to four minutes.

Our farm is situated on State Road 581 in Pasco County midway between Brooksville and Dade City.

If it should be within your power to offer some explanation, we certainly would appreciate hearing from you.

Very truly,

[signature redacted]

- page 6 -

[stamp: DECLASSIFIED]

[Redacted letterhead with "COMPANY" and reference number "8-572"]

TAMPA, FLORIDA

[redacted]

AND

[redacted]

November 19, 1962

Captain Raymond Henry
Base Information Officer
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida

Dear Captain Henry:

This will confirm my telephone conversation with you a few moments ago with relation to the unusual sight that my wife and I witnessed this past Saturday evening at approximately 9:00 P.M.

This sight was of such unusual proportions that it is my opinion that it does demand some explanation and some thought and some investigation on the part of the proper agency within our government.

While sitting on an open front porch facing the East, my wife and I witnessed several shooting stars. We suddenly observed what appeared to be an airplane flying at an extremely high altitude approaching our house out of the Northeast. This object appeared to have two extreme wing-lights and one light in the center. We continued to assume the object to be an airplane until we suddenly realized that it was no longer moving. The three lights came to a complete stop in the middle of the sky. To know that they were at a complete stop as I related them in the sky to a post on my front porch and observed in this manner for approximately five minutes. After this lapse of time, the three lights started moving at extremely high speed in the direction of the Southeast. The lights no longer were fixed in position in relation to the other two lights, but varied slightly in the distance between each other as they flew in that direction. They were obviously three different objects, but they were maintaining an approximate formation as they flew. They did not fly in a completely straight line as an airplane would fly, but they seemed to bounce up and down some what as they varied the distance between each other. They were out of sight in approximately three to five minutes. We were positively amazed.

Our farm is situated on [redacted] in Pasco County midway between Brooksville and Dade City.

If it should be within your power to offer some explanation, we certainly would appreciate hearing from you.

Very truly, [redacted]

FLS/bb

WE SELL DEALERS ONLY

- page 7 -

HEADQUARTERS
836TH AIR DIVISION (TAC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
MACDILL AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA

REPLY TO
ATTN OF     DOA                                                    3 0 NOV 1962

SUBJECT     Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO) Sighting

TO          AFSC (FTD)
             Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1.    In accordance with AFR 200-2 dated 20 July 1962 the ensuing report is
submitted. Preliminary analysis confirms that the observer - a mature,
stable college graduate of sound judgement, sighted some unusual phenomenon
which is beyond the scope of this headquarters to satisfactorily explain.

2.    Basis data in accordance with paragraph 14, AFR 200-2 follows:

      a.    Description of the Object(s): A cluster of three "second magnitude",
star-like lights which, on approach and during "hovering" maintained a
stable relative horizontal formation. Upon departure after hovering,
relative positions changed in a "bouncing" manner, as phenomenon increased
in distance with decreased intensity from the observer, to ultimately merge
into the starry environment of the sky.

             (1)   Although an unusually clear night, no specific shape configuration
could be established.

             (2)   UFO(s) graduated in subtended size from approximately that of
a pin head to the head of a match (at arms length) from initial sighting
20° above horizon, through approach and hovering (about 45° above horizon).
Departure variation was substantially similar; all references were corroborated
by observer's wife.

             (3)   Star-like light, of second magnitude order.

             (4)   Three distinct lights, to form a cluster (formation).

             (5)   Stable relative positions along horizontal plane at initial
sighting, during approach - with an apparent increase in size, and during
"fixed" period. Upon departure, relative positions changed in irregularly-
controlled manner.

             (6)   No other distinguishing features visible.

             (7)   No tail, trail, or exhaust visible.

      (d)   Relatively still night; but no sound or noise audible relative
to sighting.

- page 8 -

(9) A definite impression that UFO(s) were under deliberate and complete control at all times.

b. Description of Course of Object(s):

(1) While seated on the front porch of their ranch home, observer and his wife were looking at the unusually clear sky. Perceptible movements of lights, stars, etc. were vividly apparent. Their attention was drawn to the approach of UFO(s), whose movement and actions held their interest.

(2) First observed approximately 20° above horizon, approaching from NE (1 to 2 o'clock position), approaching (growing larger) in straight path toward viewers, gaining elevation to about 45° above horizon where "hover" occurred.

(3) From hover position (1 to 2 o'clock/45° elevation), object(s) turned an apparent 90° left from their direction of approach, decreasing in size, intensity, and elevation until lost within the sky's background (toward the southeastward from turn-point, at 20° elev.). Relative azimuth at disappearance was approximately 3 - 4 o'clock to original sighting.

(4) Approaching visibly from one o'clock/20° elev directly toward viewer during 3 - 4 minutes of time at 1 o'clock/45° elev, then moving toward UFO(s)' southeast in an irregular "bouncy" formation. Disappeared at 3 - 4 o'clock/20° elevation, merging with background of the sky. Relative size, elevations, and light intensities corroborated description of flight path.

(5) Rapidly (3-5 minutes) in southeasterly direction, toward viewers 3-4 o'clock position. Assuming observer facing North throughout period.

(6) Total time estimated between 11 to 15 minutes.

c. Manner of Observation:

(1) Ground - visual. (20/20 vision, observer and wife).

(2) No optical aids available, or used.

(3) Observer in fixed position on ground.

d. Time and Data of Sighting:

(1) 18/0200Z November, 1962.

(2) Night; unusually clear, with no restrictions to visibility.

e. Location of Observer(s): 28°26'N, 82°22'W.

f. Identifying Information on Observer(s):

(1) [redacted section] Tampa, Fla.;

2.

- page 9 -

successful Wholesale Furniture firm official. Mature, college graduate, former Captain U.S. Marine Corps (4 years). Sober, perceptive, objective individual of sound judgement. Confident and capable demeanor confirms my conviction that source is completely reliable as to credibility and observations. Very reluctant to report at the outset, after much careful deliberation he decided to make the enclosed report. Friendly, cheerful, and willingly cooperative in follow-up investigation. Obviously not given to sensationalism. Mr. _______ embodies high qualities of character, integrity, and reliability.

g. Weather and Wind Conditions:

(1) Unusually clear night, all stars and movements in the sky were vividly apparent. No clouds, fog, or other restrictions to visibility.

(2) MacDill AFB weather records: Surface - 160/4; 6,000' - 330/10; 10,000' - 230/35; 15,000' - 240/35; 20,000' - 230/35; 30,000' - 240/25; 50,000' - 260/40.

(3) Ceiling - clear.

(4) Visibility - more than 15.

(5) No clouds.

(6) No thunderstorms.

(7) Average vertical temperature gradiant was 3/4°C per 1000' from surface to 30,000 MSL. (Substance inversion existed from 5,000' to 8,000' MSL).

h. None.

i. None.

j. Tampa International Airport (about 20 mi. South of observer) released Radiosonde at 17/2400Z.

k. Position, title, comments of preparing officer: Assistant Base Operations Officer, Major Jack H. Bond. Observer is considered to be completely believable in his sighting. Of well above average intelligence and background, he is well equipped to render objective conclusions with sound judgement and clarity. He obviously sighted some unusual and extraordinary phenomenon, which is beyond our capabilities to explain. Consultation with local FAA, RAPCON, ACS/W (manual), Weather, and Navigational agencies reveals no explanation for the nature or identity of the sighting.

3.

- page 10 -

Since it is conceivable that certain other agencies in the Southeast U.S. might have knowledge of activities which could account for the phenomenon, information copies of this complete correspondence have been forwarded as indicated below.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[handwritten: Lowell L Sanders]

LOWELL L. SANDERS
Lt Colonel, USAF
Base Director of Operations

1 Atch
Ltr from Mr. [redacted]

Copies to:
3201 AB Wg
Eglin AFB, Fla

MOADS (MOCDC-O)
Gunter AFB, Ala

4.

- page 11 -

TAMPA, FLORIDA

AND

Mr. J. Allen Hynek          Page 2          April 17, 1963

I wish that some professional observer could have the opportunity to see these objects. May I point out that this past Saturday night I saw a night of clear skies with hundreds of normal stars in the heavens. We saw only two moving stars this time instead of three. When they stop, they look for all the world like fixed stars in the sky.

From a patriotic point of view, I should like to have a trained observer witness these flying stars, but this would be for you to decide.

Very truly yours,

[signature - redacted]

FLS:RO

- page 12 -

[stamp: DECLASSIFIED]

[illegible]

TAMPA, FLORIDA

AND

April 17, 1963

Mr. Allen Hynek, Director
Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Mr. Hynek:

Your correspondence will reveal that you wrote to me on January 7, 1963, pertaining to my report of a strange sighting in the sky. You asked that I provide additional details, or else phone either you or some time. I attempted to telephone you, but I was told that you were out of the state. After delaying my call for three and one-half months, I decided it would difficult to now come up with more supplies the operator with well-defined New Mexico, but I decided to write.

I hope you have the file to my original report to the Air Force. I have not answered your original request for more information because I felt inadequate to explain the strangeness beyond my original report. I find that it is difficult to be articulate in describing the details.

I am now prompted by the fact that my wife and I again saw the same "objects" in the same spot of the sky at approximately the same time, while sitting on the same front porch.

Frankly, we had almost forgotten about the matter and it was completely coincidence that we observed again. We use this farm house at night only every fourth week or so, and then only for a Saturday night.

These "stars" may be present every night for I do not know because I have not tried to observe; but let me say that these "stars" are not stars, but are unidentified flying objects that demand some explanation.

- page 13 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: November 1962

2. LOCATION: [illegible]

3. DATE-TIME GROUP: [illegible]

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: [illegible]

5. [illegible]

6. UNIT: [illegible]

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: [illegible] TIMES

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: [illegible]

9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Star or 2 second red star-like object observed. Later position indicated object hovered, disappeared by rapid into woods. No shape. Approx bad hovered 20 ft or so up in sky where it remained. So no noise, white lighted, additional 1 a time. Data to be investigated that old haze over tinted times.

10. COMMENTS:
[illegible] at this time. No indication that the object had any control; of the a's.

[Note: This page is heavily degraded and much of the text is illegible or partially obscured. The transcription above represents what can be discerned from the visible portions of this Project Blue Book record card.]

- page 14 -

