PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
7 October 1962

2. LOCATION
Springfield, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
GMT 07/0520Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. PHOTO
No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
Varied

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Amber obj observed fm moving auto. Appeared and disappeared into cloud base. Appeared as a light only. Movement random. Gave appearance of being solid. Fuzzy or blurred irregular shape, sometimes domelike only inverted. WX conditions stormy. Witness considered/if the rptd time of sighting was correct. The star Altair was setting at the time of sighting; however, more likely the sighting was caused by a light reflection in a ground light other than astro body.

11. COMMENTS
Moon at 19 on Ecliptic with declination of -20 45. Moon set was at 2346, or about 30 mins prior to sighting.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other: Reflection/Light
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Ground


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Officer 4th Cty. W.P.A.F.B. (O.D.)
Day         Date        Month        Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes     No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
It might have been due to the storm as I believe the moon was so out that eve. However I have generally noticed the moon to the north or behind me at really close distance. I have this write occasionally a week 4-5 times) also starts that of the storm (cause). I might have been a light reflection from them on. However, I'm not sure of this.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repost information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observastion in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [redacted]
SIGNATURE: [redacted]
DATE: 22 Oct. 1962

I was traveling west on new route #40 from Springfield, O. to Dayton, Ohio. When I was in the area of Bran del (overpass) I looked over to my right when I saw a strange triangular shaped light, which in a few seconds changed to a oblong or cigar shaped light, which then changed into a inverted dome shaped object. All of this time I was driving at about 50 - 55 M.P.H. in 1961 Ford 1100 sedan, also this light or object was always to my right (north) or as it was a few minutes later to my front (west to northwest). Of course the road does change direction around the Bran overpass. After light or object remain in front of me for several minutes until it seemed to pickup or rather moved behind a mass which hid it from view until I was nearing the Dayton city limits. Seemed to see it from a far distance. At this time it was a crescent shape(con't)


- page 3 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of this object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

-IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [blank]

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]

ADDRESS [partially visible: Dayton, Ohio]

TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]

Age: 26     Sex: 112

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent:
I have no special education in this field, I keep as I am not qualified to [illegible] to speak. I only can report what I have actually seen.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:   23   Oct   62
                                            Day   Month   Year


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 10

in the distant west circular. When I entered the city it was no longer in view. The whole action lasted only 30 - min. (approx)

This is exactly what I have seen. I hope that this information will be of some value for your research of these so aerial phenomena.


- page 5 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

TO: TD-E (Lt Col Friend)

REMARKS:
Following extracted from Capt [redacted] OD
Report dtd 7 Oct 62:

UFO reported by AF officer of sighting
made around 1215 AM by: [redacted] (business
extension) [redacted]. Report made around 1:15
AM. Suggested follow up be made by Lt Col
Friend's office. (during duty hours of the
sighting).

No. 11

FROM: [signature]
DATE: 8 Oct 62
PHONE: 59117

DD FORM 95 (Replace DD Form 94, 1 Feb 60 and DD Form 96, 1 Sep 60 which will be used until exhausted)


- page 6 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TD-4/Col Ryan
UDO Sighting (                )                                      8 October 1962

Dear Mr. 

As per your telephone conversation with Sgt Moody concerning
your sighting of 27 October 1962, we are sending a question-
aire (AF Form 164) to be completed by you and returned to us
in the self-addressed envelope provided.

Sincerely,

[Signature]
DWIGHT H. NYE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

1 Atch
AF Form 164


- page 7 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
7   Oct.   1962
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 12   20
           Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
              b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: Easton   City or Town                State or County
Additional remarks: Little Traveling, Visitor went 40 degrees between Springfield & Dayton, Ohio

5. How long was object in sight?   15-20
                                   Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? By the distance object traveled with the aid of map inside width

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                   NIGHT
a. Bright             a. Bright
b. Cloudy             b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
              b. In back of you      e. Overhead
              c. To your right       f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD JUL 61 164   This form supersedes ATIC 164, Feb 60, which is obsolete.


- page 8 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break-up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No

e. Binoculars       Yes   No
f. Telescope        Yes   No
g. Theodolite       Yes   No
h. Other            Yes   No


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound not heard
    b. Color amber type of glow

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch with annotations:]
Clouds (after storm)
Object (glowing)
RT #40
CITY
OF
ENON (approx location)

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One):   a. Fuzzy or blurred
                    b. Like a bright star
                    c. Sharply outlined
                    d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[The rest of the page is blank]


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
[Handwritten note: seemed to move ahead at a very slow rate of speed if it moved at all]
[A simple line drawn from A to B]

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match heads?
[Handwritten response: 1/3 to 1/2 the size]

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[Handwritten response: By breaking up into parts]

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[Handwritten response: The moon at one time briefly - two a little interested as to look like this - it had a definite dome shape and gave off a color as a harvest moon would have close.]


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

[Handwritten text, partially illegible, appears to read:]
Iwas returning from Springfield O. was driving west on route 40 at night. I glanced over to my right and saw this. Bright lights, at first thought it was on my right. I was driving with some traffic light on, and I slowed down to look at the object.

28. IF You were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest
                                     g. West
                                     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? 50-55 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest
                                     g. West
                                     h. Northwest
                                     i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest
                                     g. West
                                     h. Northwest
                                     i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North________degrees.
b. From horizon________degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North________degrees.
b. From horizon________degrees.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch on example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 13 -

