The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from Project Blue Book, which is a report of an unidentified flying object sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: November 1962
2. LOCATION: Sudan, E. Africa
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: 01/15302Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: G - Ground-Visual
5. DURATION OF OBSERVATION: 20 minutes
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
7. COURSE: East
8. RADAR TRACK: Nil
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: none
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Object resembling small cloud rising in course slightly to the North where it disappeared. Object may have been transparent, silvery or colorless object. Shape varied slightly as though under distant reflection of the sun's rays. Believed to be a cloud of some sort.
11. CONCLUSIONS: Unknown

The record card provides a detailed description of the sighting, including the date, location, duration, and characteristics of the observed object. The text indicates that the object was a small cloud-like object that rose and disappeared to the north, with its appearance varying slightly as if under the reflection of the sun's rays. The observer concluded that the object was likely a cloud of some sort.

- page 1 -

There is no visible photograph in the image provided. The image appears to be a scanned page from a report document.

Atomic Testing Commission 
Cape Canaveral, Florida

U. S. A.

Dear Sirs:

I thought you might be interested in a strange phenomena we witnessed over here on the 5th of this month. Also, perhaps some information or explanation of what we saw. I shall try to explain it.

About 3:30 p.m. on the 5th, we noticed like a small cloud arise in the West. It gradually worked its way overhead, then seemed to change course and travel toward the East. It appeared to be a solid mass, almost like a mushroom cloud, and took about fifteen to twenty minutes to pass.

It was found to have more mass than any cloud I have ever seen. The object was grey in color and stayed together. The night was clear and starry with a silver of moon. To get an estimate of size, we held up a pencil at arm's length and the object covered the pencil. The size was also judged to be much higher than clouds and appeared to have a bell-shaped upper part, though it was much higher than clouds and appeared to have a bell-shaped upper part.

The object seemed to discharge some small white objects from its side, which seemed to drift away. And these appeared to be glowing. After this main object had disappeared from our view, there remained in the sky a wisp or trail of some kind for a time, but it gradually faded away.

The sun had set at about 5:30 p.m., our time, which would be 11:30 GMT, thus was travelling Eastward around the earth and as it came overhead was getting out of the sun's illumination. Hence none of us would have expected to see such a high object so late in the day, yet we did see it.

Could this have been the "cloud" formed by the water that was released by some nuclear explosion, however, we wondered if it could have been a mass of radio-active fallout from a recent atmospheric test. The last one over the Indian Ocean was on the 1st we saw of it.

We would appreciate hearing from you if you have any explanation for this.

The reaction of some of the local people was somewhat humorous. Some thought it was a "spirit" of some kind and were scared out of their wits. Many were convinced to have been what it was to have it explained to them.

Thank you very much.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature redacted]

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be an aerogramme, which is a type of lightweight airmail envelope with the letter preprinted on the inside. The aerogramme has text printed in English and Arabic, including the sender's name and address as "Mr. _____, Guar, via Kurnie, Sudan, E. Africa", and a postmark from the Canal Zone dated "NOV 22 1962 P.M."

Atomic Testing Commission
Cape Canaveral, Florida
U.S.A.

Sender's name and address:
Mr. _____, Guar, via Kurnie,
Sudan, E. Africa

IF ANYTHING IS ENCLOSED
THIS LETTER MAY BE SENT
BY ORDINARY MAIL

- page 3 -

