PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
30 August 1962

2. LOCATION
Bickmore, West Virginia

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 9:30
GMT: 21/0930

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not reported

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Youth saw flying saucer on dark cloudy night. Oval shape, solid, dull red, speed 60 mph at 5,000 feet. Humming sound. Disappeared into clouds. Witness believer in "flying saucers."

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation

4. SOURCE
Civilian

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
not reported

11. COMMENTS
Duration not reported. Nothing conflicting with a/c analysis. Sighting in August of 1962 rptd by letter in June 1963.


- page 1 -

No 'Case (Information Only)                                17 August 1962
                                                                    Boda & Rana, Norway

GLOBAL SIGHTINGS: Norway- 5/17/62 Flying Saucer Review - Jan.-Feb. 1965. Two of the two large newspaper reports took place near the district of Boda & Rana. It is 500 miles N of Trondheim and is a large area. Pilots went to have a look at a luminous object that was sighted on the same day above a very pilot spotted the object he saw. It was a clear view of it from underneath. It was impossible to estimate size or character of the object. He followed as is claimed and at 33,000 feet he had to abandon the pursuit no photo taken. Weather per crew did not fit this, or a balloon. Its movement plus size it was a balloon. The crew had a luminous cupola and the bottom 2 windows. It was near from 15.30 until 10.30 p.m. The usual balloon answer was given by authorities, BUT this balloon QUALIFIED an airplane.


- page 2 -

Minister Observes
Yellow Object

The Reverend W. S. Mowery of Tipp
City, Ohio, reports the following: On
August 17 at 9:30 p.m. he was traveling
north on County Road 61 just north and
west of the Dayton (Ohio) Municipal
Airport when a large and bright yellow
light crossed the highway directly ahead
of his car. It was at about 45 degrees
elevation and appeared in about same
flight altitude as a plane coming in for
a landing at the field, but the speed and
direction of flight made the Reverend
question whether or not the craft could
land. The light was a bright yellow and
no other light was visible; it seemed to
be about six inches in diameter and as
it crossed the highway the Reverend
could see the light reflecting upward
on the bottom of the object but could
not see its shape or size. It appeared
to be just a fst. dark object just above
and to the rear of the light.

The light was traveling in a northwest
direction on a perfectly flat course. It
was traveling so fast that Rev. Mowery
could easily observe the light growing
smaller as it proceeded away from him
and within a matter of 10 seconds it
disappeared in the distance. The car
window was down so he checked for
sound and there was none. Rev. Mowery
asserts that he is familiar with jets and
other planes, but could find no explanation for this object.

Handwritten notes at top of page: "Dayton, Ohio" and "AF Bulletin"


- page 3 -

17 AUG 62   INFORMATION ONLY   NO CASE

August 31, 1962

Officer in Charge,
Unidentified Flying Objects
Wright-Patterson A.F.B.
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

In the event that radar picked up an unidentified object at 12:10 a.m. Friday, August 17, 1962, in the vicinity of Greenville (Ohio) and traveling southeast toward Reading (Ohio), my wife and I might add something to your information. At that particular time there was an intense electrical storm in this area.

We noted that the Friday Cincinnati radio and newspapers carried no mention of such an observation, hence our report to you. If a report is desired by your office, please let us know.

Very truly yours,

[Signature redacted]
Greenville 18, Ohio


- page 4 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Top right]
OFFICER IN CHARGE, U.F.O.
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

[Postmark]
CINCINNATI, OHIO
SEP 7
1962

[Stamp/Postage]
(A postage stamp is visible with vertical lines and what appears to be a portrait)

Note: Some text appears to be blacked out or obscured, so I cannot read those portions.


- page 5 -

No Case (Information Only)                   19 August 1962
                                                       Sheffield, England

Source:    APRO Bulletin July 1962

Saucer at Sheffield Reservoir

[The rest of the text is too illegible to accurately transcribe. There appears to be a paragraph of text, but the details cannot be clearly made out.]


- page 6 -

Information Only
Source: A.F.O. Bulletin, November 64

Omaha Visited By Light

Late in the evening preceding August 21, 1962, a bright light was seen in the sky over Omaha, Nebraska. It made its appearance shortly after 9 p.m. Observers noticed such characteristics as abrupt forward movement and the direction of its disappearance each time. The weather bureau told the press that the object was possibly some type of aircraft, after they ruled out weather phenomena or artificial satellites as an explanation.

When queried about the object the Strategic Air Command had no offering to make toward identification of the object. Such a failure to identify is tantamount to inability to identify.

Omaha, Nebraska
20 August 1962


- page 7 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   26 August 1968
                                                                       Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

Source: APRO Bulletin July 1968

Another "Mogul" Ship?

[The rest of the text appears to be partially illegible due to image quality, but I will transcribe what I can clearly read:]

[First paragraph appears to discuss something about a UFO or unidentified object, but specific details are difficult to make out]

[Subsequent paragraphs mention something about Venus and some kind of observation, but again, the text is not fully clear]

The bottom of the document seems to describe some kind of incident involving something moving or flying, but the details are not completely legible.


- page 8 -

No Case (Information Only)                   23 August 1962
                                                       Sheffield, England

Source:   APRO Bulletin July 1963

[The rest of the text is partially illegible due to the poor image quality. While some words and phrases are visible, I cannot confidently reproduce the entire text without potentially introducing errors.]


- page 9 -

No Case (Information Only)                                     about 28 August 1962
                                                                         Dolores, Argentina

About August 28th, a bright-lit UFO was photographed on the ground, 300 yards from National Highway Number Two, near the city of Dolores, Argentina. The pictures were taken late at night from a moving car by Jose Sallemi, who was travelling with his parents at the time. The witnesses say that the car was about 10 yards away. Sallemi also stated that "human-like figures were moving about inside the machine".


- page 10 -

No. Case (Information Only)                                about 29 August 1962
                                                                    Gouve, Brazil

BRAZIL - GOUVE: The Rio de Janeiro Journal on 8-29-62 reported "More than 50 people
of Gouve say they have seen a flying saucer" crossing swiftly, in a northerly direction and changing course toward the 15th (Honras) area). It was, perhaps, the size of a football (soccer) and was seen for 2 minutes. It unified a course of luminosity. In Brazilia, i.e., 60 miles from Gouve, others, more than 100 persons say they saw a very similar object. The local parish said the flying saucer flew over the church slowly then increased its speed greatly and disappeared.


- page 11 -

June 18, 1963

Dear Sir

& Jr. not very intent to obtain
the U.S distance & left want
make a Report and give you some
details

On the 30 Day of August in 1962
at 10:30 p.m. I saw a flying saucer
in a dark cloudy night it
called to the shape to the object
it was oval shaped a solid dull Red
and it moved caused along at a speed of
about 6,000 mph and about 5,000 ft
it made a humming sound and
disappeared into the cloudy
this no one to our the air base to say
that it was, I believe more or
impossible

the air base can't prove that the
saucer are official intention
or attempt more implication
when you can pick up saucer on
radar, why do you deny their
existence


- page 12 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   29 August 1962
                                                                       Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio

LOCAL SIGHTINGS - Cont'd-
Cuyahoga Falls, O.    6/29/62
1145 Ft, EST. Two observers
saw a large white light (van-
us like in size) low in the
North. It sounded to be over
a building on 9th St. The ob-
ject was estimated to be less
than 150 yds distant and just
above the trees in the area,
(10° elev.). The startled
pair said that it hovered for
about 5 secs, it then moved
slowly a short distance di-
rectly right and horizontally
(east). It stopped for just
a second or two and then con-
tinuing at high speed, it moved
out of view behind trees.
It was not seen again. Esti-
mated duration 15 secs. - no
sound or trail.


- page 13 -

1 - 5 SEPTEMBER 1962 SIGHTINGS

Date    Location                Observer                   Evaluation
Sep     Snohomish, Washington   (N.B.Y. REDACT)            Other (CINDER)
Sep     Gary, Minnesota          (PHYS. SPECIMEN) Other    Other (SLAG)
1       Antigo, Wisconsin        Military                  Astro (METEOR)
1       03.085 35.560 (Atlantic)                           Other (MISSILE)
2       34.38N 163.03E (Pacific)                           INSUFFICIENT DATA
2       Jackson, Minnesota                                 INSUFFICIENT DATA
4       Joplin, Missouri                                   INSUFFICIENT DATA
4       Quincy, Washington                                 Other (ALUMINUM)
5       North Central US, Manitowoc, Wisc.                 PHYS. SPECIMEN Other
5       Priest Lake, Idaho       Multiple                  Other (SLAG)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

Date    Location                Source                     Evaluation
Sep     Peru                    News Clipping              (blank)
Sep     Orlead, Calif.          "                          (blank)
2       Chicago, Ill.           "                          (blank)
3       San Juan, Argentina     "                          (blank)


- page 14 -

I have had a case of multiple investigation going to say that you are witchality information from the public & may that you are signing with possible before that others

I will believe that the sailors are William on cloud formation, why don't you state that this is a kind out if they are will a really & on a citizen of the U.S. & think it could securing, why keep it a secret, tell the American people this would like kind of profit to you have to get the sailors and the people themselves


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

the night is dark and clear, you can see it
with the naked eye as a hazy spot of light.
But photographs through great telescopes
are required to bring out its detail, and to
show its structure, which is a spiral.
Astronomers formerly thought that one
Galaxy was considerably larger than the
one in Andromeda. But now they know that
they had underestimated Andromeda's distance, which may put it at about 800,000 light
years. Now it turns out to be about three
times as far. Therefore, to look the same
apparent size in the sky, it has to be larger.
In fact, it now seems that the Milky Way is
smaller or the two.

Celestial Time Table for August

August
3
5
12
14
16
17

EST
3:00 a.m. Moon passes north of Venus
1:00 a.m. Moon farthest distance 251°
1:05 a.m. Moon rises
early a.m. Meteors visible apparently
falling from Persius
4:00 p.m. Moon passes north of Saturn
4:10 p.m. Full moon
6:00 p.m. Moon rises
1:00 a.m. Moon nearest; distance 224°

23
24
29
34

4:27 a.m. Moon in last quarter
5:00 p.m. Moon passes south of Mars
6:00 p.m. New moon
10:00 a.m. New moon and nearest earth; distance 170,000
miles

Subtract one hour for CST, two hours for
MST, and three hours for PST.
Dated: Washington, D.C. 25, July 28, 1962

Alligator weed and water-hyacinth are
the worst aquatic weeds in the U.S. Southeast.

A new hormone drug which puts weight
on people and has virility no masculinizing effects has been discovered.

The atmospheric density can be measured
by the rate at change of the period of a
satellite as it orbits the earth caused by
collisions with the atoms and molecules of
the atmosphere.


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

ASTRONOMY                                                                SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for July 28, 1962

Vega, Brightest Star, Overhead
Venus, Saturn, Jupiter and Mars appear in the August
sky and Vega, the brightest of the visible stars shines overhead
in the constellation of Lyra, James Stokley reports.

> WITH THE COMING of August the
sun sets earlier than is old at the beginning
of the summer, and as longer evenings give
a good opportunity to see or trace bright
stars, this is a good time to observe the sky.
And in the middle of the night, while
the last two are still visible in the west,
Mars rises in the east.

Venus, brightest of the quartet, appears
low in the west after sunset and hangs
before any other star or planet is visible. It
is not on the same path as the sun, but will
show the sky as it looks about 10 p.m. your
own kind of standard time (add one hour
for daylight saving time) at the beginning
of August; an hour earlier at the middle
of the month; and an hour earlier at the end
of the month. By this time, Venus has dropped
below the horizon.

Venus Much Brighter

At the start of August Jupiter becomes
visible in the east at about the same time
that Venus is going out of sight. By the end
of the month, however, both planets will
have changed their positions. Venus will be
dusk. Only Venus, more than three and a
half times as brilliant, is brighter than
Jupiter, which can thus be easily located—in
the southeast in the constellation of Aquarius, the water carrier.

Saturn is a little to the right, in Capricornus, the sea goat. It is about a twelfth
bright as Jupiter, but still equals a bright
star of the first magnitude.

If you have a clear view in that direction
you will see Mars low in the east about 1:30
a.m. at the start of August. Mars is about
bright as Saturn—about equal to a faint
star of the first magnitude. At the beginning
of August it is in Taurus, the bull; then it
moves into Gemini, the twins.

Vega, which is directly overhead in the
constellation of Lyra, the Lyre, is the brightest star in the sky at this time of the year.
Deneb, in Cygnus, the swan, toward the
northeast, and Altair, in Aquila, the eagle,
to the southwest, low in the southwest, in
Scorpius, the scorpion, you will see Antares,
the heart of the scorpion. Antares is of the
magnitude, but its low altitude makes it
look somewhat fainter.

Or in the west is Arcturus, in Bootes,
the herdsman. And next to this group, in
the northwest, is the great dipper, pointing
to the north star. In it is the great dipper,
part of the lower bear, Ursa Minor.
Polaris, the pole star, is at the end of the
little dipper's handle. Further right is Castor and Pollux, and his queen, Cassiopeia,
to the south, just in the sky of Scorpius.

to imagine these stars forming such a figure,
particularly the kind of an archer that was
represented on the old star maps. The picture is an outline of the constellation of
Sagittarius. If you look just above the southeastern horizon, just above the curved tail of the scorpion, The lid is toward the constellation of Ophiuchus, the serpent bearer (the lid).

When the lid is open (see the lid), perhaps this is called an open lid. Because this is a
celestial lid, it is a competition with the bright lights in
and around a large city. The Milky Way is
generally invisible. But get out into the
country, away from the city's glare and
noise, on a clear moonless night, look north
from the northeastern sky, in the constellations of Perseus, through Cassiopeia, Cepheus, Cygnus and Aquila, into Sagittarius.

If you look at the Milky Way through
even a small telescope you will find that it
consists of a vast swarm of stars. Most of
these are not visible to the naked eye, but
there are so many that they form a pathway
of light.

The Milky Way is really the main part
of the Galaxy, the stellar system in which
we live. If you hold two soup plates together, facing each other, you have a pretty
good idea of the shape of our Galaxy—a
like a hundred billion stars. Its diameter is
about 100,000 light years. That is, it is about
of light, traveling 186,000 miles every second, would take 100,000 years to cross it.
It is about 10,000 light years thick at the
center. The sun, with its accompanying
planets, is located about two-thirds of the
way out from the center, or about 30,000
light years from the center.

Understanding this, you can see why the
Milky Way presents the appearance it does.
When we look toward the center of the
Milky Way galaxy we are looking into a
depth of 50,000 light years. But when we
look toward the sun's position, we look out
about 20,000 light years. Thus we cannot see nearly
as many stars as we do toward the center.
There they are far more concentrated,
which produces the Milky Way effect. It is
brighter toward Sagittarius, for that is the
direction of the center, where the stars are
most numerous.

When astronomers refer to the Milky
Way, they mean that part of the sky which
appears as a faint, luminous band across the
millions of other galaxies beyond it, scattered through space.

One of these, and a close neighbor, is in
the constellation of Andromeda, seen low in
the northeast. When higher in the sky, if

[The rest of the text is cut off]

The document also contains two star charts showing the positions of various celestial objects in the August sky.


- page 17 -

Here is the OCR text from the page:

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for July 28, 1962

SPACE
Spacecraft Reentry Faces
Higher Temperatures

WHITE HOT temperatures two and a half times greater than previously estimated await space vehicles reentering the atmosphere, according to a report by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to have been made at a previous heat barrier estimation to prevent delays in the lunar space program. The findings were reported by John F. Scals and Walter Warren of General Electric's Missile and Space Vehicle Department in Valley Forge, Pa.

A space vehicle returning from the moon could be buffeted by heat reaching 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit, the scientists believe. The shock wave is formed by the compression of air in front of the speeding space vehicle.

A newly developed "hypervelocity shock tube" was used in arriving at the new temperature estimates. The shock tube, electrically heated helium gas "piston" drives an air mass ahead much faster, creating heat seizure to that encountered by a space vehicle hurtling back to earth. The tube can generate air temperatures of millions of a second's long enough to measure the heat ramified from the air to the model.

MEDICINE
Formula for Artificial
Blood Plasma Sought

A FAST ACTION electronic computer to solve a recipe for artificial blood plasma is being used at the Mesorje Medical Research Laboratory, (Univ. N.Y.). Dr. Lawrence G. Cerny, Plasma is the fluid portion of blood, minus the blood cells.

The computer is programmed by Dr. Cerny, an established investigator of the American Heart Association, is probing by the widespread use of heart lung machines, in open heart surgery. Normally the blood is cooled and the computer is the first to test of the body to that surface temperature can be altered by the air on the street, yoking, dealing in narcotics or gambling.

In emergencies, when surgery cannot be postponed, artificial plasma must be used to prime the machine. In their investigations, the computer helps to determine the "ideal" artificial plasma, Dr. Cerny said. "Our artificial plasma should be as cool as blood."

TECHNOLOGY
Transistorized TV Used
For Developing Countries

A MAJOR step forward in educational television to be used in developing countries of the world has been announced by the U.S. Agency for International Development. The new transistorized TV set, designed by research, evaluation, and planning staff, made public the detail of a completely transistorized television receiver employing completely transistorized circuitry, with 3 23-inch screens, and requiring only 3 watts of power when operating on a simple 12-volt battery.

He noted that this is the first known television receiver with sufficient capacity to be used in community development educational programs where conventional sources of power are not available.

Need to develop this special type of television receiver results from the lack of an existing self-powered portable model of sufficient size for group viewing for educational purposes. In contrast with the 25-inch screen of the conventional transistorized TV set, this new model for developing nations has a nine-inch screen.

Largest single problem facing the developing nations is their lack of qualified teachers for schools and instructors for adult education programs.

PSYCHIATRY
Problem Youth Workers
Helped by New Grants

KEEPING UP with today's bad boys and girls, who get into less innocent delinquency, than young offenders and when caught, are helped by psychiatric experts who try to handle the problem.

Not only is the supply of workers not keeping up with the fast growing delinquency but workers who are available are not trained to cope with the present crop of juveniles.

GEOLOGY
New Zealand's Rivers
Of Ice Receding

RIVERS OF ICE in the South Island of New Zealand are receding. The famous Franz Joseph Glacier in South Westland has retreated 500 feet in one year (1960-61) and 1,500 feet since 1894, according to the New Zealand Geological Survey.

About eight and one-half miles long, the Franz Joseph Glacier, and its twin sister, the Fox Glacier, 15 miles away, are unchanged in their they reach down into subtropical forest. Nowhere else, outside the polar regions, are glaciers so accessible.

Lighter rainfall and snowfalls in the area since 1951 are responsible for the retreat. Heavy rainfall and snowfalls between 1941 and 1946 had allowed the glacier to advance slightly. The survey has retreated 1,960 feet. Photographs have been taken weekly since 1931 and several have attempted to survey the "snout".

The glacier will take several years at markedly high rainfall and cool weather to regain its former position toward the sea.


- page 18 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

1962

[Handwritten text, partially legible:]
Office of
Com. P. Gander
Dept. Coast Survey
Spec. Syst. 8
Syst. to Hault Strat. Genl. Con

[A black jagged shape/drawing with "CANADA" written next to it]


- page 19 -

No Case (Information Only)                16 August 1962
                                                    Akron, Ohio

LOCAL SIGHTINGS -
Akron, O. 8/6/62-4:30 AM
DST. Larry Moyers, (Co-Chairman) looked into the
NE sky from his bedroom window. He was surprised to
find a bright white light
done the size of Venus.
The use of binoculars (7x50)
made it possible for him to
see an orange cell-like object just to the right of
the white light. The two
lights started moving
toward him in a SW direction. Soon the object was
overhead and beyond, he
whole sighting covered an
estimated 120° of sky in
40 secs. When the white
part of the soundless object
was overhead, it appeared
to be three parts in line,
but as it receded to the
SW it quickly became one
white light again. The
orange light was seen
throughout the sighting.
No trail or conventional
aircraft lighting.-The estimated height - 5,000'.


- page 20 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   16 August 1962
                                                                       Santa Rosa, Argentina

On the night of August 16th, 25 to 30 people in Santa Rosa, Argentina, witnessed from near 1901, which appeared, from a "motor ship" and dashed off it great speed toward the horizon. The "motor ship" remained visible low in the sky for some time thereafter.


- page 21 -

