PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
14 October 1962

2. LOCATION
6 Mile, SW Pass, Mississippi

12. CONCLUSIONS
[X] Was Balloon
[ ] Probably Balloon
[ ] Possibly Balloon
[ ] Was Aircraft
[ ] Probably Aircraft
[ ] Possibly Aircraft
[X] Was Astronomical Meteor
[ ] Probably Astronomical
[ ] Possibly Astronomical
[ ] Other
[ ] Insufficient Data for Evaluation
[ ] Unknown

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT 15/05082

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual
[ ] Ground-Radar
[ ] Air-Visual
[ ] Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. [blank]

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
4-5 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
not rptd

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Obj leaving contrail observed to explode after 4-5 seconds. Not meteor. Estimated altitude 20,000ft.

11. COMMENTS
Although the witness indicated that the sighting was not meteor origin, the description conforms to that of a bolide and no info rptd to # indicate that this was not the obj sighted. Case evaluated as a meteor.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)

- page 1 -

No Case (Information Only)                4 October 1962
                                                    Argentina

[The following text appears in a heavily redacted/blacked out section, with only portions legible:]

particularly to within a few hundred feet of the ground. Where it remained stationary for a time, then "throwing out a stream of light from the UFO. then started moving closer and closer to his house, until finally it changed direction and ascended up out of sight briefly behind a nearby hill. It then rose at "incredible velocity" at a sharp angle, and disappeared into the sky. According to the account, the object was at one time only about 20 feet from the ground, and Trades [illegible] an inside it, a strange creature with many arms that moved about like tentacles.

- page 2 -

No Case (Information Only)                4 October 1962
                                                     Jacksonville, Florida


                                                     1952

[stamped/redacted section - text partially obscured but readable:]
in Jacksonville, Florida, a number of strange lights, accompanied
by power outages were reported on October 4th. One of the most unusual sta-
ries was told by Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Baker, who saw a ball of fire moving
through a field behind their house, just at twilight. Mrs. Baker said that she
looked out the window and saw a round ball with a pinkish light that almost
blinded her. It hovered outside her kitchen window, less than six feet away,
and then passed around the house, crossed the roof then flew on.
Another woman claimed that a formless glow moved right through her house,
greatly scaring her and her children.

- page 3 -

No Case (Information Only)                6 October 1962
                                                     Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio


Cuyahoga Falls-Oct 6, 1962-6:50 PM DST - -
Two high-school-age boys saw a large arti-
ficial shape in a break in the clouds.....
They described it as about 3 inches long at
arm's length, and its thickness was about
1/10 the length.   It was itself a source
of light.  "It looked like a plate turned
upside down", said one of them.  It was
seen for only a few seconds. The elev was
200°, directly W. It seemed to be over the
high overhead bridge on Rte 8. Obs Rob, Rich

- page 4 -

No Case (Information Only)                    7 October 1962
                                                       Witwatersand and
                                                       Pretoria, South Africa




SOUTH AFRICA: Oct. 7,1962. Witwatersand &
Pretoria - "Hundreds of people telephoned
the head of the Smithsonian tracking sta-
tion in Johannesburg. A bright flying ob-
ject emitting a vivid blue light was seen.
Mr. O'ivan appealed for help from anyone
who had seen the object. He said the ch-
ances are 9 of 10 that it hit the earth.

- page 5 -

NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY                                10 OCT 62


THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN

The A.P.R.O. Bulletin is the official copyrighted publication of the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (A.P.R.O.), 4145 E. Desert Place, Tucson, Arizona, an issued every other month to members only. The Aerial Phenomena Research Organization is a non-profit group dedicated to the eventual solution of the mystery of the unidentified objects which have been present in the skies for hundreds of years. Inquiries regarding membership may be made to the above address.

TUCSON, ARIZONA — NOVEMBER, 1962


GLOWING LIGHTS INVADE HOME

On Pampas Drive, which connects with Spring Park Road, an unidentified woman (by request) said a formerly "glow" moved through her house, out through the from near and along Pampas Drive. She said it was about a half a block long, and brilliantly illuminated a car and other objects in the vicinity. She said that as the glow moved through the house, it enveloped her, it made tangled "as if it had gone to sleep" and her children screamed through fear.

Mrs. Gladys Faucette of Cascade Road, the street from which Mrs. Bakers' fireball seemed to come, said she saw a glow descend to within 3 feet of the ground between her home and the adjacent house. She said the form was too vague to be described as ball-shaped, but she called it a "terribly big brilliance." She said the circuit which carries electricity to her bathroom and bedroom was knocked out about this time, and was still out the next morning.

On the 10th of October, residents on Spring Park Road, Jacksonville, Florida, observed strange small fireballs which had fuzzy outlines and stole silently around and among houses on that street. House lights dimmed and some went out entirely as the phenomena occurred. Mrs J. P. Baker said she was in her upstairs bedroom at twilight when her husband told her he had seen a ball of fire moving through a field behind the house. Mrs. Baker looked out her bedroom window and saw a "round ball, big as a No. 2 wash tub" which was pinkish in color and so brilliant it almost blinded her. She said it hovered outside her kitchen window apparently less than 6 feet away. Then it floated around the corner of the house and cross Spring Park Road. Harold Whitehead of Browning Fuel Oil Co. on Spring Park Road said he and two others saw a fireball gliding along a utility wire a block south on the oil company. "It was the size of a washtub, a blinding, whitish ball of fire. I watched it about five seconds. It moved about 10 or 20 feet during that time, then went out with a big 'pop.' Our lights were dim for about a half hour after," Whitehead reported.

- page 6 -

No Case (Information Only)     10 October 1962
                                         Akron, Ohio

[illegible section]

Akron, Ohio—Oct 10, 1962
A mother and daughter looking into the
west saw what appeared to be a twin sun
to the left and in line with the sun. The
light was slightly smaller then the sun.
It persisted for about 15-20 minutes. The
sky was clear—no explanation.  Probably
Prof. Menzel could explain this one.

- page 7 -

No Case (Information Only)                10 October 1962
                                                    Akron-Canton area, Ohio




Oct 10, Lauby Rd-alongside Akron-Canton [?]
Airport, 11:03-11:22 PM DST.  The large
yellow light appeared.....cont'd p 2-col 1.
MINOR SIGHTINGS,cont'd - in the SSR at 20-
25° elev. It was a single light when seen
through 7 x 50 binocs. It was not very
brilliant and not very distant. There was
a pulsation to a greater brilliance every
2-3 seconds. It drifted horizontally for
30° azimuth in 19 minutes. No sound-trail.

- page 8 -

No Case (Information Only)                    11 October 1962
                                                        Canton, Ohio


North Canton, Oct 11, 1962
A husband and wife who live near the airport saw a large lighted oblong or cigar-shaped object moving at extremely slow speed from E to W in the northern sky. The object was at 20° elev. at its highest point. Below this lighted object, red lights seemed to appear irregularly and singly. They were larger than ordinary airplane lights. The object travelled through 50° azimuth in 15min. It passed behind trees where the red lights continued to be seen. No sound. The size was compared to a dime at arm's length. Both declared that they knew the blimp when they saw it. "This wasn't it," they said. The Goodyear A.C. blimp was flying that night.

- page 9 -

[handwritten: INFORMATION ONLY, NO CASE.     11 OCT]

[handwritten: D-
agreed]

Holland, Michigan

Department of Defense
Office of Public Affairs
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Major,

I would like the story on the flying saucer inHolland, Michigan. This happened on Oct. 11. I would be very happy if you rushed it. It wasn't the plane from Thrifty Acres a store here.

[redacted section]

- page 10 -

[handwritten: Holland Miss]

[circular stamp: HOLLAND OCT 24 9:30pm 1962]

PRAY FOR PEACE

[handwritten: Dept. of Defense
Office of Public Affairs
Washington 25, D.C.]

[stamp: DECLASSIFIED]

[vertical text on right margin: ATIC FILE #2]

- page 11 -

NAVAL MESSAGE                UNCLASSIFIED                NAVY DEPARTMENT

PRECEDENCE          [ACTION]          RELEASED BY          DRAFTED BY          EXT. NO.
EMERGENCY
EMERGENCY           [INFO]

AF IN : 43440 (15 Oct 62) A/egad
1 1313032

FW CCGDEIGHT

TO RINGWU/THIRTYSECOND ADDIV SAGE OKLAHOMA CITY AFSTA
RUEAFB/CINCORAD
RUEGUR/COMEASTSEFAFRON
RUEAHQ/COFS USAF

INFO RUECW/SECNAV
RUECW/CNO
RUECJD/COMDT COGARD
RUEGUF/COMEASTAREA
RUCKKC/COMSIX
RUCKYC/COMEIGHT
RUCKSN/GOWFAIRWING ELEVEN
RUCKHC/CINCLANTFLT

UNCLAS

AT 0640S CAPT. [redacted] MISSISSIPPI RIVER PILOT REPORTED
THAT HE OBSERVED AN UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT AT 0518S BEARING
0530 DEGREES TRUE FROM MILE 6 SU PASS, MISSISSIPPI RIVER. POSITION
ANGLE 40 UP 45 DEGREES. ESTIMATED ALTITUDE 20,000 FEET. OBJECT
LIGHT CONTROLLED AND DISAPPEARED WITHIN 4 OR 5 SECONDS FROM
FIRST SIGHTING. NOT A METEORITE.

AF DIST: ACTION: CIN-9

INFO: OOF-2, OOP-CP-1, SAFS-3,=DIA-10, DIA/CIIC-3 (28)

-92/SECNAV...COG
UNSECNAV...ASTSECNAV..ASTSECNAV(R&D)..00..09..09R..09M..09D..03..33..
34..03..02..72..78..94..1P..NAVAIDE..CMC..JCS..CSA..CSAF..CIA..NIC
FLAGPLOT SFR

(CADVAACED OCOPIES BLVD)
NOTE: ADVANCE COPY TO DIA.

CONTROL NO.          CIRCUIT NO.     PAGE     OF     PAGES     TIME OF RECEIPT          DATE TIME GROUP
57851/WK/OB/M        4056            1              1           1342Z OCT 62             151303Z OCT 62

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 12 -

No Case (Information Only)                    13-14 October 1962
                                                        Buchan area, Scotland


F S REVIEW-Jan-Feb 1963
SCOTLAND-The Aberdeen Press and Journal of
Oct 15, 1962. "A mysterious red object
was seen in the sky over the Buchan area
this weekend. It was reported to have
travelled at high speed over Fraserburgh,
heading in the direction of Banff.
   Mr. Ketalic-who was in the RAF for 11
years said, "It was cone shaped; it was a
massive thing and it travelled very fast.
It was clearly defined and was certainly
like nothing I have seen before."

- page 13 -

No Case (Information Only)                    14 October 1962
                                                        Formosa, Argentina


During the evening of October 14th, a large group of people coming out from a home south of Formosa, Argentina, saw an object in the sky double the apparent size of the moon, and giving out a light so bright that it hurt their eyes to look at it. The UFO made various maneuvers and finally seemed to land briefly at some distance away, but the group was too frightened to make any investigation. At the same time the object was also seen by several fishermen in the vicinity.

- page 14 -

16 - 30 OCTOBER 1962 SIGHTINGS

DATE          LOCATION                           OBSERVER           EVALUATION
16            161.45N 16.09W (Atlantic)          Military           Insufficient Data
17            •Donaldsonville, Louisiana          [redacted]         Other (MISSILES)
17            •Stamford, Connecticut             [redacted]         Aircraft
18            •Chicago, Illinois                 [redacted]         Insufficient Data
18            •Nebraska-South Dakota             Milti              Astro (METEOR)
18            •37.12N 173.12W (Pacific)          Military           Insufficient Data
19            •Eutaw, Alabama                    [redacted]         Astro (SIRIUS)
20            •Bristol, Rhode Island             [redacted]         Other (PLASTIC)
20            •Wells, Maine                      [redacted]         Astro (METEOR)
20            •Pacific Grove, California         [redacted]         Astro (METEOR)
22            •65.20N 23.50W (Atlantic)          Military           Satellite
23            •60.14N 13.36W (Atlantic)          Military           Satellite
23            •Farmington, Utah "DUCK HUNTER CASE"  [redacted]       UNIDENTIFIED
25            •Neosho, Missouri                  Multi              Other (MUTATIONS TEST)
25            •Near Canton Island (Pacific)      Civil Air          Insufficient Data
25            •24.14N 151.26W (Pacific)          Military           Other (DISTRACTION MOON)
26            •Corpus Christi, Texas             [redacted]         Other (BOTTLE GLASS)
27            •Auburn, Alabama                   Military           Insufficient Data
27            •Atlantic, E of Canaveral          [redacted]         Other (MISSILES)
27            •Norton, Connecticut               [redacted]         Insufficient Data
29            •Moorhead, Minnesota               [redacted]         Insufficient Data
29            •Altadena, California              Multi              Balloon
31            •Kettering, Ohio                   [redacted]         Aircraft

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE          LOCATION                           SOURCE             EVALUATION
Late Oct      •Delta, Colorado                   Newsclipping       
18            •Godsby, Utah                      Newsclipping       
19            •Beverly Hills, California         [redacted]         
24            •El Cajon, California              Newsclipping       
24            •Kent, Ohio                        Newsclipping       
26            •Colorado                          Newsclipping       
28            •Woburn, Massachusetts             Newsclipping       

[handwritten: @ In separate folder]

- page 15 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
AF IN: 43397 (15 Oct 62) L/[illegible] MESSAGE LAUNCH
[stamp: UNCLASSIFIED MSGDIV]

SNB B 015          ACTION: PEN-WYOMING

CHGA427ZCBJB1 10   INFO: OOP-2, OOP-CP-1, SAPS-3, DIA-10, DIA/CIIC-3 (37)

...... YY RUEAHQ

DE RUCKYN 29

ZNR                NOTE: ADVANCE COPY TO CIN AND DIA.  [handwritten: SAFOO-]

Y 151383Z

FM CCGDEIGHT

TO RUWHW/THIRTYSECOND ADDIV SAGE OKLAHOMA CITY AFSTA

RUMGALB/CINCNORAD

RUEGUH/COMEASTSEAFRON

RUEAHO/COFS USAF

INFO RUECW/SECNAV

RUECW/CNO

RUECJD/COMDT COGARD

RUEGUF/COMEASTAREA

RUCKKC/COMSIX

RUCKYC/COMEIGHT

RUCKSH/COMFAIRWING ELEVEN

RUCKHC/CINCLANTFLT

USCG GRNC

BT

UNCLAS

AT 0640S CAPT. [redacted] MISSISSIPPI RIVER PILOT REPORTED

THAT HE OBSERVED AN UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT AT 0513S BEARING

055 DEGREES TRUE FROM MILE 6 SW PASS, MISSISSIPPI RIVER. POSITION

ANGLE 40 TO 45 DEGREES. ESTIMATED ALTITUDE 20,000 FEET. OBJECT

LEFT CONTRAIL AND DISINTEGRATED WITHIN 4 OR GT SECONDS FROM

FIRST SIGHTING. NOT A METEORITE.

BT

- page 16 -

194                 SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for September 22, 1962

ASTRONOMY

Venus at Greatest Brilliance

Venus will reach its maximum brilliance and the fifth of the naked-eye planets, Mercury, will come into view in the October sky, James Stokley reports.

▶ THE PLANET VENUS, which has been so prominent in the western evening sky for several months, will reach maximum brilliance on Oct. 8. This is her last thing, however, for by the end of October Venus will have virtually disappeared, with a close approach to the sun's direction.

Three other planets—Saturn, Jupiter and Mars—are also visible in the evening. And Mercury, the fifth of the naked-eye planets, swings into view before sunrise about Oct. 21.

Only Saturn and Jupiter are shown on the accompanying maps, which give the appearance of the skies about ten o'clock (your own kind of standard time) at the beginning of October: an hour earlier in the middle of the month and two hours earlier in the end. Venus sets too early to be shown.

Venus Visible in Daylight

Venus sets about an hour and a half after the sun on Oct. 1. Even then it is practically bright as it will be on the following evenings. By Oct. 8 it will be nearly as brilliant as Venus is, it is still about 15 times brighter than any other planet at that time, and perhaps twice as bright before the others, while the sky is still bright.

In fact, Venus can be seen even while the sun is shining, if you are shaded from the direct sunlight, and know just where to look. Jupiter's magnitude in October is minus 2.5. Although it is not nearly as bright as Venus, it is still about 15 times brighter than a bright first magnitude star. Jupiter will up in the northeast, in the constellation of Aquarius, the water carrier, and it sets about two hours after midnight.

Saturn is to the right, and lower, in Capricornus, the sea-goat.

Mars, of the first magnitude this month and a little fainter than Saturn, is in Gemini, the twins. Mars rises a little before midnight. Red in color, it is a little before midnight. Red in color, it is faint.

Among the stars, the brightest is Vega, in Lyra, the lyre, which is high in the northern half of the western sky. Above it is north, in Cygnus, the swan, Altair, in Aquila, the eagle, shines to the left of Deneb, and is shown on the map for the southern sky.

Over in the northeast is another first magnitude star, Capella, in Auriga, the charioteer. And over there, to the right, is the bull, with Aldebaran. This star is red in color, and about the same brightness as Mars which comes up later.

They need not be confused, however: Aldebaran shines with the scintillating bril-

liance of a star, while the steady and unwinding glow of a planet.

Below Jupiter, it is found in Piscis Austrinus, the southern fish. This is another star of the first magnitude, although it looks fainter, because it is low in the sky. As this star is far south in the sky it never, for us, rises higher than it is now.

Above Jupiter, between it and the Great Square of Pegasus, the autumnal equinox. Although there are not first magnitude, the square makes a good starting point in finding your way around the skies. Alpheratz, in the upper lefthand corner, is actually not in Pegasus, but in Andromeda, the princess.

The evenings of October are about the poorest of the year for seeing the familiar "great dipper" which is part of Ursa Major, the great bear. In fact, it is now near the northern horizon. For persons south of 30 degrees north latitude (about that of New Orleans) all stars but one of the great dipper go below the horizon for October evenings.

Above Ursa Major is Ursa Minor, the little bear, and in this group is Polaris, the pole star. Directly above stands Cepheus, the king (mythologically the husband of

Cassiopeia, to the right, and the father of Andromeda, above).

Cepheus is not a brilliant constellation; most of its stars is as bright at the first magnitude, but in this group is a star of the fourth magnitude that is quite inconspicuous. This is delta Cephei, the astronomer of a little triangle of stars in Cepheus, which in the constellation. It is the prototype of a class of stars known as Cepheid variables, which astronomers have found to be valuable as measuring sticks of the universe.

Delta Cephei as Variable Star

Delta Cephei is a variable star. From a magnitude of 3.6 it drops in about four days to 4.3, about two-thirds as bright. In about a day and a half it returns to its maximum brightness; the total period of the cycle is 5.4 days.

Apparently it is pulsating. While it is expanding it is brightest, and when it is contracting it is faintest. There is more rapidly contracting it is fainter still, at minimum brightness a temperature, of about 3,600 degrees. Cepheid, like most stars, utilize nuclear energy to supply energy by a process in which hydrogen is converted to helium. According to one theory, the star contracts and this heats up its core, thus firing up the nuclear furnace that keeps it going. Finally, so much radiation is flowing outward from the center that its pressure causes it to expand, but as it goes to maximum

[Two star maps showing constellations visible in October 1962 - one showing "Face North" and one showing "Face South"]

◆ ◎ ◎ ◆ ◆ SYMBOLS FOR STARS IN ORDER OF BRIGHTNESS

- page 17 -

Science News Letter for September 22, 1962                                193

of two operational Tiros satellites could be
launched by June 1, 1963.
An operational program is urgently
needed, Dr. F. W. Reichelderfer, Weather
Bureau chief, said. Lives, limbs and property
worth billions of dollars need weather predic-
tion, as well as protection to crops and aid
to navigation, he pointed out.

Tiros VI will carry essentially the same
equipment as Tiros V, a NASA official said.
It will have two TV cameras and infrared
receptors to probe the earth. It will also cover
nearly the same orbit, covering approxim-
ately 50% of the world's weather pattern.
Two satellites in orbit can cover much of the
earth at the same time. Dr. Singer said,
50% of the world would be surveyed con-
stantly. But the emphasis would be on the
North American continent, since the receiving
stations are on the East and West
Coasts of the United States.

Asked if a top priority was being given
in the lagging Nimbus program, whose
experimental problems could not be solved
by additional funds or scientists, only by
persons working on the problem can do as
much harm as too few, they said.

Until Nimbus technicians solve their
problems, an operational Tiros system could
do the job, Dr. Singer said.

* Science News Letter, 82:193 September 22, 1962

OPHTHALMOLOGY

Eye Drops Can Cause
Blindness in Humans

INFECTION from contaminated eye
drops often causes blindness, an Australian
eye surgeon said in Sydney.

In the United States, the real incidence
of eye infections from contaminated solu-
tions is unknown because, in fear of legal
liability among doctors and hospital staff,
the surgeon charged.

The charge was made by Dr. D. O.
Crompton, visiting eye surgeon at Royal
Adelaide Hospital, to the Australian and
New Zealand Association for the Advance-
ment of Science congress.

Dr. Crompton said medical journals
should publicize cases of eye infection caused
by contaminated eye drops. They should
not feel "fettered by fear of any possible
legal consequences following specific dis-
closure," he said.

Not long ago in an Australian hospital,
there were some twelve cases in a few months
from infection following lens extraction,
he said.

"The cause was found to be unsterile eye
drops. When the ophthalmologists wished
to make public their findings, permission
was refused by the hospital administration,"
Dr. Crompton said there was a proven
frequency of contamination in eye drops.
He cited Pseudomonas pyocanosa—one
of the most dangerous organisms in eye
infections.

* Science News Letter, 82:193 September 22, 1962

SPACE

Instrument Package to
Reach Venus After 1965

AN INSTRUMENT package piercing
the shrouded atmosphere of Venus and
landing on its hidden surface sometime
after 1965 is one of many planetary probes
scheduled to follow the successful Mariner
ship.

The package will be dropped from a
spacecraft orbiting around Venus. The
project is being developed by NASA's Jet
and Space Administration's planetary ex-
ploration program, largely obtained until
now by the man-in-space face.

Within the next decade, NASA plans to
have:

Another Mariner by Venus in 1964.

A more sophisticated Mariner that will
orbit Mars in the years near.

A second generation of spacecraft de-
signed to further explore Mars and Venus.
Someday—perhaps by 1970—to achieve the
drop a capsule on the planets' surface dur-
ing its mission.

Between 1968 and 1975, flights will be
sent toward Mercury, 57 million miles away,
and Jupiter, more than six times farther
away (588 million miles) from earth.

Planned sight to Mars may follow soon
after the first Venus flights.

"What lies farther still through space toward!" Venus successfully marks the
beginning of a new phase of space
exploration—the planets.

* Science News Letter, 82:193 September 22, 1962

[decorative header: DE FIELDS]

SPACE

Satellite Radio Link
Planned for Americas

PROJECT RELAY, the communications
satellite scheduled to be launched later this
year, will provide a radio link between
North and South America by satellite for
the first time.

Initial tests are planned to connect the
International Telephone and Telegraph
de Janeiro. Direct communication via Relay
will also be made between the Rio de Janeiro
and Nutley, N. J., with mobile equipment to be set up outside Rio
station.

Relay will be placed in an elliptical orbit,
inclined 90 degrees from the equator, by
the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-
istration. It is expected to complete one orbit
in two and a half hours.

* Science News Letter, 82:193 September 22, 1962

GEOPHYSICS

Radiation Belt No Hazard
To Weather Satellite

TIROS VI, the next research weather
satellite, scheduled for launch in late Sep-
tember, will not be affected by the mist
cloud of radiation surrounding the earth, a U.S.
high-altitude bomb test last July.

The atomic particles are now drifting the
globe in a false Van Allen belt. Although
some space shots have been delayed by the
hazardous belt, Tiros VI will be on sched-
ule when it follows its successful prede-
cessors, Dr. S. Fred Singer, director of the
National Satellite Weather Center, said.

Two more Tiros research vehicles will
follow Tiros VI before June 1, 1963, Dr.
Singer said.

During August, Tiros IV and a week
before, Tiros IV, spotted 300 of the main
storms well in advance of other reports,
showing the extreme success of the earth
satellite, Dr. Singer told a subcommittee of
the House Committee on Science and Astro-
nautics. Hurricanes Alma and Becky were
also "seen" from the weather eye, as well
as Typhoon Opal.

Since the Tiros satellites have been an
"overwhelming success," Dr. Singer has
proposed they be used operationally until
the lagging Nimbus satellites are completed
and checked out.

The development snag of the Nimbus
vehicles was reported at the end of August.
The scheduled launch date was changed
from the second quarter of 1962 to at least
the middle of 1963. Even if the shot is
made in June, he added, the two months before
Nimbus is truly functional.

An alternative proposal for an operational
Tiros system has just been drafted, Dr.
Singer said. If the plan is accepted by the
users of the system and the National Aero-
nautics and Space Administration, the first

TECHNOLOGY

First Live Color
Telecast From Europe

THE FIRST live color telecast from Eu-
rope, utilizing Telstar, the communications
satellite, was viewed by physicians attending
the Twelfth International Congress of Der-
matology in Washington, D.C.

The program provided the first transcontinental intercontinental medical communications
program from England. It is the first
time the satellite has been used for an intercontinental exchange of medical information.

The dermatologists saw a discussion and
demonstration of advances in treatment of
psoriasis, a chronic skin disease.

The telecast originated at Culdrose, Eng-
land. It was relayed via Telstar through
British transmission station of satellite communications. The picture was transmitted in
color by microwave to Goonhilly Downs.
The color event conveyed to Andover,
Maine, by Telstar was relayed by microwave
to Washington, D. C.

At the same time, a panel of physicians
in England and a panel of physicians in
Washington, D. C., shared communications
with each other by Atlantic telephone cable.

Dr. H. R. Vickers, M.D., of London, England,
Ps., President of the Twelfth International
Congress of Dermatology, hailed the communications experiment as a milestone in
exchange of medical information. He said:

"The Telstar color transmission points the
way to more rapid spread of medical information between nations."

Color television facilities used in the
program by the British Broadcasting Company,
its British subsidiaries, Smith Kline and
French Laboratories Limited, were used to
telecast the program.

* Science News Letter, 82:193 September 22, 1962

- page 18 -

size, the internal temperature goes down
and the nuclear furnace reduces its output.
This permits it to contract again, and the
cycle occurs over and over.

Delta Cephei, with a period of 5.4 days,
has a mean magnitude of four. This, how-
ever, is its apparent magnitude—how bright
it looks—which depends partly on its dis-
tance. The farther away a star is, the more
brilliant one that is farther away.

So to compare the intrinsic luminosity—
the candlepower—of a star, we use absolute
magnitude, which is what they would be
if all were at a standard distance. The mean
absolute magnitude of delta Cephei is about
minus 2; it is some 660 times more lumi-
nous than the sun.

Thus if one Cephei were seen in a day, the mean absolute magnitude
would be minus 0.5, while one with a 20-
day period would be ten times as bright,
or minus four.

Cepheids are usually recognized from the
way their light changes—brightening rap-
idly, dimming more slowly. Then the period
of a cephei is measured, in days and frac-
tions of days. This period versus luminos-
ity tells how bright the star really is
(on the average); you can see how bright
it looks in the sky. Knowing the effect of
distance on brightness, how far away it is
can be calculated.

Thus cephei variable stars are important
tools in measuring distance. Their use has
been complicated in recent years as astrono-
mers have found that the distances they
so they had formerly assumed. This meant
that some of the distant galaxies—huge sys-
tems of stars like the whole Milky Way
system, of which the earth is a part—were
more than twice as far as they had formerly
believed.

That is the way science advances, how-
ever: one man observes an effect and arrives
at a conclusion; then comes another who
refines it, ever getting closer and closer to
ultimate truth.

Celestial Time Table for October

Oct.    EST
3  4:00 a.m.   Moon passes Venus
    4:44 a.m.   Algol (variable star in Perseus)
             at minimum brightness
5  1:33 a.m.   Algol at minimum
6  11:00 a.m.   Mercury between earth and sun
7  10:32 p.m.   Algol at minimum
8  6:00 a.m.   Moon passes Saturn
    5:00 p.m.   Venus at greatest brilliancy
10 6:00 a.m.   Moon passes Jupiter
11 8:17 a.m.   Full moon
12 1:00 p.m.   Moon nearest, distance 221,800
             miles
13 7:33 a.m.   Full moon
20 3:48 a.m.   Moon in last quarter
21 [illegible]   Moon passes Mars
21 11:00 p.m.   Mercury farthest east of sun;
             visible for a few days about
             one hour in east before sunrise
25 11:00 p.m.   Moon farthest, distance 253,900
             miles
26 2:00 p.m.   Moon passes Mercury
28 1:30 a.m.   Algol at minimum
30 7:22 a.m.   Full moon
    8:53 p.m.   Algol at minimum
Subtract one hour for CST, two hours for
MST, and three hours for PST.
* Science News Letter, 82:194 September 22, 1962

Piezometers for the measurement of pore-
fluid pressures in earth dams have been
developed.

- page 19 -

ground, such concepts as cesium clock, periodic table, covenant bond, colloidal state and free energy.

THE SCIENCE OF OBSERVERS: Adventures in Experimental Psychology—W. N. McBain and J. E. Johnson—Harper, $5.95. Introduces young persons to the methods and experiments used in studying human behavior.

SILENT SPRING—Rachel Carson—Houghton, 368 p., illus. by Lois and Louis Darling, $5. Eloquent protest by a scientist about the indiscriminate use of pesticides that poison birds, fish and other wildlife, and possibly even himself.

THE SPACE INDUSTRY: America's Newest Giant—Editors of Fortune—Prentice-Hall, 128 p., $4.95. A look at the U. S. space effort, from the business and management's point of view.

SPACE AND THE ASTRONOMER—Sverre Petersen—Sci. American Lib., $6.95. Astrophysicist's up-to-date and very readable general account of the observable universe.

TOMOROW'S MATH: Unsolved Problems for the Amateur—Slanley Ogilvy—Oxford Univ. Press, 189 p., $5.95. Text explains in terms intelligible to the layman, some of the analytical, geometrical, topological and arithmetical problems that have been studied so far without success.

TRANSISTOR ELECTRONICS—Paul Penfield, Jr., and Robert P. Rafuse—M.I.T. Press, 623 p., $15. A theoretical study of semiconductor diodes with a nonlinear capacitance usable at microwave frequencies.

WEATHER MODIFICATION: Third Annual Report for Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 1961—National Science Foundation—U.S. Govt. paper, 306. Summarizes U.S. weather modification activities and reviews programs in other countries.

WONDERS OF THE FIELDS AND PONDS AT NIGHT—Alice Bernill—David, illus. by author, $5. Tells young readers about small animals at night in the backyard, in the air, underground and at the pond.

THE YOU-MITE—John Muir, notes and introd. by Walter R. Comalye—Doubleday, 225 p., photographs, paper, 95¢. First published in 1912.

* Science News Letter, 82:198 September 22, 1962

TECHNOLOGY

Air-Insulated "Balloon"
Communications Cable

► COMMUNICATIONS cable that looks like linked miniature balloons has been announced by Superior Cable Corporation, Hickory, N. C. and Simplex Wire & Cable Company, Cambridge, Mass. The technique was imported from France.

The "balloon" design, as it is known throughout Europe, makes possible "improved transmission combined with exceptional mechanical strength and anticipated lower costs than coaxial and telephone types now available to U. S. cable users," the announcement said.

Widespread application is expected, according to both Simplex and Superior, for carrying all kinds of information electronically, whether "words, pictures or symbols."

Among volume markets viewed are: telephonic communication, railroad and utility applications; educational, community and closed circuit TV; and long lines carrier systems for both audio and video signal.

* Science News Letter, 82:198 September 22, 1962

- page 20 -

NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY                                1 OCT 62
                                                                  ONTARIO

[handwritten: AERO BULLETIN]

Silver Ball Seen In Ontario

At 10 a.m. on Monday, October 1, 1962, a silver ball-shaped object was spotted by various residents of Thamesville, Ontario, Canada. It was still there at midnight and no explanations were forthcoming from responsible authorities although a flippant newspaperman at the London Free Press informed one inquirer that "it would probably go away after the observer had some sleep." During the evening, jet contrails in the vicinity of the object were seen by observers. The reporter for the Thamesville Herald concluded his rather humorous article: "So, after analyzing all the answers, we swear never to look at another object in the sky. Even if we see it. We'll ignore it." This seems to be good advice, inasmuch as so few people take UFO seriously.

- page 21 -

No Case (Information Only)                3 October 1962
                                                   Atlantic, Ocean


GLOBAL SIGHTINGS:
ATL.-TIC OCEAN-Oct 3, 1962....From a Navy
publication dated Nov 10, 1962................
The sighting was made by Second Officer J.
Connors of the American SS Smith Tourist,
at 0745 GLT (11:45 AM EST)....Enroute from
Bahamas to Morocco, he sighted "what ap-
peared to be a rocket or space ship in the
sky." The 'unknown' stressed from W to E,
leaving a trail as bright as the sun and
the same color.

- page 22 -

