The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 16 Jul 62
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 22:25 
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION:
B Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: O Yes X No
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 mins. 
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: E
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
"Object appeared to be round, silvery color. It was very low on the horizon, approximately 1 degree above, and was traveling in an Easterly direction."
11. COMMENTS:
"Sighting was made by three witnesses - observers consisted of 1 male and 2 females. Object was observed for approximately 5 minutes. Witnesses stated it appeared to be round, silvery in color, and traveling very low on the horizon in an Easterly direction."
12. CONCLUSIONS: 
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Possibly Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Unknown

OCR Output:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 16 Jul 62
2. LOCATION: Camp Carvel, Dunbar, Pa.
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 22:25
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION:
B Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: O Yes X No
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 mins.
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: E
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
"Object appeared to be round, silvery color. It was very low on the horizon, approximately 1 degree above, and was traveling in an Easterly direction."
11. COMMENTS:
"Sighting was made by three witnesses - observers consisted of 1 male and 2 females. Object was observed for approximately 5 minutes. Witnesses stated it appeared to be round, silvery in color, and traveling very low on the horizon in an Easterly direction."
12. CONCLUSIONS: 
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Possibly Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Unknown

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. The text in the document is as follows:

Wayneaburg, Pa.
19 July 1962

United States Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

On 12 July 1962, at about 10:30 PM EST, at Camp Carmel near 
Dunbar, Fayette County, Pa., I sighted what I believe were two "unidenti-
fied flying objects". Rather than belabor you with details in this letter,
I have compiled the information in the form of your "U.S. Air Force Technical
Information Sheet" which apparently applies to such unidentified objects.
Kindly find this information.

This matter may already have been the subject of official interest
to your organization, for about fifteen minutes after the objects disappeared, 
one or more jet planes appeared, apparently in search of the objects.

Perhaps I should mention that I am not a member of any organization
attempting to find or prove the existence of unidentified flying objects.

If you are interested in this matter, and wish further information,
naturally I should be most pleased to oblige.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains a technical information sheet with questions and responses.

U. S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet
1. When did you see the object? 18 July 1962
2. Time of day: 10:30 P.M.
3. Time zone: Eastern Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Camp Carmel, Dunbar, Pa.
5. Estimate how long you saw the object: 10 minutes
6. What was the condition of the sky? Clear - No trace of daylight
7. I did not see the object during daylight, twilight, or dawn.
8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS AND MOON? 8.1 STARS - Many, 8.2 MOON - Bright moonlight
9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? Yes
10. IF it was Brighter THAN the sky background, as the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?: A mile or more away

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observed object.

OCR text output:

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? 		Yes
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?		No
c. Suddenly jerk and/or stop and start again?		No 
d. Give off smoke?		No
e. Change brightness?		Yes
f. Change shape?		Yes 
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?		Yes

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
No

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
No

14. Did the object appear:
Solid

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses		Yes
b. Sunglasses		No
c. Windshield		No
d. Window glass		No

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:	I heard a sound in front of one of them that failed to hear any sound in front of the other one.
b. Color:	Blue and white through the binoculars just white with my eyeglasses on. 

17. Draw a picture to show the shape or the object, or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as size, proportions, etc. and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
Sharply outlined

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcribed text from the document:

Page 3

22. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object of objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. If possible, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. 
700 feet (just a guess)

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand. 
22.a  Certain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? 
One disappeared behind some trees and the other disappeared in the fog that was forming at that time.

24. In order that you can give a clear picture of what you saw, we would like you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Or what sort of an object would it be, and what shape would it be. Describe in your own words a common object or objects which you think would be about the same appearance as the object which you observed.
Material - It had a silvery metallic surface which emitted light. About 700 feet in diameter, perhaps a little less.
Shape - A thick disc, a little like a watch. The edges were somewhat thinner than the center.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? Outdoors. 

26. I was in open countryside.

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was observing stars, as a hobby. Then I saw these stars which were moving.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document containing written text.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

page 4.

28. If you were moving in an automobile or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
(I was not moving in an automobile.)

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object?

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object?

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
"first" object: a. From true North 5 degrees West.
"second" object: b. From true North 50 degrees West.

31.2 When it disappeared:
"first" object: a. From horizon true North 50 degrees East.
"second" object: b. From horizon 30 degrees (busy trying the first object to observe the disappearance of the second).

The first object appeared in the northerly end of Draco, proceeded southeasterly across Hercules, gradually curving forward toward Perseus, and then eastward through Cygnus and into Pegasus where it disappeared. (In the gathering fog).

The second object appeared in Coma Berenices and proceeded through Bootes. At this time I was to set my binoculars and my further impressions of this object are quite hazy.

32. See question 31.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 Clouds.
Hazy
34.3 Weather-
Light fog starting to form
Clear overhead where most
observations were made.

34.2 Wind 
No wind
34.4 Temperature
Cool.

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object.
I have made no such report.

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
No.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the old UFO report document. This appears to be a page from a questionnaire or interview form related to a UFO sighting.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
Yes.

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused the ideas? 
No, not in my opinion I have no idea.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
No, not in miles per hour, since I have no impression of the altitude. It appeared to be traveling just a little above tree top height and moved across my field of vision in about fifteen minutes.

39. should be emphasized that during the first minute of my observation of object #1 caused a sound, the source of which seemed to originate about 45 degrees above the object. This sound stopped abruptly after about a minute.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
No.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
Name: (redacted), Waynesboro, Pa.
Address: (redacted), Waynesboro, Pa.
What is your present job? Camp counsellor. College student in fall.
Age: 20. Are you a pilot? No.

Please indicate any special educational training you have had:
Grade school: Yes.
High school: Yes. 
College: 1 year.
Other special training: Astronomy.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 19 July 1962.

- page 7 -

