PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
13-21 September 1962

2. LOCATION
Hawthorne, New Jersey

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: Various
GMT: Various

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-to-Visual
Air-Visual
Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. PHOTOS
Yes
No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Varied

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Varied w/amount

9. COURSE
Not Stated

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Letter from NICAP member revealing that sightings occurred in New Jersey area in and around Hawthorne. See letter.

11. COMMENTS
Report received in form of letter giving various alleged sightings in area during 18-24 September. Information second hand. Insufficient data for analysis.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

(ATIC FORM 329 (REV 23 SEP 52))


- page 1 -

64B Bruen Place
Clifton, New Jersey
October 11, 1962

Major Carl R. Hart, USAF
UFO Project Information Officer
Department of the Air Force
Office of the Secretary
United States Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Major Hart:

On September 20, 21, 23 and 24, 1962 an unidentified flying object was seen over Hawthorne, New Jersey. On the night of September 21 UFOs were also seen over Garret Mountain in Clifton, New Jersey.

On September 20, 21 and 24 a UFO was seen over the Samuel Bruen, Inc. store quarry in Hawthorne by the night watchman and various Hawthorne policemen in the early morning hours of those dates. I talked to most of the witnesses to those incidents and they said the object suddenly appeared, moved toward them, hovered for about twenty minutes, oscillated and changed to three or four different colors during this time and finally sped away. It made no sound. This happened on each of the above dates.

On September 23 a Mrs. Lee and her son, 104 Emeline Drive, Hawthorne, saw, in the afternoon, a silvery, cigar-shaped object, which suddenly appeared and sped toward them and then turned at right angle and sped away at a fantastic speed.

On the night of September 24 two Hawthorne policemen sighted an object similar to the one described in paragraph II.

I understand that the Air Force is aware of these sightings. I request that you inform me of the evaluation of these sightings. Thank you.

Sincerely yours,
John Level


- page 2 -

Patrolmen Report
Sky Lights

At 9:30 p.m. on 18 September 1962,
Officers James Dugan of Neptune City,
New Jersey, saw two strange "gigantic"
lights in the sky. He spotted the lights
while driving in his patrol car, then radioed to headquarters where Officer Lawrence Leming was on desk duty. Leming
went outside the building with Dugan
and also saw the lights. Dugan estimated
they were "about a mile apart", and
however over the borough for a while.
When Leming saw them they were traveling fast and heading out over the
ocean, where they eventually disappeared.

Disc Illuminates Area

William Stock of Lodi, N.J., was making a routine check of the grounds at
San Bruen's Quarry, 922 Goffle Road,
on Thursday, 20 September, when he
sighted a round, disc-shaped object suspended in the air - which lighted up the
entire area. When he beamed the lights
of his Jeep at the object, it bobbed up
and down and from side to side and then
turned around. "As it turned around I
could see what appeared to be hands."
Stock said. No further details, but this
is one more of many sightings of objects
near water deposits.


- page 3 -

20 Sept. 1962

29 November 1962

Dear Mr. Lavat:

The sightings to which you refer in your letter of October 11th have never been officially reported to the Air Force according to our files. Therefore we are not able to affect an evaluation.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM J. LOCKADCO
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Div
Office of Information


- page 4 -

