The image contains no photographic elements. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card with various details about a reported UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
17 October 1962
2. LOCATION
Stamford, Connecticut 
3. DATE/TIME GROUP
17/23302
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS
Yes
6. DURATION OF OBSERVATION
three 
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 minutes
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
varied 
9. COURSE
Maneuvers & speeds consistent with analysis.
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
From NE to NW. Seemed to move across sky toward S. Moved about 30 minutes. Turned around and went back where it came fm. At this time two more objects, one in NE and one in SE, joined first object & formed triangle for about 5 minutes and first object went NW & others joined, 299.8515 North and the others disappeared. First obj faded in about 15 seconds.
12. CONCLUSIONS
Probably Ball
Was Attr
Sufficient Dat
Other

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing handwritten text.

APP
National Aeronautics & Space Agency
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

I am writing you this letter at the urging of a friend who thought that the information contained herein may be of value to your agency or some other governmental office.

On the evening of October 17, 1962, around 6:30 p.m. I was cleaning the gutter on the roof of my home, and I stopped to rest for a few minutes. As I laid on the roof, looking up at the sky, I noticed a bright shining object moving across the sky from the North-East to the South-West. This object seemed to jump as it moved and I moved approximately 100 ground yards in about two (2) minutes. At this point it started to turn and come back the way it had come originally. At this point I called to my brother-in-law, Mr. [...] of Stamford, who was at the house with his wife, to watch the object also. It was then that I had two (2) more objects, one coming from the North-East, one from the South. They all came together including the first one I saw, more or less forming a triangle. They stayed together for about a half a minute, then they broke off and went in different directions.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document that describes a UFO sighting.

first object started back on its North-Westerly cours while the other two parted, one going North and the
other south. After parting, (the two that had gone North and South), they seemed to disappear about 15
seconds after starting to move. The first object, I followed, still going in a North-Westerly direction un-
til it was out of view.

As I stated in the beginning of this letter, I do
not know whether or not this information is of any va
to your agency, and if not, but it may be to some other
agency such as the Air Force, would you kindly see what
they get it, if it will be of value to them.

Thank You.
Stamford, Connecticut

- page 3 -

