PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
Apr/May 1962

2. LOCATION
Springfield, Ohio

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local     1210

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Visual    ☐ Ground-Radar    ☐ Air-Visual    ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☐ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
multi forming one

9. COURSE
N/A

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Sighting in April or May during daylight hours. Obj stood still & noticed to have up. Appeared as a large dark mass, light brown. Believed to be solid. Edges like a cloud. No motion other than hovering. Disappeared by fading out or dispersing. Clear sky with small cloud at opposition. Ngt in 13 yr old.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other:
☒ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Observation in schoolyard at noon recess. Possibly cloud or some form of smoke. Can description. Observation rptd more than one year's daily. Additional observers were school chums. No evaluation at this late date. Insufficient data for analysis.

* ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

It was anyone else with you at the time you had seen the object? (Circle one): Yes No

If you can estimate the speed of the object (Circle one): Yes No
If you can answer yes, then what would be your estimated speed?

30. In your opinion, what do you think the ob-
ject was?

31. Do you think you can estimate the speed of
the object (Circle one): Yes No
If you can answer yes, then what would be your
estimated speed?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away
the object was? (Circle one): Yes No
If you answered yes, then can you give your
estimate?

41. Please give us the following information:
[Bottom of page is redacted/blacked out]

Note: Some words are partially cut off or slightly illegible, so I've provided the text as best I could read it.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFRO NO. TO FOLLOW: 3285-43-77

What is your present job: A-1/F

AGE: 13 SEX: MALE

Please indicate any special educational training that you
have had:
• High school
• Trade school
• High school
• College
• Technical school
• (Fmg)

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
MONTH: 16 MONTH: JULY YEAR: 1953


- page 3 -

OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

July 22, 1963

MEMORANDUM FOR DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION, USAF

SUBJECT: Referral of Correspondence

The enclosed correspondence is forwarded for consideration, appropriate action or direct reply to the writer who has not been notified of this referral. Information copy of your reply is not requested.

Ltr dtd 16 July
Springfield, Ohio

Staff Assistant
Directorate for Special Activities
Room 2D 771, The Pentagon
Liberty 5-6700, Ext. 7537

B 69350


- page 4 -

July 29, 1963

Dear Mr. [redacted]

Your completed questionnaire concerning an unidentified aerial object sighting has been forwarded to the Air Force for evaluation. Lack of a specific data and corroborating information from additional witnesses precludes an accurate evaluation of your sighting. In light of new evidence the Air Force would be happy to re-evaluate the case.

Statistical information on the Air Force's unidentified aerial phenomena program is forwarded for your information.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Attachment

[redacted]
Springfield, Ohio


- page 5 -

Department of Defense
Office of Public Information
Washington 25, D.C.

Springfield, Ohio
July 16, 1963

Gentlemen:

I am sending you this information about a phenomenon I saw occur in the sky. I wish to apologize for the lateness of this report, but I didn't know where to report it to. A friend of mine who sent you a report also told me of the contained questionnaire. I immediately filled it out and mailed it to you. I hope I have done it correctly.

I was standing in my schoolyard when I first noticed it. It was "materialized" as quickly as it disappeared, for I would have had to been almost blind not to notice it right off (as, I stare into space slot). I saw a bunch of little dark specks coming together. This is the only way I can describe it. Many descriptions have been given to me from what I told them (my friend but this is the best way to my knowledge). They came together to form what appeared to be a perfect solid-massed circle. It was light-brown. It remained that way for a few minutes. (By the way, when these specks were many-were grouped, no others joined them.) There were others who saw this, but I paid no attention. I don't remember who they were, for I just called to others nearest me. I glanced away, and when I looked back, it was gone without a trace of being there before. Only clear blue sky remained.

I would (and my friends) appreciate it immensely if you could tell me what it was. Also, as I am now terribly interested in this sort of thing, would you please send me the latest findings, was or was not a UFO?

Thank you very much.                    Yours very truly,


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible on material which has come to your attention. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. This information will be XXXXXX used for research purposes and will aid in understanding the problem. You will not be used with or without your name or publications without your consent. If more space is necessary, we request you to attach additional details so that it is decided necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
    Day 7     Month APRIL     Year 1962

2. Time of day: 13     19 PM     approx.
    Hours   Minutes

3. Sighting Zone: (Circle One):     a.Daylight Saving
    a.Daytime                       b.Standard
    b.Twilight
    c.Nighttime

4. Where were you when you saw the objects:
    SPRINGFIELD     OHIO
    City or Town    State

    Address: I WAS AT SCHOOL IN THE
    Additional remarks:

5. Estimate how long you saw it:
    5     MINUTES     Seconds
    Circle one of the following to indicate how
    certain you are of your answer. No. 5
    a.Certain                       c.Not very sure
    b.Probably                      d.Just a Guess

    What was the condition of the sky:
    (Circle one)                    (Circle one)
    a.Clear                         a.Bright daylight
    b.Hazy                          b.Dusk
    c.Cloudy                        c.Dark


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

C. Briefly write up what you distinctly/clearly remember about the sighting:
1.0 trace of daylight
2.0 trace of daylight
2.Don't remember

1.If you saw the object during daylight, explain:
a.Sun, where was the sun and how long had you looked at the object (circle one):
b.In back of you
c.In front of you

8.If you saw the object during night, explain:
a.Davis, what did you notice concerning the
b.Surrounding (circle one for each):
c.Glowing
d.Bright moonlight
e.Fast
f.Still moonlit
g.Don't remember

9.Was the object brighter than the background
of the sky (circle one):
a.Yes
b.No
c.Don't remember

10.If it was stationary above the sky, background,
was the sky (circle one of an automobile
headlight):
a.Halo glow
b.Several blocks away
c.Bloor
d.Several yards away
e.Other

11.Did the object (circle one with question):
a.Appear to stand still?
b.Suddenly speed up and rush
c.Moved in large
d.Came up parts or exploded
e.Dive off course?
f.Change height
g.Remain stationary
h.Hover, swoop, or pulsate

12.Did the object move behind so to speak, part or
all of a cloud, (circle one):
a.Yes
b.No
c.Don't know

The document appears to be a UFO sighting report form with multiple-choice and open-ended questions about an observed object.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Top portion of text is partially illegible]

14. Did the object move (circle one):
HOVERING YES NO

Hovered about 2 to 3 minutes
Sighted: Northeast
Sighting: Fwd NO
G. Mansfield: Fwd NO
G. Sasser: Fwd NO

16. Will draw a few more following things:
about the object.
Approx. Shape: PALE
Color: LIGHT BROWN

17. Draw a picture that will allow the shape
of the object. Make sure include in your
sketch the details of the object with you
can give at estimation, with, etc., and
comparison with known objects or well-known
place or arrow beside the drawing to show
the direction the object was moving.

[A circular drawing is present at the bottom of the page]


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

18. The edges of the object were: (circle one)
    Distinctly or blurred
    Sharp & well defined
    Smooth, outlined
    Dim & vague

19. If there was sound, project: (circle one)
    Loud more strong
    Soft & faint
    None was noticed, and not an actor to
    show NO REACTION to the sound.

20. Draw a plot to best will show: (circle one)
    Object of space mass, place "A" as point
    where first seen, "B" at site and or his path,
    and show any other position during the
    course.

    NO ACTION, JUST HAVE TO +
    GATHERED MASS.

21. IF possible try to estimate or guess what the
    real size of the object was in 100 to 1000 ft
    distance.    Feet: 106 ft. APPROX.

22. HOW large did it or they appear as compared
    with one of the following objects: (circle one)
    a. Dime at 1 foot (Circle one)
    b. Head of a pin
    c. Nickel
    d. Dime/1/2

    a. Silver dollar
    b. Baseball
    c. Perspective
    d. OTHER LARGE WALL

23. Circle one of the following to indicate how
    certain are of your answer: (No. 22)
    a. Definitely
    b. Probably
    c. Uncertain


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Top of document appears partially illegible]

In order that you can give a clear a pic-
ture as possible or time you saw, we would
like you to make a sketch or outline of the
object or objects you saw. We want material
such as where it was, what it was doing,
above would it have appeared in your own words
a common object or could you place the
object you saw in the same appearance as the
object you saw.

PLACE A LIGHT BROWN CIRCLE ALL IN THE
NORTHWEST PORTION AS TO WHERE SIGHTED.

25. Where were you located when you saw the
object? (circle one):
    a. in a car
    c. in an airplane
    d. other

26. Were you (circle one):
    a. in the business section of a city?
    b. in the open country?
    c. in open countryside?
    d. flying near an airfield?
    e. flying over a city?
    f. flying over open countryside?
    g. other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw it,
and how did you happen to notice it?
JUST AFTER AFTERNOON COFFEE AT 2:45-3:00
PM I WAS LOOKING OUT NORTHWEST WINDOW 17.

28. If you were MOVING IN AN UNUSUAL FLOW OF
other vehicle at the time, state details.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

following questions:
28.What direction were you moving (circle one):
a.North                 d.South
b.Northeast             e.Southwest
c.West                  f.Northwest

29.What direction were you looking when you first saw the object (circle one):
a.North                 d.South
b.Northeast             e.Southwest
c.West                  f.Northwest

30.What direction were you looking when you last saw the object (circle one):
a.North                 d.South
b.Northeast             e.Southwest
c.West                  f.Northwest

31.If you are familiar with bearing (true number of degrees), try to estimate the North and also the object was from time to time. Mark the horizon (elevation). It was:
31.1 miles at true bearing _______ degrees.
a.From true North ____________ degrees.
b.From horizon _____________ degrees.
31.2 miles is _____________.
a.From true North ____________ degrees.
b.From horizon _____________ degrees.

32.In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "H" on the curve so show the place above the horizon (azimuth) when you first saw the place "A" on the same curve over it. How high it was when you last saw it. Mark the horizon (azimuth).

(OVER FACE)


- page 12 -

33. In the larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was first seen and a "B" at the last position. Then draw a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw it? (Circle One for each group):
a. Cloudy                 a. Wind
b. Clear                  b. No wind
c. Scattered clouds       c. Light breeze
d. Thin clouds            d. Strong wind
e. Heavy clouds           e. Don't remember
f. Don't remember

34. Temperature
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? I DIDN'T. I THINK I MAY HAVE TOLD A FRIEND.


- page 13 -

