The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and investigations.

The text on the image is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 22 September 1962
2. LOCATION: Arlington Heights, Illinois
3. SOURCE: 36/32322
4. TYPE OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
6. DURATION: 2-3 minutes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2-3 minutes 
9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: 200-300 feet diameter saucer with 20 evenly spaced windows, dull silver color. Appeared out of clouds, hovered momentarily, then disappeared into clouds. Ground-Visual.
10. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: ONE
11. COURSE: Sounds like a bird with lights. No confirmed maneuvers. Considered as UNIDENTIFIED.
13. CONCLUSION: Was ball-shaped, silver color, hovered, disappeared into clouds. Probable: Aircraft, Balloon, Astronomical, Other. Definite: Unidentified.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 16 August 1962

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting. 

After the flying object was apparently motionless for about 10 minutes, it then resumed its hovering motion and after a few minutes was lost from sight. My intention was to watch the object as long as possible. It was too dark to take any photographs. At about 9:40 p.m. I first noticed the object hovering just above the horizon in an east-northeast direction. Several other persons had also seen the object and commented about it. The object was visible for approximately 15 to 20 minutes before finally disappearing from sight. Visibility was fairly good and the sky was quite clear. With the aid of binoculars, I was able to get a fairly good look at the object for a short period of time. It appeared to be saucer-shaped and about the size of a full moon. It had a solid, metallic-like appearance and was illuminated with a soft, blue-white glow. While hovering, the object appeared quite steady and motionless. It did not seem to reflect any light and gave the impression of being self-luminous. At no time did the object make any sound that I could hear. After the object had been in view for some time, it suddenly accelerated at a tremendous speed and disappeared from sight within a matter of a few seconds. I would say it traveled at least 10 to 15 times the speed of a jet aircraft. I was somewhat surprised and startled by the abrupt manner in which the object vanished. While I was watching the object, it remained at approximately the same elevation above the horizon and did not appear to change altitude. The object was lost from sight in the same direction it had first appeared, in an east-northeast direction. During the time I observed the object, there were no aircraft visible in the sky. The sky was quite clear and dark, except for the presence of the object I had been watching.

- page 2 -

The image contains a handwritten document with a hand-drawn sketch in the middle. The sketch appears to depict a radiating pattern or object. There is no photograph present in this image.

Text transcription from the document:

This report that described a reaction, nonresemblance..thing is rather hard to analyze. There appeared to be streamer effects or streamers emanating from the something that was in the sky. It could have been a disc or circular object. A bright light was seen with some other lights surrounding it. The beam of light from the center was rather intense and there appeared to be a glow or illumination around the edges. The moon was seen at this time but it is not clear if it was related to the phenomenon observed. The track pattern of the lights indicates the object was moving very rapidly and the glow diminished rather rapidly. The back of lights was quite amazing and could have been a display of some type of electrical or magnetic forces or an artificial propulsion system. Did they see any craft is not clear but there appeared to be some kind of object which could not be identified with any known aircraft.

- page 3 -

This image appears to contain a page from a UFO report document, but there is no photograph visible in this particular page. The text in the document appears to be a detailed description of a UFO sighting.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
AIR MESSAGE BRANCH

AF IN: 19659 (26 SEP 62)
ACTION: GIN-17

INFO : OOP-2, OOP-GP-1, SAPS-3, DIA-10, DIA(CSCI)-3 (3
SIS C  139
ZCHS36372CYE928
PP RUEAHO
ZNR 2DX

PP RUEAHO RUCDSD
DE RUCDAH 59
ZNR
P 261302Z
FM CHADS TRUAX FLD WISC
TO ZRN/39TH ADIV TRUAX FLD WISC
RUWGAL/ADC ENT AFB COLO
RUEDAG/AFSC FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION WRIGHT PATTERSON
RUEAHO/HIS USAF AFCIN WASH DC
RUEAHO/SAFOI WASH DG
BT
UNCLAS FROM CHAIN 66-62. SUBJECT:UFO REPORT.

A. (1) SAUCER (2) 200-300FT. DIAMETER (3) UNKNOWN (4) ON
(5) WINDOWS (20) EVENLY SPACED EXCEPT FOR A GAP OF TWO S
(6) NONE (2) WHIRLING CIRCULAR JUST (5) ROTATES SLOWLY.  
B. (1) LIGHTS AT LOW ALTITUDE (2) 1500 FT. 15-20 DEGREES  
(3) 1500, 15-20 DEGREES (4) CIRCLED AND THEN HOVERED (5)
OUT OF SIGHT AT HIGH RATE OF SPEED (6) 3-4 MINUTES C. (1)
D. (1) 26/0323Z (2) NIGHT. E. (2) GJCN0514 F. (2) JOHN N.
SPYA, MILITARY POLICE, VERY GOOD. PVT ROBERT J. SAUTER,
ROBERT L. ROSEDER, SPO/A. JOHN G. HOSTELLER, 45TH ARMY BR.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING

AP IN : 19659 (26 SEP 62)
PAGE TWO RUCDAH 29
ARLINGTON HEIGHTS, ILL. G. (1) CLEAR (2) A. CLAM B. 342-C. 31-19D. NOT COMPLETED E. 252-30 F. 252-39 G. 329-45
H. NOT COMPLETED (3) 49009 (4) 10 MILES (5) SCATTERED TO BROKEN (6) NONE K. (1) ADAD-1.
BT
16/1515Z SEP RUCDAH 
NOTE : Advance copy del to DIA.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a scanned document that appears to be a questionnaire or report form used by the U.S. Air Force as part of their Project Blue Book investigations of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force a complete and detailed account of your observation of unidentified aerial phenomena. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you provide will be used in connection with any further investigation that may be deemed necessary.

1. When did you see the object? 7-16-63 YEAR
2. Time of day: 9:45 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours 1 Minutes 5 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Certain 5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: b. Clear c. Hazy d. Overcast NIGHT: b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. To your rear e. Don't remember

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a form-like layout containing various questions and checkboxes.

8. IF YOU SAW the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
10. The object appeared:
11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? 
11.1 Compared brightness to some common object:
12. The shape of the object was:
13. Did the object: 

All the text found in the document is:

8. IF YOU SAW the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. None 
b. Fewer stars
c. More stars 
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight 
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember 

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Vapor
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. About the same

11.1 Compared brightness to some common object: Sc looser light a headlight 6-3.0

12. The shape of the object was: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star 
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
b. Break up into parts or explode? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
c. Change brightness? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
d. Change color? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
e. Flash or flicker? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
f. Disappear and reappear? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten answers to various questions about the observed object.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Or was it visible during the entire observation?
It just gradually disappeared into the sky.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
Yes, it moved behind clouds.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes, it moved in front of clouds.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: From a white light to a red-orange color.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object of the same distance. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Unknown, did not perform this experiment.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails or glowing areas, if they were visible.
No sketch provided.

Text from the document:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Or was it visible during the entire observation? 
It just gradually disappeared into the sky.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
Yes (X)     No ( )     Don't Know ( )

IF you answered YES, it moved behind:
A cloud

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes (X)     No ( )     Don't Know ( )

IF you answered YES, it moved in front of: 
A cloud

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: From a white light to a red-orange color.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object of the same distance. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Unknown, did not perform this experiment.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails or glowing areas, if they were visible.
No sketch provided.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a report form with various questions and fields for the witness to fill out.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One): Yes (35?) No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Appears to be written as "35" miles per hour.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One): Yes (1 / 2 mile) No 

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Appears to be written as "1 / 2 mile".

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One): a. Inside a building b. In a car c. In an open country side d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city b. In the residential section of a city c. In the open country side d. Flying over a city e. Flying over open country f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? Miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other Appears to be written as "Theodolite - Telescope".

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture of the object or objects which you saw, would you give the same appearance as to the object or objects which you saw, would you give the same appearance as to the size, shape, color, number, speed, etc., as nearly as you can recall them? (Use additional pages if necessary)
Appears to be written: "Appears legalistic white, round flight and stood still for brief moments, then about 3 seconds would turn red. Appeared to descend slightly when turning red and seemed darting, then going back up and standing still again."

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text found in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or date and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) (Yes) No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) (Yes) No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 43 SEX: Male
Indicates any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be relevant: 
I have had several similar sightings over the years and have received some formal training from people in the field of aerial phenomena.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Date: The official at as have field

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a sketch or diagram. The sketch depicts a series of lines and angles, along with a compass-like symbol in the bottom right corner. The text describes instructions related to the sketch, indicating that it is likely part of a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the skyline to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" to show the direction in which you first saw the object, and a "D" to show the direction in which you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" as the path of the object, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 11 -

