PROJECT IC073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
31 Aug 1962

2. LOCATION
Medina, New York

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual   ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual     ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Multi

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
Ground

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Rainfall in western New York was accompanied by pieces of tinfoil. Pieces forwarded for analysis.

11. COMMENTS
Tinfoil identified as chaff

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☒ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Medina, New York

Dear Sir:

On August the 27th, we had a rainfall in Western New York and a number of the enclosed peices of foil came down with the rain. No one around here seems to know what they are, so I am enclosing a few peices. I would not bother with them but I recall reading a while back where you shot space needles into space and they disappeared. I thought if these peices are some of them you would like to know about them.

Yours Sincerely,
[Signature is blacked out]

[Handwritten note at bottom partially legible, appears to say something about "them" and "pieces"]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Medina, New York

Dear Sir:

On August the 17th, we had a rainfall in Western New York and a number of the enclosed pellets or foil came down with the rain. No one around here seems to know what they are, so I am enclosing a few pellets.

I would not bother with them but I recall reading a while back where you shot space needles into space and they disappeared. I thought if these pellets are some of them you would like to know about them.

Yours Sincerely,

[Signature area is blacked out]

The document also contains what appears to be a map or aerial photograph with some lines or markings on it, but as instructed, I will not describe the details of that image beyond noting its presence.


- page 3 -

IN REPLY REFER TO:
M-PIO

September 13, 1962

Mrs.
Medina, New York

Dear Mr.:

This is to acknowledge receipt of your letter in which you enclose a number of pieces of foil which on August 17.

Your letter and the foil has been transmitted to the U. S. Air Force Systems Command in Washington, D. C. for their reply.

Your interest is appreciated.

Sincerely yours,

Foster Haley
Deputy Chief of Information

Copy to: U. S. Air Force Systems Command


- page 4 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TO: 2/Col Wynn                                                1 October 1962
Request for UFO Information (Letters from NASA)

Hq USAF
SAFOI-63 (Major Hart)
Wash 25, DC

1. Reference the attached letters forwarded to this office from
the NASA requesting information on unidentified flying objects.
These letters are forwarded to your office for whatever action
you deem necessary.

2. The tin foil referred to in these letters is chaff, proba-
bly dropped by USAF aircraft during a practice mission.

FOR THE COMMANDER

EDWARD G. WINN                                               3 Atchs
Colonel, USAF                                                Ltr fm Mr.
Deputy for Science                                           dtd 13 Sep 62.
and Components                                               Ltr fm Mrs.
                                                             dtd 10 Sep 62.


- page 5 -

17 AUG 62

October 9, 1962

Dear Mr. [redacted]

The foil pieces you enclosed in your letter are known as "chaff". Dropped from aircraft in bundles, they quickly separate and each piece of chaff gives a radar return resembling the movement of the aircraft. These radar and partly effective as they fall. They are extremely making the aircraft to pass slowly and permit the aircraft to pass undetected. Chaff are practice missions.

Your interest is appreciated.

Sincerely,

W. J. LOCKADOO
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Div
Office of Information


- page 6 -

UFO SIGHTING
Ogden Utah, 17 August 1962

Observer: [Redacted]                   age 56     Occupation:
                                                   Union Depot Company
Ogden, Utah                            Ogden, Utah (for 37 years)
and Grandson age 10

Time:         Local 8:48 pm  18 August 1962     Length:   10 seconds

Description: Shape was similar to a lemon (a little different than an egg) and the front was more round than the back. Three objects were crowded together and would have been touching each other, very close. The leading object was approximately 2 of 1 long, has a head of the other two. The objects were longer than they were wide. No windows, form, exhaust, tail, or trail was seen. There was no sound or odor. The objects were a dull aluminum color.

The objects were in a formation like geese - a leader and two behind, one on either side. Observer could not tell whether one was higher than the others, but it might have had to be in order to fly so closely.

Observer could not tell whether could look like objects were on a slant or flying straight, but said they were in level flight.

The objects were lit up but with no lights. Observer said he thought the moon must have been below the mountains. Thinking light and also that the light from Washington Boulevard might have been lighting the objects.

The objects were estimated to be at an elevation of about a thousand feet. Witness indicates the objects could have been three or four times that estimate.

WX Conditions: It was fairly light out. Stars and faint outline of mountains could be seen by witness. At 9:30, the witness looked at his watch and at the same time noticed heavy white clouds moving in from the Northwest. They completely covered the area in a few minutes. Witness stated that if any door accompanied the objects, it would have been blown away rapidly.

Optical Aid: Observer wears glasses but did not have them on at the time of the sighting. He has vision of 30-40 (good enough to pass driving test, but not good enough for job according to Doctor at the railroad).

The observer and his grandson were in the yard hoping to see some satellites. Objects appeared in space between two trees in witness's yard. The objects disappeared behind and rising to the top of the tree (second tree).


- page 7 -

INTELLIGENCE REPORT
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE

(Classification) UNCLASSIFIED

COUNTRY United States of America    REPORT NO. TR-2-62
SUBJECT (U) UFO                     DATE OF REPORT 27 August 1962
                                    NO. OF PAGES 8
DATE OF    19 August 1962           REFERENCES AFR 200-2/Complete
INFO

PLACE & [redacted], Utah
DATE AGO

EVALUATION Source below noted

SUMMARY On 19 August 1962 a report of a UFO sighting was made by a civil engineer for the Union Depot Company, Ogden, Utah. Place was west of Ogden, Utah. Witness was a truck driver, local resident, traveling from north to south or possibly turning toward the southwest moving at a very high speed.

[Detailed observation notes follow, including details about the object's shape, size, color, number, formation, discernible features, trail, sound, and observed characteristics]

The document appears to be an official Air Force intelligence report documenting a UFO sighting, with detailed observational data and classification markings.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Ue(1)   First watch and maneuvers - Moves from north to south at very high speed, seen a mile.

Ue(2)   How did the object disappear - Went out of sight behind a tree, wasn't.

Ue(3)   How long object visible - About 10 seconds.

Ue(1)   Manner of observation - Naked eye.

Ue(2)   Optical aids - none.

Ue(3)   Airborne sighting - N/A.

Ue(2)   Time and date of sighting - 0340Z hours, 15 August 1962.

Ue(4)   Light conditions - Dark and clear.

Information on Observer - [redacted] is a civilian, appeared to be an essentially reliable person. 55 years old and have a clear, consistent report on the sighting. Has 20 years experience in an amateur for the rail road. Seemed quite calm.

Ue(1)   Weather and wind - The weather was clear with a few scattered clouds, with a slight breeze.

Ue(2)   Report of weather and wind - Hill Air Force Base reported weather at this time:
2350 at 25 knots - 10,000 feet, 230° at C knots - 5,000 feet.
2350 at 25 knots - 20,000 feet, 220° at 20 knots - 16,000 feet.
2350 at 25 knots - 30,000 feet, 210° at 25 knots - 20,000 feet.
2350 at 25 knots - 50,000 feet, 210° at 26 knots - 30,000 feet.

Ue(3)   Ceiling - Unlimited.

Ue(4)   Visibility - 20 miles.

Ue(5)   Cloud cover - Clouds scattered, total cover - .2.

Ue(6)   Thunderstorm - Possible thunder southeast through south.

Ue(7)   Temperature - 70°.

Ue8)   Unusual activity or condition - none.

Ue9)   Interception or identification - Observer sighted objects on a Saturday evening and didn't report until Monday morning. No interception or identification attempted.

Ue10)  Air traffic and balloon releases - Hill Air Force Base reported no known aircraft in area - no balloons released.

The preceding officer is an investigating officer, Hill Air Force Base, Utah, collateral materials indicate the observer is a credible person. No black project were developed that would lead to the knowledge of the sighting.

[Signatures at bottom of document]


- page 9 -

