The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a document used to record details of a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 1-6-52
2. DATE/TIME GROUP: 3:30 a.m./1-6-52
3. LOCATION: Pueblo, Colorado
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visua
5. DURATION: 7-8 minutes
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. COURSE: Described as a dazzling white light, which appeared to be a bright pulsing light that changed in altitude during flight.
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: A dazzling white light, which was observed at an elevation of about 25-30 degrees above the horizon. The light appeared to pulsate and change in altitude during the 7-8 minute observation.
11. COMMENTS: The witness stated that this was a strange observation that he could not identify. The light was observed to change in altitude and appeared to be a definite solid object rather than a celestial phenomena. No sound was observed. The object was observed as it moved to the south.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data) where someone has filled out a written report about an observation.

Transcribed text from the document:

About 9:10 pm, MST, April 4, 1962, while watching the sky through backyard binoculars, I observed a bright light moving from west to east in the southern portion of the sky. The light was moving steadily at a fairly high altitude, gradually descending. After observing it for a short time, suddenly the light turned at a 90 degree angle and quickly accelerated, making a sharp turn and disappearing from sight. The observation lasted approximately 2 minutes.

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document, possibly an old report or document from Project Blue Book.

As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

File saw the objects. Was watched by 3 observers in Pueblo, Colorado. Objects were saucer-shaped, silver in color, and moved at a high rate of speed. Observers estimated the objects to be about 100 feet in diameter and 30 to 40 feet thick. The objects were described as moving in a northeasterly direction and making a swishing sound. The observers were able to observe the objects for about 2-3 minutes before they disappeared from sight. The observers felt the objects were under intelligent control and not some type of natural phenomenon.
Sgt was not with observers but later interviewed them and felt they were credible. Sgt recommended that this report be forwarded to ATIC at Wright-Patterson AFB for further investigation.

- page 3 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that were observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used to analyze our reports and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in any publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Additional remarks:
5. How long was object in sight?
5.a. How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy b. NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or report form.

Using OCR (Optical Character Recognition), the text found in the document is as follows:

8.1 STARS (Circle One)
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One) 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still  Yes  No  Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?  Yes  No  Don't Know
c. Break into parts or explode?  Yes  No  Don't Know
d. Give off smoke?  Yes  No  Don't Know
e. Change in brightness?  Yes  No  Don't Know
f. Change in shape?  Yes  No  Don't Know 
g. Flare or flicker?  Yes  No  Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear?  Yes  No  Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One)  Yes  No  Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)  Yes  No  Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One)
a. Solid  b. Transparent  c. Vapor  d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Binoculars  Yes  No
b. Sunglasses  Yes  No 
c. Windshield  Yes  No
d. Window glass  Yes  No
e. Telescope  Yes  No
f. Telascope  Yes  No
g. Other  Yes  No

- page 5 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Performing optical character recognition on the text in the image, the output is as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound _______
b. Color _______
17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details that will help describe its appearance, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The object appeared to be a bright white light, moving slowly across the sky, making no sound.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Linea or sharp
c. Shimmering
d. Don't remember
19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ______
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions and space for handwritten responses.

Text in the document:

26. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

[Handwritten response omitted]

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1. What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2. How fast were you moving? 
[Handwritten response omitted] miles per hour.

28.3. Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) 
Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest 
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North  
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you kept on watching the object (maintaining a particular direction), was there any change in its course or speed?
31.1 If there was a change, please describe:

[Handwritten response omitted]

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From the North _____ degrees
b. From the horizon.

- page 8 -

The image contains two sketches. The top sketch shows a curved line representing the horizon, and an object above it, illustrating how high the object was above the horizon when the observer first saw it. The bottom sketch shows two larger sketches - one showing a landscape with a person in the foreground, and another smaller sketch showing a more distant landscape with a curved horizon line.

Based on the instructions, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and output all the text found in the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.
33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" on the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" as its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
family

Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
Yes

34.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
Yes

34.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
Yes

37. If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
(blank)

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Bright light seen moving through the sky. Not sure what caused it.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

If you circled YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No

If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give any information about yourself.
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2/7/1962

- page 11 -

