The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a document used to record information about reported UFO sightings.

Extracting the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 5-Jul-62
2. LOCATION Hyattsville, Maryland
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
4. PHOTOS 0 Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION Approx 10 sec
10. SHIP SUMMARY Witness reported seeing an object in the sky which had characteristics of a balloon, but moved much faster than a balloon and displayed a strobing effect. The object was observed for approximately 10 seconds.
11. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force technical information sheet that is a questionnaire for reporting observations of unidentified objects.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as there, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 
2. Time of day: Hour Minutes (Circle One): a.m. or p.m.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or Country Additional remarks:
5. How long was object in sight? Hours Minutes Seconds 
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your back c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember
FTD FORM JUL 61 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 1 Jul 60, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with questions about the observer's experience with a UFO sighting.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT OR UFO AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. As a light
b. Shiny
c. Dark
d. Don't remember

10. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS?
Yes / No / Don't Know

11. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't Know
c. Break into parts or exploded? Yes / No / Don't Know
d. Make a sound? Yes / No / Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't Know

12. DID THE OBJECT MOVE BEHIND SOMETHING OR ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know 
IF YOU ANSWERED YES, THEN TELL WHAT IT MOVED BEHIND:

13. DID THE OBJECT MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know
IF YOU ANSWERED YES, THEN TELL WHAT IT MOVED IN FRONT OF:

14. DID THE OBJECT APPEAR: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Vapor
d. Don't Know

15. DID YOU OBSERVE THE OBJECT THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING?
a. Eyeglasses Yes / No
b. Binoculars Yes / No
c. Camera Yes / No
d. Windshield No
e. Telescope Yes / No
f. Theodolite Yes / No
g. Other Yes / No

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document with a set of text fields and instructions.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound            Bright light
b. Color            Bright light

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can recall such as wings, protruding parts, etc. and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Other

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, with text and instructions for the observer.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and response fields.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Boat
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open countryside? 
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West 
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop or slow down at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East 
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (first seen) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: 
a. From true North ________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon ___________ degrees.

- page 6 -

The image contains three sketches or diagrams, but no photographs. The first diagram shows a curved line with points "A" and "B" marked on it, illustrating how an object appeared above the horizon (skyline) when it was first seen, and how it appeared below the horizon when it was later seen. The second and third diagrams show larger sketches depicting the position of the object, with instructions on how to complete the larger sketch.

TEXT OUTPUT:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown: Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was below the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to another sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old project blue book report document.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name
ADDRESS Street City State
TELEPHONE NUMBER Age Sex

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day Month Year

- page 9 -

