PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
21 May 1962

2. LOCATION
Lexington, Massachusetts

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT 21/1520

4. PHOTOS
☒ Yes
☐ No

5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒ Ground-Visual
☐ Air-Visual
☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Intercept Radar

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
4 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
4

9. COURSE
Stationary

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other: Insufficient Data
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
4 objects appearing to be solid observed through windshield of car going 55 mph. Total duration of sighting 4 seconds. Objects were bluish-gray and appeared like parachutes would if about one mile away. Objects looked like parachutes with straws on man below. Motion was slow if at all. Disappeared instantaneously.

11. COMMENTS
Four objects same shape observed through windshield of car going 55 mph for 4 seconds. Manner of appearance indicates possible reflection.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 57)


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. You have will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We require this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
21 may 1962
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 10:30 A.M.
(Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One)
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One) Daylight Saving

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Lexington                   Mass.
Nearest Postal Address      City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours   Minutes   Seconds
a. Certain    c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Extremely
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One) DAY    a. Bright
b. Cloudy    b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)
a. In front of you   d. To your left
b. In back of you    e. Overhead
c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 52 154    This form supersedes AFD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other:

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? [No]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)
If moved behind: Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)
In front of: Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Could hear nothing
b. Color - Swirling blue-gray, between 2 west & aluminum

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially about trails or vapor trails.
[Sketch shows some basic shapes]

Handwritten notes at bottom of page:
No projections, appendages
no vapor changing had nothing
no vapor trails


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   9½ miles was - Hanscom Field - might be about 1 mile away

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?   Hanscom Field
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South            g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest        h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?   55   miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No         f. Binoculars       Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No         g. Telescope        Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No         h. Theodolite       Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No         i. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

Parachute cluster


- page 5 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 4
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

NO.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Prof. Wellesley Hills, Mass
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]   AGE 69   SEX male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

Patent attorney, graduate of
Harvard College, Mechanical Engineer.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
12   MAY   1962   to   [redacted]
Day   Month   Year   Waltham, Mass


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    2    June    1963

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

While driving north - bound on Route 128, noted four small identical moving "type of proximity - site object grouped 3-5 (approx) (in particular from tree) some distinctive, more than three, uniform in color, slow-moving, lustrous, but with no reflections (high - slight) though slight pans moving on their & stay clearly below. 3 apparently were moving along north, beyond & above a transport plane coming over we were from vicinity of Hanscom Field + traveling north.


- page 8 -

