PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
15 Aug 62

2. LOCATION
Maywood, Illinois

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual   ☐ Ground-Radar
☒ Air-Visual     ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
SW

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Bright shiny yellow obj, solid, moving behind a cloud, flight not steady. Obj changed shape. Was fuzzy or blurred, no sound, size of a large passenger plane. Observed in West obj disappeared behind cloud somewhat bright, moonlight, Rotating during bright moonlight.

11. COMMENTS
Probably a/c sighting. Rotating light a flight characteristic consistent with analysis.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☒ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other:
   Insufficient Data for Evaluation
   Unknown

ATC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ______ degrees.
b. From horizon ______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ______ degrees.
b. From horizon ______ degrees.

Note: Some handwritten entries are partially illegible or not fully captured.


- page 3 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day 27    Month 8    Year 1962

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
{Circle One} Yes    No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
{Circle One} Yes    No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted/blacked out text]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
{Circle One} Yes    No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Partially illegible handwritten text, appears to be a description of the object/event]


- page 5 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [No response]

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 3½ miles away

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
Age 12   Sex Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
We were all quite upset.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:   Wednesday   August   12   1967

Page 8


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may report information that you have already given in a questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observe- if they are needed. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached

NAME                                                                                  (Do Not Write in This Space)
                                                                                      CODE:

SIGNATURE

DATE

[The handwritten text in the description section is mostly illegible due to the poor image quality and cursive writing.]


- page 7 -

Page 10 is visible in the top right corner of the document.

The text on the page appears partially legible, with the first few lines reading:

"20 with some to come. 12:00 p.m. and
the round line. 20 ft. side a
20 ft. side a long plane some
round."

The rest of the text is difficult to read clearly. The page contains a bordered area with the handwritten text, but much of it is not distinctly legible.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
? Aug 62
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of Day:       Hours    33     Minutes
(Circle One)   A.M. or (P.M.)

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One)   a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Denver, Colorado
Nearest Postal Address         City or Town             State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)    20      Hours    Minutes    Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                      NIGHT
a. Bright                                a. Bright
b. Cloudy                                b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)   a. In front of you         d. To your left
               b. In back of you          e. Overhead
               c. To your right            f. Don't remember

[Additional sections of the form are visible but not fully legible]


- page 9 -

AIR FORCE UFO FORM

Page 1                                                                  Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):                                                8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                                                                 a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                                                                b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                                                                 c. No moonlight—pitch dark
    d. Don't remember                                                       d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):                                                   WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear (0)                                                            a. Dry
b. Hazy                                                                 b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds                                                     c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds                                                d. Snow
                                                                        e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):                                 d. As a light
    a. Solid                                                            e. Don't remember
    b. Transparent
    c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                                                         c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                                                           d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:                                      a. Other:
    (Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                                                    (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?                               Yes    No    Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?                    Yes    No    Don't know
    c. Give off smoke?                                                 Yes    No    Don't know
    d. Change brightness?                                              Yes    No    Don't know
    e. Change shape?                                                   Yes    No    Don't know
    f. Flash or flicker?                                               Yes    No    Don't know
    g. Disappear and reappear?                                         Yes    No    Don't know


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Top of document]
June 3/April 1966
Time: 5

U.S. Air Force Systems Command
21 ight Pattern AFB
Dayton

Dear Sir:

I want to explain my flying sighting. I was out flying a light aircraft at about 6:30 PM. To my own position, mostly because of gusty winds, came to the conclusion it appeared to me as a flying or drifting balloon for a 1/4 hour when I was quite near south approximately for 15 V.

I was out over [blacked out] to turn on the [blacked out] already I was looking West at about a good look right over it. It took out and it wasn't clear dark light a very marked at west out of position compared to the night previously at 6:30 actually. I thought I knew down and it was not really my head again. I was if and watch it move, more or less again. I was not sure if it was, but I was trying to think that high up in the clear in plain view of it. I think it had a sort of drifting out of position at night. But what I am

[Bottom of page partially cut off]


- page 11 -

August 15, 1962

Dear Mr. Blain:

Project Blue Book is
close but on the night
of August 14 at 8:05 p.m. there
at 8:05 p.m. there light was quite
like a slow light that appeared
like a still something
in the direction of the
night quite slowly, it was
moving quite slowly, and
then passed upward. It would
have been from a to a
a slick, it was something
timing at this sloped
time. We show that
flying saucer was quite
a wide observation, it was
a real problem with what


- page 12 -

I, was just opening the door on side of the work maybe
6 PM, and looked out the window. The garbage building
with... according to what I saw. I believe that I
then was aware exactly on the Meyers office line run down
down with a blurred structure addition what was
at or under Planet? Planet 47 am here aware
of you detail was to perhaps the recent what
a flow it with these general check of way about one
5 second in view after I met it was Rind perhaps
the large atmosphere but perhaps it was a brighter
Planet or less - I want to WD but why I just
something only of Fly Saucer than not a thinking Rind
I was now successful in this information it was stop
for from N.Y. to more it that they maintained that 2
ships later others was a Trail I know of Martians
And said, not mention where might you know -

Now I was just get down here - I felt and what
thought about it was under while again at the
Rind Trail on silence - it was going at the
down to such but was it disappearing such right
now was to such already happening because the
show was a come shape and I cannot determine
I want to for a search or view of it was what I then
thought I had thought of it was what of course I again
on some distance from place that would not be 3 hours
nothing more now I think was Rind while I was


- page 13 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form
Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: [Date is partially illegible]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[Handwritten text, partially transcribed below]

"I gradually became aware to object, was about the highway at that I was approaching it. At first, the sun was on the blinding side I could make out only a dark spot with blurred edges later, as I drew nearer on the sun. Towards further the object became strong and clear to me. It appeared to be floating and gradually it came to rest under the area.

As I neared the object I saw it was actually a disc with the outer..."

[The rest of the text is cut off or illegible]


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Air Force UFO form continued
Page 7                                                   Page 8

I slowed my car and pulled to the side of the road. As I signaled the object over head, without stopping my car. Other cars were on the road but none of them stopped & some other people looking at the sky. thing. With what I believe, I know many, of observed the object through or near town. I could no longer see it. As soon as I arrived home, I called the Air Force base.


- page 15 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[Handwritten note on this section appears to read: "The object was still."]

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Sections 30-33 are partially visible but mostly blank, with some handwritten notes]

30. Have you ever seen
[Partially filled out]

31. Was anyone else
[Partially filled out]

32. Please give the following:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUM
[Blank]

33. When and to wh
[Partially filled out with "3 wks" and some other illegible text]


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

Force UFO form continued
Page 5                                                                  Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO, I have NOT seen anything similar to this before.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)  Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] NEW YORK
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]  AGE: 23   SEX: MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
I was told it along the way. Comedy Air Base. I was told it was something but nothing was said about it as we were inside.


- page 17 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
[Handwritten response appears to be "No"]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes [ ] No [X] Don't know.
If moved behind: [No response]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes [ ] No [X] Don't know.
If in front of: [No response]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: [Handwritten response appears to be "no"]
b. Color: [Handwritten response appears to be "silver"]
c. Shape: [Handwritten response appears to be partially illegible]

19. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[Handwritten response appears to be "about 3 mm length"]

19. [Sketch section] Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as shape, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch of a side view of an object is present, with some handwritten notes around it]

[The rest of the form is partially obscured or illegible]


- page 18 -

Force UFO form continued

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)     Yes     No
If you answered YES, then how far or away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)     a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southwest     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes     No     f. Binoculars     Yes     No
b. Sun glasses     Yes     No     g. Telescope     Yes     No
c. Windshield     Yes     No     h. Theodolite     Yes     No
d. Window glass     Yes     No     i. Other     Yes     No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or ob-
ject which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten response appears to be partially illegible]


- page 19 -

Information Only (No Case)
Control: F316

JULY-AUG 62 Number LXXX
Orville, Ohio

THE "ORVILLE PHOTO"

In the Spring of 1963, the program called UFO Roundtable, received a photo of a "flying saucer" in the mail. The sender was anonymous; the envelope was postmarked Orrville, Ohio (Wayne County).

The UFO Roundtable featured Mr. Earl Neff, of the Cleveland Ufology Project, and was M.C'd by Harr Morgan, of KYW Radio, Cleveland, Ohio.

It showed a UFO over a cornfield. The stereotyped "flying saucer" has a dome, flat base, and has a metallic shine.

The time, according to the two boy photographers, was between 2:00-3:00 P.M. (EDST). (Sun's position can be ascertained by negative.)

The date of this occurrence was July or August of 1962. The corn's height (1964) observed by the Editor on different occasions, places the time somewhere in the last two weeks in July.

The boys were taking pictures of a new kitten in their back yard, when someone in the vicinity of a truck stop, a short distance (3 and 1/4) away on U.S. Rte. 30, shouted that something was up in the sky and was seen against the sky and seen S-N at a very slow speed. (40 MPH) The object seemed to be about 300-500 yards away. Its angle of elevation was about 15°, and its altitude low. When the object was directly W of them, it abruptly turned toward them (E). Both boys claimed to have attempted photographs of the "flying saucer". Three photos were taken.

In all. The photo in question was taken through a 1-27 Brownie Special. The other photos taken by the second photographer (editor's camera) have not been seen by any other UFO researchers as far as we know.


- page 20 -

The boys said the "UFO" passed directly over their heads at 500-1,000 feet. Its color was about 2-3 times a light plane's speed. It flew almost level, gradually accelerating into the east. The whole sighting lasted less than a minute.

The bottom of the object was dark or lead-colored. One boy thought it had a granulated look. Its dome was aluminim-like. No protrusions of any kind. No details. No trail or exhaust, no lights, no sound.

When Mr. Herman, an officer at Quality Casting of Oreville, Ohio, attended our lecture to the Wayne County Astronomy Assoc., he showed interest in, and offered his help in "smoking-out" the anonymous photographers. His interest had previously been piqued when he saw the picture of the UFO in the Orville newspaper accompanied by an appeal. (Photo placed by Universal Meridian Society of Medina.)

We accepted his offer of assistance and to our great surprise, we were notified a week or ten days later that he had trucked down the "object" in connection with a home for his science class (Mr. Lyons). But that photo was different than the one in question and apparently just as "authentic."

Mr. Herman found out in the process, that one of the boys had used a UFO photo in connection with a theme for his science class (Mr. Lyons). But that photo was different than the one in question.

Mr. Close, a Cleveland private detective, had the "Orville Photo" analyzed by experts. The findings were negative; the photo was declared a hoax. According to them, the object was nearby; a model about 18 in. from edge to edge. They also found that the reflection after could only result from a small model in the large object described by the boys. (20-40 ft. in object.)

In previous talks with the boys, FSIC's representatives gave voice to a similar theory, but the boys vigorously denied any such speculation.

Although FSIC's representatives found several discrepancies in the several talks with the boys, they were unable to make an admission that the photo was real or true. They insisted to this day that their story and the UFO are true.

Even though the weight of the evidence is heavily against the picture's authenticity, further analysis is necessary before closing the book on the "Orville Photo."


- page 21 -

No Case (Information Only)                                August 1962
                                                                   Storm Lake, Iowa

Source:   APRO Bulletin July 1963

[The rest of the text is partially illegible due to image quality, but appears to be a report about some kind of incident involving a car and possibly a UFO sighting. The specific details cannot be fully made out.]


- page 22 -

The text on this page is partially obscured by black redaction marks. The visible text appears to be handwritten, but most of the content is illegible due to the heavy redaction. Only fragments of words and lines can be seen, but not enough to construct a coherent sentence or understand the full context of the document.


- page 23 -

No Case (Information Only)                                August 1962
                                                                    Argentina

"La Manana," published in Parana, Argentina, gave the following
document dated August 21st: "A medical doctor named with flying
characteristics of a flying saucer. It was surrounded by the classic luminous halo
with difference between Dr. people previously. Up until that point, there was
no other case around the world. But, to his surprise and amazement, he was
at that moment, the first, perhaps, to witness a flying saucer. They were, over
all, surrounded, with light hairs and blue eyes. They carried luminous objects on
their hands. They did not want to stop, as he was convinced that he was looking at
an extraterrestrial being. So he closed his medical article goes on to say
that his wife had a nervous attack as a result of the incident, and had, perhaps,
been more impressed than he."


- page 24 -

Light Over Baltimore

On the first of August, 1962, Mr. and Mrs. F---k of North Point Road, Dundalk-Essex section of Baltimore county, also Mrs. Harper and son of Old North Point Road observed an amber light which appeared larger than the disc of Venus in the eastern sky. Flashes were emitted at intervals of every two minutes, lasting for a few seconds, and preceded by a soft, crumbling sound. Observed visible from 9:15 p.m. until 9:55 EDT, when it disappeared below eastern horizon. Seen again at 10:20 p.m., a bit ESE of its original position by the Harpers and Fincks and one other anonymous couple who also noticed two small planes in the vicinity.

A short time later, a report from the towson area stated that a large, bright object was seen to move from the north to south, then reversed direction, going north, and eventually proceeding west until out of sight.


- page 25 -

No Case (Information Only)                                August 1962
                                                        Chesterfield, England

ENGLAND: The Burton Advertiser on 8-24-62 reports the following incident: A 20-year
old Chesterfield training teacher, Michael Vallance, stopped his car when he noticed
an object in the sky. He described the object as a box-shaped with rounded
corners. It had 3 or 4 lighted windows. Another car was seen a short distance
and the whole object was surrounded by a glowing light. No estimate of its
altitude was given. No further details. At between 2000 & 300 feet. No noise. -
Another car saw a clear shaped object in June, moving slowly and noiselessly over
this same town.


- page 26 -

No Case (Information Only)                                 1 August 1962
                                                                    Newport, Rhode Island

August 1--at Newport, Rhode Island a large number of eyewitnesses reported a spherical object with rods on it that hovered and maneuvered for over 15 minutes.


- page 27 -

UFO Over Milwaukee, Wis.

At 1:45 a.m. CST, on August 3, 1962, Mr. and Mrs. Herb Thorne of Milwaukee, Wis., observed the passage of a huge light from south to north above their home. The shape said it appeared to revolve to the right, going faster than any airplane with which they were familiar.

As it appeared overhead position, a "huge sunflower-shaped light" blinked on and off. Mr. Thorne went out on the lawn between his house and the one next to him and watched as it sped one north over the Miller Brewing Co. He said the incident happened so fast that it was difficult to determine the altitude. He felt the object was cigar-shaped, and it did not arc, but adhered to a flat, straight course at a very high rate of speed. The color was golden or orange, and there was no sound or contrail of any kind. Thorne is confident with the type of planes usually in the area, and cannot identify the strange luminous body as anything conventional. Mitchell AFB is 10 miles west of the Thorne home.


- page 28 -

No Case (Information Only)                   6 August 1962
                                                       Pasco, Washington

10.    On August 6th, another "ship" 
was seen to give birth to a "baby" in 
of Pasco, Washington. The 

smaller object seemed to come out of the top of the big one and then flow 
away. The larger object appeared in the city for a while, showing the "baby" dis-
appeared. The witness is [illegible text] that the "mother" ship was a white light, and appeared larger than [illegible text].


- page 29 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   6 August 1962
                                                                       Buenos Aires, Argentina

At 1:45 a.m. on the morning of August 6th, a truck driver named [redacted] was traveling at high speed along the highway between Las Armas and Piñan, in the province of Buenos Aires. Suddenly, his motor went dead, and he got out and opened the hood in an effort to find the trouble.

While looking under the hood, he noticed equal sudden flashes of light. The motor started up again, and he looked around and saw a luminous, saucer-shaped object only 300 yards away from him. It was large, green and purple lights, and was a frightening spectacle.

He was very nervous, he told his companions, who were a mile and a half away on the highway. Finally, without a sound, the huge object rose at high speed toward the west and disappeared over the horizon.


- page 30 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   7 August 1962
                                                                                       Tucson, Arizona

UFO Over Titan Site

[The rest of the text appears to be partially illegible due to image quality. While I can see there is more text on the page, I cannot confidently OCR all of the words without potentially introducing errors.]


- page 31 -

No Case (Information Only)                                9 August 1962
                                                        Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio

Cuyahoga Falls, O.   8/9/62
8:15 DST.   A father and
daughter on Francis Shroat
observed what appeared to
be a echo-like object moving from N to S in the eastern sky at an elevation of
300°.   The object seemed to
be very high, no sound or
trail.   It was soon for 5
minutes.   A check on the
Russian Cosmonaut launching indicated that the
Russians were launching a
few hours later.


- page 32 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   9 August 1962
                                                                       Scituate, Rhode Island

August 9--Five bright white lights, blinking on and off hovered
for 45 minutes before moving across the sky and dis-
appearing in a straight line were reported over
Scituate, R.I. by Classification Counsellor
of Grants, R.I. The objects were your circular
destination of height was at 1,000 foot altitude.


- page 33 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TD-E
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting & Request for UFO Information (Richard Meyer)

TO: Hq USAF SAFOI-3b (Major Hart)
Wash 25 DC

Reference the attached letter from Mr. [redacted] regarding a UFO sighting and requesting information on unidentified flying objects. This letter is forwarded to your office for whatever action you deem necessary.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
EDWARD H. WYNN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
And Components

1 Atch
Ltr [redacted], dtd
December 1962


- page 34 -

No. Case (Information Only)                                   13 August 1962
                                                                        Santiago, Chile

In the wee morning hours of August 13th, a large number of people
in Santiago, Chile, saw a group of about twenty luminous objects fly southward
at great speed. The UFO's went by in single file, and were apparently heading
toward Argentina.


- page 35 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   14 August 1962
                                                                       Bristol, Massachusetts

August 14--Housewife and gift shop owner Mrs. [redacted] of Bristol, Mass. reported a large circular white object, brighter than a star, which maneuvered in a circular pattern, hovered, went straight up and disappeared in the distance. Four other eyewitnesses were on hand and said object moved faster than a jet.


- page 36 -

No. Case (Information Only)                                   15 August 1962
                                                                  Andover, Massachusetts

August 15--at Andover, Mass. an Engineer photographed a "saucer-
shaped" object hovering in the sky. Engineer prefers
to remain anonymous.


- page 37 -

DATE    LOCATION                                   OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

17       Medina, New York                                Multiple        Other (CHAFF)
17       Ogden, Utah                                                    Astro (METEOR)
18       Bermuda                                                        UNIDENTIFIED
18       Batchville, Massachusetts                                      Other (CONFLICTING DAT
19       Dayton, Ohio                                                   Astro (AIRCRAFT JUPITER
20       Fort McKinley, Ohio                                            INSUFFICIENT DATA
21       Cleveland, Ohio                                                BALLOON
21       Newark, Ohio                                                   INSUFFICIENT DATA
22       Chicago, Illinois                                              INSUFFICIENT DATA
22       04.185 154.14W (Pacific)                        Military        SATELLITE
22       07.385 153.39W (Pacific)                        Military        AIRCRAFT
22       07.185 153.39W (Pacific)                        Military        SATELLITE
22-23    Dayton, Ohio                                    Military        SATELLITE
23       Baltimore, Maryland                                            Astro (JUPITER)
24       Harvey Mountain, California                                    AIRCRAFT
25       Poughkeepsie, New York                          Military        Other (CHAFF)
26       Perrin, Texas                                                  Astro (STAR)
26       Aurora, Colorado                                               AIRCRAFT
27       Casper, Wyoming                                                INSUFFICIENT DATA
28       Los Cruces, New Mexico                                         INSUFFICIENT DATA
28       Orcas Island, Washington                                       Astro (METEOR)
29       35.04N 144.108                                  Military        INSUFFICIENT DATA
29       Alexandria, Virginia                                           SATELLITE
29       23.348 163.44W                                  Military        INSUFFICIENT DATA
30       Port Au Prince, Haiti                                           Astro (VENUS)
30       Biscayne, West Virginia                                        AIRCRAFT

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                                         SOURCE          EVALUATION

Aug     Universe
16      Edmonton, Canada                                 Science News Ltr
16      Akron, Ohio                                      News Clipping
16      Santa Rosa, Argentina                            "
17      Baia & Rana, Norway                              "
17      Dayton, Ohio                                     "
19      Cincinnati, Ohio                                 "
19      Sheffield, England                               News Clipping (Ltr)
20      Omaha, Nebraska                                  "
25      Philadelphia, Pennsylvania                       "
28      Sheffield, England                               "
28      Dolores, Argentina                               "
29      Galvey, Brazil                                   "
29      Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio                             "


- page 38 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TD-5
UFO Sighting (REDACTED)

21 August 1962

Dear Mr. Meyer:

Your initial letter did not contain sufficient information for
evaluation of your UFO sighting of August 14. Please complete and
return to us the enclosed form in the self-addressed envelope provided.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
EDWARD A. MEYER
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

21 Aug 62


- page 39 -

16 Aug 62
CP

Dear Sirs,

I know that the information I give you now is difficult and you probably that seldom involve such a beginner as myself seeing it first though it was a little out of the ordinary. The reason I write you was mainly to get a reply pointing you sent me/previously also writing to know if you could give me an still no in the reply was less & can read about unidentified aerial phenomena, and part of able asking you of visiting the base partially as permitted. So, I am sorry to write you all this time delayed & now writing with twelve years old is very unimportant.

(Please reply)

Sincerely,

[Signature and other identifying details are blacked out]


- page 40 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Tuesday August 14 1962
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 8 5
            Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
                            b. Central
                            c. Mountain
                            d. Pacific
                            e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
              b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: Maywood   Illinois
City or Town           State or County

5. How long was object in sight? 3
                    Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
(Circle One): a. Certain
              b. Fairly certain
              c. Not very sure
              d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF You saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
              b. In back of you
              c. To your right
              d. To your left
              e. Overhead
              f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD JN 61 164    This form supersedes ATIC 164, Feb 60, which is obsolete.


- page 41 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No

e. Binoculars
f. Telescope
g. Theodolite
h. Other

Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No


- page 42 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: no audible sound
b. Color: Bright yellow

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch with "South West" written next to an arrow]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Only one

Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 43 -

