Here is the text I can read from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP [partially legible]
2. LOCATION [mostly illegible]
3. SOURCE [illegible]
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS [illegible]
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION [partially legible]
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION [illegible]
7. COURSE [illegible]
8. PHOTOS [checked "No"]
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE [checked "No"]

At the bottom of the form:
FORM
FTD SEP 65 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

Most of the text in the fields is illegible or only partially legible due to the low quality of the scanned image.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

PHOTO SERVICE REQUEST

TO: AFCIN-TO-D4e

DATE: 8 Mar 64
PROJECT NO.: G-68022
TASK NO.: 3-66

INITIATOR: [partially illegible]
EXP. DATE COMPLETION: [blank]
COMPLETED DATE: [blank]
QUALITY CONTROL: [blank]

ORGN CODE: EXT.: 
TAB: Uncl
CLASSIFICATION: Uncl

DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES: [mostly illegible]

PHOTOGRAPHIC SPECIFICATIONS:
[X] Copy
[X] Projection Prints
[Duplicate Negative]
[Duplicate Positive]
[Develop]
[Contact Prints]
[Other]
[Gloss]
[Matte]

No. of Copies: 10 prints

MATERIAL FURNISHED: 1 Photo

REMARKS/ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: [blank]

RECEIPT FOR PHOTOGRAPHIC WORK:
[Partial text] "I certify that I have received [blank] originals, [blank] negatives and [blank] prints, all to be used in the service of the UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT ONLY."

FORM FTD JUL 61 153 This form supersedes ATIC Form 153, Apr 59, which is obsolete.


- page 2 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing several UFO-like objects hovering above a landscape with trees and bushes in the foreground.


- page 3 -

1 March 1962
at Sheffield, England
Processed data for
by Alex Birch
(Pan 14)
12 Moor Crescent
Mosborough, Sheffield
England


- page 4 -

Sheffield, England   4 Mar 62

CASE INCLUDES
one (1) 4½" x 7" photo +
one (1) negative

DR 95-59
11/22/25


- page 5 -

Sweden
March26th 1964

Project Blue Book Information Officer
Hq USAF - SAF-OIFB
The Pentagon
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Major Maston M. Jacks,

I feel very grateful for your favor of giving me a reply, dated March 23rd, to my letter of March 2nd 1964. I also acknowledge receipt of two photographic prints, one being your duplication of the photo I sent.

"Regarding your point 1: I did not want to burden you with the full story of the Sheffield sighting, but it is on record that the boy, Pete Matthews, was held for questioning by the Air Ministry, London. It was the Yorkshire Post that arranged the trip to London. Joe Grayson, the Yorkshire Post reporter, was to show the photograph and tell the story to the Air Ministry. What happened there was told by the Yorkshire Post, the Sheffield Telegraph, and some London paper, from which a brief account was transmitted to a Swedish Daily. There is also a magazine, "The Flying Saucer Review", London, which tells story.

Of course, there is also "the comments to be had from the Air Ministry itself and its F.R. White. According to the Yorkshire Post (Nov 1, 1962) "a letter from the Air Ministry describes unidentified flying objects seen over Sheffield last March as probably related to a meteor, a large area, with snow and some sun and ice particles in the atmosphere, it is pointed out. In the Sheffield area smoke and haze were present and generally, other formations at various altitudes were many and varied. Rockets or warm air rising from the city would have caused temperature inversions. Under these conditions, reflected and refracted light can cause peculiar effects in the sky. It is possible that this extracts the meaning of the photo, and his reasoning is that the photograph is of effects of this kind. It is also a possibility that the photo-graph is of the flying objects in the result of an imperfect exposure. To sum up, the photograph can be explained in mundane terms and does not mean that so-called unidentified objects must have been over Sheffield at the time it was taken."

This was purported to be the explanations of the Air Ministry, which, if interest subsists, undoubtedly could give you their views in this matter.

Sincerely


- page 6 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:

Proposed Reply

TO: [Redacted text]
Bromma 12 Sweden

1. A delay in replying to your letter of 2 March 1964 was due to the reproduction of the photograph you submitted. We can assure you that there is no evidence whatsoever of interplanetary space vehicles visiting our planet. It is because of your scientific attitude that Doctors Hynek and Menzel, as well as other agencies communicate with you on the subject of unidentified flying objects.

2. If these objects are to be studied scientifically then only cold HARD facts, such as photographs, material fragments and so on can be accepted. All personal interpretations and opinions are just that, and as such are not acceptable as fact. SPADES and other space surveillance agencies are quite capable of picking up meteor and so frequently. It is not strange that if flying saucers were in existence that they would not also be detected by this electronic equipment? Also, astronomers and astrophysicists for years have been scanning and photographing the skies, and magnifying portions that they wish to study many times over.

At no time has any evidence been detected which would show any evidence of life in any form visiting earth from outside our own planet.

3. In regard to paragraph 2 of your letter. Sightings from close range, such as you mentioned, are interesting and undoubtedly the witness or witnesses are reporting what they believe has happened. Many reports of close range sightings are in the AF files and the Air Force cannot explain these reports. Again, these are reports of what people thought they saw. They are the opinions and interpretations of the observers.

a. As to whether a sighting is a CLOSE RANGE sighting or not is questionable. There are many many cases of Star/Planet observations reported as close range sightings. This point is made clear in the [illegible] case. This case is undoubtedly considered a close range sighting since he reported the object as attacking his


- page 7 -

automobile and besieging the farmhouse with such hostility that
the local Sheriff was called in, and yet investigation showed
that without doubt the object was the planet Jupiter.

b. Your point of inference as to the reality of an unknown
object is well taken. The Air Force has never denied that these
objects are real and indeed they are real objects or phenomenon
that observers have been unable to identify or understand.

c. May I remind you that the burden of proof does not lie
with the Air Force a serious investigator, such as yourself,
who prove that "flying Saucers" do not exist. Proof that they do
exist lies with those who WISH them to exist. Until such
a time as some proof that they do exist, Flying Saucers and
should be considered only as some phenomenon which we do not
understand or cannot explain on the data presented. Until such
a time as proof exists interplanetary space vehicles under intelli-
gent control cannot be accepted as a fact.

d. Again the point of distance and sizes, etc is relative and
the question of close range, unless specifically measured, is an
opinion of the witness and may or may not be accurate.

e. The report from Fritch, Texas is an illustration for the
cause of marks on the ground other than a so called Flying saucer.
May I restate here that in no case has any physical evidence of a
landing over been established.

4. Considering the "common characteristics" of cases which are
unidentified and thus assuming a qualitative proof of the reality of
an unknown flying object, would certainly not result in a con-
clusion of validity or reliability. Many of these "common char-
acteristics" of the so called flying saucers are present in cases
with flown evaluations of aircraft, balloons and Stars or Planets.

5. No positive evaluation of the photograph you sent to us can
be made without the negative.

a. It is possible that the images are real, however, the spots
on the print are similar to those on other prints which have been
attributed to either flaws in the negative, a flaw in the film
itself, emulsion spots on the negative or poor photo processing.

2


- page 8 -

b. In reading the reported situation during which the photo-
graph was taken several questionable points were raised.

(1) We do not wish to question the integrity of the boy
that took the picture. However, it is not probable that the Air
Ministry would hold a youth of 14 for questioning. It may have
occurred at the location where the photograph was taken.

(2) The statement by the Air Ministry that there was no fault
or tampering with the negative is no way offers an explanation
as to the cause of the printed images.

(3) Certainly neither the Air Ministry nor any photographic
expert would offer an explanation for the cause of the images.

(4) Photographic experts viewed the negatives and could
find no fault or deception. Here again they offer no explanation
with the negative. Nor tampering or cause of one or more
one or more the possible causes of images on this print is not
understandable, unless of course their statements are being quoted
out of context, with the possible/probable causes being omitted
and stating only that the negative showed no indication of "tampering".

5. We appreciate your opinions and your interest in the United
States Air Force position regarding unidentified flying objects.
We are returning your photograph and three duplicate copies.

Sincerely,

3


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Bromma 12, Sweden
March 2, 1964

Project Blue Book Information Officer
Hq USAF (SAF-OIPB)
The Pentagon
Washington 25, DC

UFO- information

Dear Sir:

I thank you very much for sending me your latest information sheets on UFOs. Upon reading them and upon reading more, nevertheless UFO-book I feel that I have wasted lot of time in trying to "prove" the case for the UFOs, but really and truly I am of another origin. I credit myself with a scientific attitude in my long studies of the saucers events. I do not indulge in wishful thinking. I do not want to be deluded. Thereof, I feel very much shaken in my "corner belief" in the saucers and I am ready to give it up altogether, were it not for some lingering doubts as to the non-existence of the saucers.

1. You rate as evidence only hard, cold scientific facts that the astronomers and the physicists want, quantitative evidence, measurements, photo documentation, detailed spectroscopic analysis of the lights, of "the eggshapped ballast fire", may be revealed, may solve my UFO case. The SFADAR, could perhaps help to get additional data, very much needed.

2. But there is also qualitative evidence to be considered. Take the close-range cases, objects hovering near the ground or landed on it with or without little creatures around it. Here I make a sharp distinction between mere sighting, reports and the supposititious tales about talks and rides in a saucer. There is an agreement in details, corroborating reported snaps, maneuvers, the tilting and fluttering of the object when making the sharp turn, the radiation, the ground characteristics, the markh, the whirh, sound when taking off from the ground, the world smell from a landed saucer and even the measures of the dwarf people in different countries, unknown to each other, unfamiliar with saucer lore, have reported such details in different years. (ca 12,20 m)

This would lead one to make an inference as to the reality of the unknown object. The question of their origin may be subject to a hypothesis, if the sightings of the "little men" cannot be disproven, very many seem, then the hypothesis...

Another point is that the close-range cases offer very little of positive arguments to the scientists or technicians. The marginal error in estimates of size, positions etc., dwindles into insignificance just because of the short distances involved.

Wenzel writes (p.6): "A biologist trying to identify a group of unusual animals which are said to represent a new species, begins by collecting all possible information about their appearance and behavior". This compares the characteristic and claims practically what I have done in the past and arrive at my conclusions. Locally intuition. But Wenzel has well the same approach - no rock to find any striking resemblance as to characteristics. Wenzel comments on "varying shapes", while he repeatedly shows how the atmosphere distorts the shape of a common object, which leads to misinterpretations, it tends to reason that the same kind of distortions may...


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

also happen to an unknown object in the skies (supposing UFO is real)

A few close-range cases have been investigated, e.g. case 112 serial 3601.00) Aug. 25, 1952 - Cheeks (really) with a clear case, "2 neat Plateros," placed together... dull aluminum color, smooth surface etc.... Loch Raven Dam case, Oct 31, 1958, "large flat see, car surface, burning."

The Swedish Gotland case, Aug 5, 1957, offers amazing details, that still more amazing checks so well with foreign cases. There is the close range, remarkable-sharp turn, the telling and the fluttering, the draught, that made ripples on the calm sea surface and made the trees sway, the disc form, the upper part shining, like strains steal and rotating, the cherry red light in the lower part, the streamlined appearance, the soundless. After the first craft came a second identical. Mailing unfortunately to state all the details - substantial true case to prof. Lowell in 1958. He thought it was a helicopter. In 1962 I wrote prof Hynek about it, translating the whole story. He said he was puzzled about it as was also the Air Force, to whom he turned over the case. You have the case.

The Swedish Defense Staff at first got a very brief report. Upon my getting a true completed report from the witnesses, a colonel visited Gotland and reckoned the report. The only difference found was that the objects must have been on a much lower altitude than estimated by the witness. There were no planes up at that time, k1 22. Visibility was ideal, moonshine. The robust details rule out meteorological research balloons, mirages and how could an astronomer, if present at the event, claim meteors or planets? Altitude and distance only about 100 m.

(March 4, 1962)

3. Photograph enclosed (kindly return it to me) upon scrutiny. 12 was out in the backyard of his home, 12 Noor Crescent, Intake, Sheffield, England, with two schoolmates. He wanted to take a snapshot of his dog with an ordinary box camera. The boys looked at the sky and saw flying peculiar objects. Alex raised his camera and snapped. Later when the film was developed, everybody was amazed. Picture was shown at school. Schoolteachers and parents vouched for the boy's honesty. Subsequently Alex made his father visit the Air Ministry where prints was held for questioning for two hours. The Air Ministry made print and the relatively examined and said they could find no fault or tampering with them. Later on the Air Ministry explained the object as being formation of ice particles, due to the dust and smoke and a temperature inversion over Scotland. Two photo-rapid prints, relatively examined the negative and could find no fault or deception. - I confess it is hard to think of these objects as being ice particles, since they have the typical saucer shape with a dome on the top. Anyhow, it is an unique photo result, but certainly said to be puzzling and on occasions, which both you and I would like to have terminated.

Colonel in Tookaidoo wrote me on July 30, 1962: "You suggested that the parameters attributed to UFOs be considered in theoretical characteristics of space craft. Conclusions reached in this manner could be any more reliable than the theory regarding space vehicles" but I will warn to bring out the validity of logical induction from a list of sightings that showed the common characteristics of true objects, hence a qualitative proof of the reality of an unknown flying object. The space aspect could be left to the learned men.

I offer the above remarks to you as the world's authority on UFOs for what they may be worth to you and if you see fit to make any comments I should be very happy to receive them.

Sincerely,


- page 11 -

No Case (Information Only)                    4 March 1962
                                                        Sheffield, England

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW-Mar-April 1963......
Mr. James Field has been the scene of numerous reports in 1962-63 on his/his 1962
area. Briefly, he photographed five objects in the sky about 500-3000 up. They were
stationary, never changed position, and then disappeared. With him at the time were
David Brownlow, 12, and 16-year-old Stuart Dixon. Under questioning the three
boys' stories showed no discrepancies.

The Air Ministry opined that these "effects" were the result of atmospheric
conditions. Temperature inversions caused the reflection and bending of light to
produce the peculiar effects. The Nov.-Dec. edition of Flying Saucer carried another
picture taken in the Sheffield area. Both pictures have been under study by the British Air Ministry.

Note: The first information as to Alex Dixon does not tally in all particulars with the latest reports-All in Flying Saucer Review.


- page 12 -

