PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 12 August 1962
2. LOCATION: Portland, Oregon
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: 13/0400Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. GMT: 13/0400Z
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 seconds
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: multiple
9. COURSE: South

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Objects in sight for 3 seconds moving North to South in "V" shape like flock of ducks. Gold colored about eight dots on each side. No clouds. Objects moving into wind. Full moon. No sound. Slightly overhead (90 dgr). Velocity about 600-800 mph. In west, moon in east. Veered sharply at right angles & disappeared.

11. COMMENTS:
Report submitted five months after sighting. No indication of distance that the object moved. Only that objects turned at right angles. During 3 second observation, witness could estimate that eight dots were visible on each wing. He could estimate the speed at 500-600 mph & follow the objects through a 90 dgr turn. Report too old to investigate. Case listed as unreliable report.

12. CONCLUSIONS:
[Checkboxes include: Was Balloon, Probably Balloon, Was Aircraft, Probably Aircraft, Was Astronomical, Probably Astronomical, Other/Insufficient Data for Evaluation]


- page 1 -

January 16, 1963

Dear Sirs:

Recently, there was a YOU ASKED FOR IT program, which had a part about Flying Saucers. I got to thinking about it, and I remembered the one that I had seen last summer. I got a copy of Donald R. Keyhoe's Flying Saucers. Looking through it, I found a note or what nine looks like (Hk). It was a "Tabback Light Saucer". Here is a report of it.

Portland 1, Oregon

Saw it on August 12, 1962

It was about 10:00 when I saw it, at night. It lasted for about three seconds.

I saw it in SE San Jose, California.

It appeared to have the shape of ducks in flight, forming a rigid V. There were about eight dots on each wing. They were colored gold. It traveled from North to South, with the point of the wing pointing South. It moved without a sound.

I was facing West.

It was (the weather) quite balmy, and there was not a visible cloud in the sky. There was a slight breeze blowing.

The moon was full.

An illustration of the saucer

The dots were colored gold.
The altitude was practically 90°(of the saucer).
Each dot was about the size of a pea.

The saucer moved on a straight plane with me, and then veered sharply at a 90° angle to disappear.

It traveled at amazing velocity. I would guess at about 500-600 mph.

There was nobody to confirm this report. I was so awestruck, I could not speak until a few minutes after it was gone.

The saucer was in the West, the Moon in the East.
It was moving against the wind.

Very truly yours,


- page 2 -

