This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book archives.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 6/15/62
2. LOCATION: 5 km. SW of Vichy, France
3. DATE/TIME GP OBS: 6/15/62 / 2330
4. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 MINS
5. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT: 1 Bright light, w/erratic movement, for 15 mins. Obj. appeared to be at high altitude, bright & clear & disappeared & reappeared again. No sound.
6. COURSE: ON 015 DEG
7. CONCLUSIONS: Unknown.
The record card provides details on the sighting, including the date, location, duration, description of the object, and the conclusion that the sighting was unknown.

- page 1 -

The image contains two sketches but no photographs. The first sketch shows a curved line and an object above the horizon line, with instructions on how to draw the sketch. The second sketch shows a larger landscape sketch with a person in the foreground and smaller sketches to the side, with instructions on how to complete the larger sketch.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy or light fog 
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Moderate or heavy rain
c. Overcast
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: Month: Year:

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please give their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
The object rrwu have bean Xo type Aircraft or other ma-fwlei objects likely created by some unknown agency to study or explore the inner chambers of UFOs about which the public knows very little.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, which contains a questionnaire with various questions about the reported UFO sighting.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
Age: 16 Sex: Male Occupation: Student
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [Redacted]

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data) form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may include drawings, diagrams, sketches or additional comments that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation as accurately as possible. Additional pages will be supplied if they are needed.

NAME: [redacted]
SIGNATURE: (Do Not Write in This Space)
DATE:

The handwritten text on the form states: "A sightis ce i 4 Pirriere [or Parriere] we we and met the gendarme also were surprised and the gendarme say this had never happen before [or seen this before]. the point watch carefully in case they come back and [unclear] but they never did."

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with text.

As an OCR system, the output of the text found in the document is as follows:

Résumé.

A propos d'un rapport de
l'observateur (M. Romain),
fait le 8 avril 1952 à Montluçon  (Allier)

L'observateur a signalé un objet, de forme 
semi-circulaire, d'une couleur gris-argent, de 
dimensions estimées à quatre mètres de 
diamètre, qui évoluait à une vitesse égale à
environ 300 km/h à une altitude de 300 mètres
et qu'il a observé pendant 30 secondes.

Cet objet s'est déplacé en vol horizontal, 
puis est monté en vol vertical à une vitesse 
très rapide et a disparu aussitôt.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph contained within the image provided. The image appears to be a scanned page of text from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR system, the text contained in the document is as follows:

"Gentlemen:

I am writing the year of sightings with a sighting witnessed by myself.  I believe in flying saucers and I am in agreement in the "Project Blue Book."

I am reporting to you that on Tuesday, the 24th of April, French time - 4:15, a companion and I noticed a strange lighting phenomenon in the sky. 

It was a spheric luminous object, which appeared at a great height, traveling in a straight line.  The size of a yellowish light, appeared distinctly to fade out and then light up again irregularly.

As closely confinement, the object moved in various fashion, in any direction.

We came up with different hypotheses:

Could it be an airplane? No, as airplanes have several lights.
An artificial satellite? No, because a satellite does not appear and disappear like that.
A weather balloon? No, because a balloon does not light up and fade out intermittently.
An artificial satellite? No, because a satellite goes straight.
A shooting star? A shooting star also has a rectilinear trajectory, and a moving star does not light up again.

According to the children, this phenomenon was really strange.

If you think that this is what it was, will you let us know about it? (The address is on the back of the letter.) If you think that it is something else, will you let us know?

Thank you."

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an official file copy of a document regarding the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
29 MAY 1962
TD-B/Lt Col Friend
UFO Sightings

 the attached copy of a letter from  regarding the sighting of an unidentified flying object. Please return this letter after screening, as there are no sufficient photographs or documents for PID to retain for official files.

FOR THE COMMANDER
BOARD H. MCCOY
COLONEL, USAF
DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE
and COMPONENTS

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be guarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that you answer the questions to the best of your ability, and if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 15 - 4 - 62  
2. Time of day: 9 : 24 A.M.
3. Time Zone (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? RC - COAST NEAR  
5. How long was object in sight? 1 to 2 minutes  
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Fairly certain b. Your best guess
6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY NIGHT
a. Clear a. Clear 
b. Partly cloudy b. Partly cloudy
c. Cloudy c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located in relation to you and the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the right of you c. To your left

- page 9 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observed object.

Text from the document:

8.1 STARS (Circle One)
a. Bright
b. Hazy
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One)
a. Bright moonlight
b. Full moon
c. Hazy moon
d. Don't remember

2. The object appeared:
(Circle One)
a. As a light 
b. Shiny
c. Dark
d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
It appeared brighter than the usual star.

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Suddenly speed up and out-distance any sight?  [Yes] [No] [Don't Know]
b. Blinked on and out several times? [Yes] [No] [Don't Know]
c. Change shape? [Yes] [No] [Don't Know] 
d. Glow or smoke? [Yes] [No] [Don't Know]
e. Change brightness? [Yes] [No] [Don't Know]
f. Change color? [Yes] [No] [Don't Know]
g. Flashed or pulsated?  [Yes] [No] [Don't Know]
h. Leave a trail? [Yes] [No] [Don't Know]

12. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One) 
Yes [No] Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)
Yes [No] Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: 
(Circle One)
a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses [Yes] [No]
b. Sun glasses [Yes] [No] 
c. Windshield [Yes] [No]
d. Window [Yes] [No]
e. Binoculars [Yes] [No]
f. Telescope [Yes] [No]
g. Other [Yes] [No]

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a collection of UFO reports from the United States Air Force.

Text transcribed from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound _____________
b. Color _____________

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
a. Clearly defined
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE OBJECT, how many were there? Draw a sketch of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document with instructions and questions related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) observation.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, or "AT" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the end of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match stick?
23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
24. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the witness's sighting of the UFO object.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car 
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Brief, clear description of circumstances of witness's sighting.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East 
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (similar direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: degrees.
b. From horizon degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North degrees.
b. From horizon degrees.

- page 13 -

