PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
13-14 December 1962

2. LOCATION
Greenfield, California

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
XG Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian & Military

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
6 hours

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
rising

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object which at first was believed to be an a/c on fire in SE at an estimated 10,000 feet observed by policeman. Object did not move but was in a fixed position, was round & glowing white or silver light.

Similar reports from surrounding cities. Movement was of vertical climb only. Last estimate of alt 60,000ft. Observed in morning to be still visible. All observations were of single white object rising. No radar pickup.

11. COMMENTS
Considered as a weather balloon or balloon manufactured by civilian or investigating officers. Concur with this evaluation.

12. CONCLUSIONS
■ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other:
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the image:

en-News

CLOSING N.Y. STOCKS

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1962

LOOKING BACK?
ER CALIFORNIA!

FINAL

10 Cents


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Civil Defense on
Emergency Alert

Air Force Intelligence officers were investigating reported sightings of unidentified flying objects over northern California today—unable to explain why hundreds of persons on the ground could see them while no one in the air could.

This morning's predawn unexplained activity was the largest UFO sighting in recent years, experts, who follow the subject with keen interest, said.

There was widespread interest in the sightings because they occurred confidentially with the arrival of Marines' 2 night path past the planet Venus.

The Air Force began sweeping the skies in the northern part of the State after bright, clearly defined pulsating lights were seen and police and Civil Defense authorities rushed to a state of emergency readiness.

A spokesman at Hamilton Air Force Base near San Francisco said a report from the sheriff's office in Salinas was received at 4:54 a.m. alerting the Air Force to the fact that a large unidentified flying object was "going back and forth and changing colors" high in the sky over King City.

The USAF immediately alerted the State Civil Defense headquarters at Sacramento. Defense officials in turn called the 28th Combat Center of the North American Air Defense Command at Hamilton where the chief controller ordered a radar sweep.

At the same time the Fed-

[Note: The last line is cut off and incomplete]


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Partial text, some words are difficult to read due to image quality]

...this after... 
...nus, attain...

...the com...
...d the Defense headquarters spoke...
...North Combat Center at the North Amer...
...Hamilton where the chief con...
...craft in North California to...
...and the same time the per...
...Aviation Agency at Oak...
...all civilian air...
...alert for UFO California to...
...contacts.

There was, however, "much
...ed by the pilots" reports in the pre...
...about 1:30 a.m. There were positive

Meanwhile, radar along the
coast was unable to make a
fix on the mysterious
lights.
A half hour later a second
trans... report from the sheriff's office
was flashing the UFO was back and
as ex... north of the Greenfield-
ough... area.
As radar reported for it and
for 12 super sonic UFO for in-
vestigation being considered, the UFO
was suddenly climbed straight up
and disappeared to the south,"
Hamilton AFB spokesman said.

Twenty-three minutes later
Venus at 5:20 a.m., the sheriff's of-
fices at Hamilton AFB told Hamilton
that the UFO returned for the third
time.

[Bottom of page has a "Smog Forecast" section]


- page 4 -

Text found on the document:

5-1100

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of an object (possibly a fish or elongated item) lying on a textured surface, with a measuring ruler or scale visible at the top of the image.


- page 5 -

Text found in the image:

S-1132 (appears twice)
5-121 (in bottom right corner of photo)

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing what seems to be an interior scene with some windows and a figure or object on the right side of the image. The photo is somewhat grainy and low contrast.


- page 6 -

There is no readable text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white aerial or topographical photograph showing a landscape with textured terrain and what seems to be a ruler or scale along the top edge of the image. The photograph is positioned at an angle on an otherwise blank white page.


- page 7 -

THIS CASE INCLUDES
3 PHOTOS 5X4 IN
NEWSPAPER CLIPPING


- page 8 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

THE INSPECTOR GENERAL USAF
18TH DISTRICT OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
TRAVIS AIR FORCE BASE, CALIFORNIA
Det 1502, Castle AFB, Calif.

REPLIED
ATTN ON: OSI

14 Dec 1962

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

TO: DCOI

1. The following information was received by Special Agent James M. Cerra, Fresno Region Office, Region 1, 115th CIC, United States Army, and furnished to Special Agent David E. Shavles of this office:

At 0427, 14 December 1962, the King City Unit of the Monterey County Sheriff's Office inquired of the Greenfield Unit whether or not they saw an object visible in the east. The Greenfield Unit answered that they did see an object which appeared to be changing color from a bright glow to a dull appearance. This object was drifting in a southerly direction. This was also observed by the Monterey Unit of the Monterey County Sheriff's Office and they estimated the altitude to be 10,000 feet. It was also observed at Fort Ord, California, and by Unit 115 of the Monterey County Sheriff's Office.

It was described as very brilliant and approximately 10,000 feet in altitude. The Greenfield Unit observed it at 0017, 14 December 1962 and it was described as being similar to a ball of fire. At 0520, the object was not visible.

Hamilton AFB, California, checked all stations to ascertain if it were a weather balloon or an extremely fast moving aircraft. There was also observed a halo which was assumed to be a vapor trail. At 0617 the last transmission was received by the mobile unit of the Monterey County Sheriff's Office.

[Signature]
HAROLD K. KORSLUND
Special Agent
Commander

[Handwritten note at bottom: "1 atch"]


- page 9 -

CITY OF GREENFIELD
POLICE DEPARTMENT
PHONE ORANGE 4-8311 • P.O. BOX 208
GREENFIELD, MONTEREY CO., CALIF.

12-13-62
12:00MN 8:00AM watch

Detailed report of sighting UFO

4:30AM 12-14-62, While on routine Police patrol in the City of Greenfield, Monterey County, California I observed a brilliant glowing object at an estimated 10,000 feet in the sky Southeast of this city. Immediately stopped my cruiser to better observe this object, which at first appeared to be an aircraft on fire. On closer inspection, the object appeared as a round glowing, brilliant, white or silver light, which remained in a fixed position in a near cloudless sky. Because this object or vehicle appeared to be in the area of King City, twelve miles South of Greenfield, I contacted the King City Police, via Police radio, and was advised that they were able to locate the same object I have referred to, however they said it appeared to be in the area of Coalinga several miles Southeast of their city. At or about the time of King City's confirmation of sighting, other Police units in the cities of Soledad and Gonzales, to the North of Greenfield, made similar reports of this object. After making radio report to the communications control center in Salinas, I continued to observe this brightly, glowing, object at frequent intervals throughout the night. When compared to the brightest stars visible, the object under observation looked much larger and brighter than any of them. I observed the Russian "Sputnik" orbits over San Francisco and Oakland, but the object I saw this morning appeared much larger and lighter than "Sputnik" this object's movement appeared to be one of vertical climbing, only moving from an estimated 10,000 feet on First sighting at 4:30AM to 60,000 feet on my last observation at 7:05AM.

Patrolman Charles CRISP a Police Officer of the King City Police Department and an off duty Military Police Sergeant, and I made a fifteen minute observation of this glowing object, using 7x50 powered binoculars. We observed from 5:45AM to 6:00AM from El Camino Real at Maple Av., Greenfield, and are in agreement that the thing we viewed showed with a constant, brilliant, white or silver light, which appeared to climb vertically an estimated 20,000 feet in the time we watched. At no time after sighting this bright object was I able to detect the slightest zig-zag or erratic motion, and I did not see any streamers or comet-like appearance to the thing. I viewed. My last observation of this object was made at the home of Constable and Mrs. St., Greenfield, who agree with me, the object, we watched at 7:05 AM was much brighter than the moon which was clearly visible in the early morning light.

It is the opinion of the writer that any report of erratic movement or change of course in flight, or any attempt to describe this object as saucer shaped, missile shaped, or of conventional aircraft design is erroneous, and the product of a hyper-active imagination.

Nick Hienz, Patrolman G.P.D.

COPY
2 Atch


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

14/08472

HEADQUARTERS
930 BOMBARDMENT WING
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
CASTLE AIR FORCE BASE, CALIFORNIA

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DCOI
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

TO: AFSC (FTD)

1. An investigation of an unidentified flying object was made on 19, 20, and 21 December 1962, on the basis of attachment 1 to this report. Prior to making this investigation, calls were made to Hamilton and Beale Air Force Bases to determine if action had been taken by either base.

2. The following military and civilian organizations were contacted during the course of the investigation, and all willingly cooperated, and provided as much assistance as possible.

a. Provost Marshal's Office, Fort Ord, California.
b. Detachment 7, 16th Weather Sqdn. USAF, Fritzsche Field, Fort Ord, California.
c. US Naval Air Facility, Monterey, California.
d. Monterey County Sheriff's Office, Salinas, California, and Sub-Units at Monterey and King City.
e. Police Departments of King City, Greenfield, Soledad and Gonzales, California.
f. FAA Weather Station, Salinas, California Airport.
g. California State Division of Forestry, 480 Calle Principale, Monterey, California.

3. Description of the object was consistent, except for some minor variations. The object was round, varied in size from a large grapefruit to the size of a dinner plate (10 - 12 inches). There was only one object, white in color, and very bright. These were no trails or exhaust, but ground fog and some traces of clouds were present. A halo effect was attributed to ground fog. There was no sound. One observer in Soledad stated that he was receiving squeals on the police radio shortly after he saw the object at 0930Z 14 December, and believed object could have been causing squeals. No other observers reported squeals on the police radio.

4. Observers first noted the object because of the very bright light. Two observers at Fort Ord believed it to be a very bright star. Angle


- page 11 -

when first observed was approximately 15° to 20°, altitude estimated at 10,000 feet. Object appeared to the southeast of all observers. Three observers placed the object over the city of Coalinga, California. Angle at disappearance was approximately 50° to 55°, and altitude estimates varied between 25,000 and 60,000 feet. There was very little horizontal or diagonal movement, and there was no rapid movement in any direction. There was a gradual rising movement while the object drifted to the south and finally disappeared as daylight came to the area. Two observers described the disappearance of the object as being similar to the light in a television set when the set is turned off. The object was visible for slightly more than 6 hours; however, no one observed it for the entire time, but rather at intervals. Also, to some observers the light disappeared and then reappeared.

5. The manner of observation was ground-visual, and one observer used binoculars (7 X 50). The object was not reported by USAF radar sites in the area.

6. Time of sighting was 08h72 through 15h52, 14 December 1962. Light conditions were night for most of the time, and dawn for a brief period.

7. Three observers were located near the main gate to Fort Ord, Calif. on State Highway 1. Two observers were located in King City and Greenfield, and one observer was located in Soledad.

8. Personnel observing the object are as follows:

a. Patrolman LARRY SCHUMACHER, age 25
Monterey Unit of Monterey County
Sheriff's Office. No previous military service, but a fairly reliable observer.

b. Private First Class ROBERT E. LASSEN, age 21
US5148370, Fort Ord, California.
Reliable observer.

c. Private First Class JOHN T. OWENS, age 22
FA19616474, 298th Military Police Company
Fort Ord, California. Reliable observer

d. Patrolman ALBERT ANDRADE, age 29
King City Police Department
Fairly reliable observer, no previous military experience.

e. Patrolman RICHARD MARTINEZ, age 27
King City Police Department
Only partly reliable, not experienced as an observer, no pre-vious military experience.

2


- page 12 -

f. Patrolman NORMAN L. (Nick) HIENZ, age 41
Greenfield Police Department. Very reliable observer, retired Air Force veteran, Master Sergeant, considerable experience as an observer.

g. Constable [text obscured], age 68
Greenfield Police Department
Reliable observer, long time resident of the area.

h. Patrolman JOSEPH E. MORANDA, age 34
Soledad Police Department
Very reliable observer, no previous military experience.

9. The nearest weather station was the FAA Station located at the Salinas Airport. William H. Hender was the specialist on duty at 1234½ 14 December, when the station received the first report of the object. He reported nothing unusual, and did not see the bright light. His report of weather conditions for the period 08552 through 12552 on 14 December 1962 is as follows:

08552 3/10 cloudiness at 4,000 10 mile visibility
09552 1/10 cloudiness at 4,000 10 mile visibility
10552 clear no clouds 10 mile visibility
11552 clear no clouds 10 mile visibility
12552 clear no clouds 8 mile visibility

He also stated that at 1247Z, 14 December, the Oakland Air Traffic Control Center at Fremont, received a call from a Pan-American Airlines pilot who saw a heavy meteor display. The area of the display was to the south and east of Salinas. Vertical temperature gradient, wind direction, and velocity were not available. Wind direction was from the south, outburst at 190°.

10. Weather balloons released either by the US Coast Guard weather station at Morro Bay or the weather station at San Luis Obispo, Calif. could have drifted into the area and account for the sighting.

11. An improvised balloon released by a private citizen or prankster, could also account for the sighting. The balloon could be made of transparent plastic material which can be purchased at any dry cleaning establishment. Large envelopes or balloons, single or double thickness, 6 to 8 feet long can be made and filled with natural gas used in private homes. Evidence that plastic bag balloons have been made and used by pranksters, has been found by the California State Forestry Division in Monterey County. These balloons were filled with natural gas and fitted with an improvised device which would burn through the plastic and cause a bright flash as the gas ignited. It would be possible for an individual to assemble all the necessary equipment and launch a balloon without any assistance. Attachments 3, 4, and 5 are photographs.

3


- page 13 -

of the balloons and devices found by the California State Forestry
Division 480 Calle Principals, Monterey. Mr. Richard E. Diltz, an
associate state forest ranger, stated that it was possible to attach
a flashlight or lantern to one or more of the plastic bags with masking
tape, or any material strong enough to hold the weight. Mr. Diltz also
requested that no information concerning the plastic balloons be released
to newspapers or magazines.

12. The behavior characteristics of the object were that of a balloon.
The source of the balloon cannot be positively determined.

Chester G Krieger
CHESTER G. KRIEGER
Major, USAF
Investigating Officer

5 Atch
1. Ltr, Report of UFO
2. Report of Patrolman Hienz
3. Photo of balloon
4. Photo of balloon
5. Photo of balloon

4


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Thought For The Day
"We're surrounded by the spirits of men who never served less than the welfare of mankind."
Rev. Herbert Smith
All Saints Church,
Beverly Hills.

Hollywood Edition

Citizen-

Vol. 58  No. 221
1545 N. Wilcox, HO 9-234, 5011 Lankershim, N.H., PO 3-622; 6643 Reseda, ST 1-0751, DI 5-6500, A. Cantu, CR 6-2341

IS VENUS LOOK
'SAUCER' OVER


- page 15 -

