PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
15 September 1962

2. LOCATION
Greenwich, Connecticut

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT
16/0420Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual Ground-Radar Air-Visual Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
Yes
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
West than South

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Bright glowing obj well above horizon in East. Two lights close together. Lights went out and obj not visible. Reappeared very soon moving toward the West, made 90 dgr turn to South, sound similar to a/c. Third light appeared as obj closer & when obj passed and turned a row of smaller lights was visible. Red and possible green. Lights blinked on and off regularly. Obj at great height & very large.

11. COMMENTS
Description of obj & flight confirm to that normally expected of an a/c.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon

Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft

Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical

Other:
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown


- page 1 -

National Aeronautics and Space Administration
Research Department (UFO Studies)
Washington, D.C.

Greenwich, Conn.
September 17, 1962

Dear Sirs:

I would like to report an unidentified flying object observed by myself and a friend on September 15, 1962; 11:20-11:30 P.M., from a dock at the end of Steamboat Road in Greenwich, Connecticut, near the area of the Indian Harbor Yacht Club. Beginning at 11:00 P.M. we had observed the moon, stars and clouds visible from the Yacht Club dock overlooking the bay.

At about 11:20 we both noticed a very brightly glowing object, fairly well above the Eastern horizon. We noticed that the light came from a least two sources, each close enough to the other to create a blending of the light rays. Almost as soon as this glow caught our attention, the light suddenly was extinguished, and the object then became invisible to us. But very soon the lights glowed on again.

We observed toward the West, toward the dock, and walked to the Eastern extremity of the dock, in order to achieve as good a view of the object, as is now possible. Larry remained in the car.

I did not pass directly overhead, but turned Southward and noted that it was about a 90-degree turn. Before and during its change of course, I noted that it emitted a very faint sound, and in the altitude created a triangular effect. As it turned, I observed the neck, or underside of the object, and was amazed to see an apparent row of much smaller lights, presumably on the "wings" (if there were any). Some of these smaller lights were red in color. (Whether any were red I can't ascertain. While the object headed West, all of the lights blinked on and off, fairly rhythmically. At 11:30 these lights were still seen, but more faintly with each minute, as the object continued to head Southward. It's course at that point seemed more unaligned than straight.

Could you please inform me whether you or any other agency dealing with UFO have special similar reports made on 15, 1962, and if objects matching or similar to the above description have been reported at any other time? Moreover, could the scientific or medical opinion on the subject would be much appreciated.

The only measure by which I could guess the altitude of the object was the barely discernible sound it caused, which suggested that it traveled at a very high altitude, and was of immense size.

We wondered whether the Air Force or NASA was testing a new, secret aircraft, and if military about 14 would cause embarrassment to those responsible for security tests.

It is to the opinion of both _____ and myself that the object behaved so much unlike conventional aircraft, that it is doubtful whether the object was conceivable as a plane.

I would be in your interest, perhaps you could help me do a research paper on UFO for Columbia University.

Respectfully yours,

[Signature redacted]


- page 2 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY                                     September 24, 1962

Dear Mr. [redacted]

Thank you very much for your sighting report. The data given is insufficient for a sound evaluation, therefore would you and your friend each complete one of the enclosed Forms in the greatest possible detail? Upon completion please forward to:

Lt. Colonel Robert Friand
Hq Foreign Technology Division
TD-E, AFCSC
Wright Patterson AFS, Ohio

Your efforts will be appreciated.

Sincerely,

C. P. HART
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Attachment

[redacted name]
[redacted lane]
Greenwich, Conn.


- page 3 -

