PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
22 Jun 62

2. LOCATION
Hallett Station, Antarctica

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local 0230 to 0232Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual   ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air Visual      ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Military

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
NNW-SSE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
A obj having a smoke or vapor trail was observed fm Detachment Alpha, while in color & to have moved in a bearing of about 2 to 3 deg. The obj was probably a very bright meteor, brighter than -10 mag, small, multicolored, often leaving heavy vapor trail. The obj displayed many colors, red, white, blue, green, etc. During its display, many colors were seen.

11. COMMENTS
Was observed fm first mag. star, bright as 2 deg. alt. This obj was a fireball. Fireball was a bright meteor, brighter than usual during daylight hrs & display lasted approx 2 sec.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possible Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☒ Was Astronomical
☒ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some parts of the text are difficult to read clearly, so I will transcribe what I can confidently make out]

FIELD NO. 641
LOCATION: ANTARCTICA

[Several lines at the top are partially illegible]

GENERAL SYNOPSIS: MORNING OBSERVATIONS FROM

[Rest of the first paragraph is difficult to read clearly]

PAGES TWO USES WILL OTHER SERVICES, EXTENDED WEATHER-LANG AND
[Remaining text in this section is partially illegible]

The document appears to be a weather or scientific observation report from Antarctica, dated 1962 (based on the filename). The text is somewhat faded and parts are not clearly legible.


- page 2 -

UNCLAS EFTO FROM 1 ACRO COPC-0 ATSF, RELEASABLE OUTSIDE
350 CHANNELS, ATSSO USAF FOR DIA/CIG, DIMAP EAST ACTN: MR R.
HANDLER, FTD FOR TD-AC. ACTIC FOR ACTIN SHT. NSA FOR AIA AND
APS, CTA FOR OSI MR JONES. UPON RECEIPT OF THIS MESSAGE,
FUTURE CORRESPONDENCE ON 1962 A-SETS, SPADAT OBJECT NUMBER 315,
WILL BE UNCLASSIFIED. HOWEVER, ALL PHENOMENA ASSOCIATED WITH THIS
OBJECT WILL REMAIN CLASSIFIED SECRET.

The rest of the text at the top of the document is partially illegible due to the image quality.

There are also some handwritten notes at the bottom of the document, but they are not clearly legible in this scan.


- page 3 -

NEW ZEALAND

Reported Photograph

The 3 x 4 third day of the month photograph was taken by a member of the DSIR national station staff at Cape Hallett, Antarctica. Mr. G. A. Lewis was on duty that night. There was a "mystery object" travelling across the sky.

A scientist at the station, Dr. Gaston, said the photograph taken by the staff member was not a meteor, and he could not explain its trail.

"We are puzzled by it," he said.

The Cape Hallett incident was officially reported in the newspaper in September-October, 1962. According to the letter to us, the photograph was taken sometime during 1962 to January, 1962.


- page 4 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TD-3/Lt Col Friend
Unidentified Flying Objects Sighted in the
Antarctic

3 August 1962

HQ USAF
AFOIN-3B (Major Hart)
Washington 25 DC

1. On 7 June 1962 at 0105Z witnesses at Hallett Station, 72-20 S and
170-00 E observed an object which they described as brighter than a
first magnitude stars. This object was sighted on a true bearing
corresponding to 250° from Hallett Station. The elevation was reported
to be approximately 30° and the object was observed for more than five
minutes. This is apparently probably would seem the confirmation
of the planet Jupiter due to distortion of that body by inconsistencies
in the atmosphere. The reported azimuth of the object and the size of the
planet at the time of the sighting are very nearly the same. The witnesses reported the object moved slowly in a northerly direction which
is the same as the apparent motion of Jupiter when viewed from Hallett
Station at this time and date. At 2.0 time of the sighting Jupiter was
the Southeast astronomical object, -2.0 magnitude, which could be seen
from Hallett Station. Jupiter's elevation at the time of the sighting
was less than five degrees. The witnesses definitely reported that
the elevation was in error for they indicated that the object passed
behind a mountain peak and as far as can be determined the nearest
mountain peaks have elevations of less than five degrees. This was
from Hallett Station. It is probable that a strong inversion was
present in the area at the time of the sighting and that mirage effects
is associated with this condition contributing to the sighting.

2. On 22 June 1962 at 0303 Z an object leaving a smoke or vapor trail
was observed from Detachment Alpha, Antarctica. The object was reported
to be brighter than a first magnitude star, white in color and to have
moved from a bearing of 340° to 315° at an elevation of 7°. The duration
of this sighting was approximately two seconds. This object was probably
a very bright meteor known as a fireball. Fireballs are a rare class
of meteor, brighter than -3.0 magnitude, usually multicolored, often
leaving a very evident trail and are of relatively long duration. The
trails left by these meteors appear as smoke during daylight hours and
during darkness display many colors. Trails last by fireball have
been used to study winds in the upper atmosphere, fifty miles away, by
such eminent astronomers as Dr. Fred Whipple, Harvard and Dr. Charles P.
Oliver, University of Pennsylvania. Since these trails may persist for half
an hour or more, it is not unusual for them to be observed by these visual.


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

It is concluded that a fireball and the trail it generated was responsible for the UFO sightings at Hallett Station, Antarctica on 6 June 1962.

3. On 7 July 1962 at 11:57 an intense light was observed first directly over the station. This light was close overhead and the observer stated that he thought at first it was a flare. It remained in the sky for about 15 minutes and moved in a northerly and southerly direction over the station. He noticed the smaller lights appearing to be near the fireball. The main body of the fireball was a large, bright luminosity and they maintained the same relative position throughout the sighting. At 10° above the eastern horizon the object was a brilliant white color. The object gradually changed color from white to yellow to orange to red. At 10° above the western horizon the object was a dull red. There is the very remote possibility that this was a bolide or a satellite. Bolides possess the characteristics, usually a whitish, rumbling or smoke of explosion heard to emanate to explode. There is the very remote possibility that this was a bolide or a satellite. Bolides possess the characteristics usually associated with a bolide or satellite.

4. UFO is not aware of any United States or foreign activities which could account for the unidentified flying objects sighted in the Antarctic on 7 and 8 June 1962 and 7 July 1962. Further data is available which indicates that these phenomena were due to other than natural causes.

[Signed document at bottom with signature]


- page 6 -

