UFO Briefing
Training School

KHAS 6019-23
58/0900-63/01/76

RETURN TO
USAF Historical Archives
ASIASHAF-A)
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112

7-3745-384
1003847

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AFR 200-2

turn this information to the Office of Legislative Liaison for reply to the inquiry.

(3) Process requests from congressional sources in accordance with AFR 11-7.

g. Cooperation. All Air Force activities will cooperate with Air Force (FO) investigators to insure the economical and prompt success of investigations and analyses. When feasible, this cooperation will include furnishing air or ground transportation and other assistance.

4. Guidance. The thoroughness and quality of a report or investigation of UFOs are limited only by the skill and resourcefulness of the person who receives the initial information and/or prepares the report. The usefulness and value of any report or investigation depend on the accuracy and timeliness of its contents. Following are aids for screening, evaluating, and reporting sightings:

a. Careful study of the logic, consistency, and coherence of the observer's report. An interview with the observer by personnel preparing the report is especially valuable in determining the source's reliability and the validity of the information given. Factors deserving particular attention are the observer's age, occupation, and education, and whether his occupation involves observation reporting or technical knowledge.

A report stating that a witness is completely familiar with certain aspects of a sighting should indicate his or her specific qualifications.

b. Theodolite measurements of changes or azimuth, and elevation and angular size.

c. Interception, identification, or air search, if appropriate and within the scope of air defense regulations.

d. When feasible, contact with local aircraft control and warning (ACW) units, and with pilots and crews of aircraft aloft at the time and place of sighting. Also, contact with any other persons or organizations that may have factual data on the UFO or can offer corroborating evidence—visual, electronic, or other.

e. Consultation with military or civilian weather forecasters for data on tracks of weather balloons released in the area and any unusual meteorological activity which may have a bearing on the UFO.

f. Consultation with navigators and astronomers in the area to determine whether any astronomical body or phenomenon would account for the sighting.

g. Contact with military and civilian tower operators, air operations units, and airlines to determine whether the sighting could have been an aircraft. Local units of the Federal Aviation Agency (FAA) are often of assistance in this regard.

h. Contact with persons who may know of experimental aircraft of unusual configuration, rocket and guided missile firing, or aerial tests in the area.

i. Contact with photographic units or laboratories. Usually, these installations have several cameras available for specialized intelligence or investigative work. Photography is an invaluable tool for use, where possible, in investigating and analyzing UFO sightings. (See paragraph 18).

j. Whenever possible, selecting as a UFO sighting investigator an individual with a scientific or technical background as well as experience as an investigator.

k. Submission of reports on all sightings even though identification may be assumed by the preparing officer under paragraph 16 of this regulation.

5. Reporting UFO Information. Both the Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence, Headquarters USAF, and the Air Defense Command have a direct and immediate interest in the facts pertaining to UFO's reported within the United States. All Air Force activities will conduct UFO investigations to the extent necessary for their required reporting action (see paragraphs 14, 15, and 16). No activity should carry an investigation beyond this point, unless the preparing officer believes the magnitude (intelligence significance or public relations aspects) of the case warrant full scale investigation. The officer may contact the FTD or AFSC (Clearwater 3-711, ext 69216/66378) at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, to obtain verbal authority for continued investigation.

SECTION B—PUBLIC RELATIONS, INFORMATION, CONTACTS, AND RELEASES

6. Maintaining Public Relations. The Office of Information is responsible for:

a. In coordination with the AFSC (FTD) when necessary, maintaining contact with the public and the press on all aspects of the UFO program and its related activities.

b. Releasing information on UFO sightings and results of investigations.

c. Periodically releasing information on this subject to the general public.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 200-2

d. Processing, answering, and taking action on correspondence received from the general public, pertaining to the public relations, interest, and informational aspects of the subject. (See paragraph 8.) This office will forward correspondence and queries which are purely technical and scientific to AFSC (FTD) for information on which to base a reply.

7. Releasing Information. The Office of Information, Office of the Secretary of the Air Force, will release to the public or unofficial persons or organizations all information or releases concerning UFO's, regardless of origin or nature. This includes replies to correspondence (except congressional inquiries) submitted directly to the AFSC (FTD) and other Air Force activities by private individuals requesting comments or results of any analyses and investigations of sightings.

8. Exceptions. In response to local inquiries regarding any UFO reported in the vicinity of an Air Force base, the commander of the base concerned may release information to the press or the general public only after positive identification of the sighting as a familiar or known object. The commander must exercise care not to reveal any classified aspects of the sighting or names of persons making reports. (See paragraph 17.) If the sighting is unexplainable or difficult to identify, because of insufficient information or inconsistencies, the only statement to be released is the fact that the sighting is under investigation and information regarding it will be available at a later date. After completion of investigation, the commander may release the fact that the AFSC (FTD) will review and analyze the results of the investigation. He will then refer any further inquiries to the local Office of Information.

9. Release by Non-Air Force Sources. If newsmen, writers, publishers, or private individuals desire to release unofficial information concerning a UFO sighting, Air Force activities will make every effort to assure that the statements, theories, and allegations of these individuals or groups are not associated with or represented as official information.

10. Contacts. Private individuals or organizations desiring Air Force interviews, briefings, lectures, or private discussions on UFO's will direct their requests to the Office of Information, Office of the Secretary of the Air Force. Air Force personnel, other than those of the Office of Information, will not contact private individuals on UFO cases, nor will they discuss their operations and functions with unauthorized persons unless so directed, and then only on a "need-to-know" basis.

SECTION C—PREPARING AND SUBMITTING REPORTS

11. General Information:

a. Paragraphs 2 and 5 will serve as aids and guidance to screenings, investigations, and reporting. Paragraphs 14 contains an outline of the reporting format. Activities initially receiving reports of aerial objects and phenomena will screen the information to determine whether the report concerns a valid UFO within the definition of paragraph 1b. Reports not within that definition do not require further action under the provisions of this regulation.

b. To assist activities and personnel responsible for handling, screening, and processing initial, incoming UFO information, a summary follows of the general sources and types of reports:

(1) Generally, initial UFO reports originate from two sources:
(a) Civilian (airline, private, and professional pilots, tower operators, technical personnel, casual observers, and the public in general), by correspondence, telephone or personal interview);

(b) Military units and personnel (pilots, observing units, radar operators, aircraft control and warning units, etc.), by telephone, electrical message, or personal interview;

(2) Generally, UFO reports received from civilian sources are of two types:
(a) Those referring strictly to an observed UFO, containing either detailed or meager information;

(b) Those referring only in part to an observed UFO, but primarily requesting information on some aspect of the UFO program.

c. Reports considered to fall primarily in a public relations or information service category (see paragraphs 7, 8, 9, and b(2) above) are of primary interest to the Office of Information. UFO data sufficient for investigation and/or analysis may be extracted before referral to that office.

12. Methods for Transmitting Reports:

a. Together with any necessary screenings and investigations preparatory to reporting, report all information on UFO's promptly. Electrical transmission with a "Priority" precedence is authorized for reports under 3 days from date of sighting. Electronically transmitted reports over 3 days old should carry a "Routine" precedence.

b. Submit written reports of sightings over 3 days old on AF Form 112, "Intelligence Report."


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 200-2

and AF Form 112A, "Supplement to AF Form 112" (see paragraphs 14 and 15); however, keep the use of these forms to a minimum in reporting initial sightings. The delays often involved in processing and transmitting AF Form 112 through channels may make followup investigations difficult, producing only limited usable information. This factor is a necessary consideration. Reporting by electrical means will climinate delays. If requested by the AFSC (FTD), AF Form 112 will provide a followup and/or complete report of all sightings initially reported electrically.

13. Where To Submit Reports:
a. Electrical Reports. Submit multiple addressed electrical reports to:
(1) Air Defense Command, Ent AFB, Colorado

(2) Nearest Air Division (Defense) (For United States only)

(3) Air Force Systems Command, Foreign Technology Division, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

(4) Headquarters, USAF (AFCIN), Wash 25 DC

(5) Secretary of the Air Force (SAFOI), Wash 25 DC

b. Written Reports (Basic letters and AF Form 112):
(1) Basic Letters. Submit all letter reports direct to the AFSC (FTD). The AFSC (FTD) will distribute the reports to Interested Intelligence activities in the United States and to the Office of Information, if necessary.

(2) AF Form 112. Submit original report, as prescribed in "Intelligence Collection Instruction (ICI)," June 1954, direct to HQ USAF (AFCIN) Wash 25 DC, and a copy to AFSC (FTD).

c. Reports from Civilians. Where possible, advise civilian sources contemplating reporting UFOs to submit the report, for processing and transmission, to the nearest Air Force base.

14. Basic Reporting Data and Format. Show the abbreviation "UFO" at the beginning of the text of all electrical reports and in the subject of written reports. Include the required data in all reports, in the order shown below:

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape.
(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: Head of a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit, or basketball) held in the hand at about arm's length.

(3) Color.
(4) Number.
(5) Formation, if more than one.
(6) Any discernible features or details.
(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s).
(8) Sound; if heard, describe sound.
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features.

b. Description of Course of Object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?
(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed.
(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance.
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s).
(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the North, etc.)
(6) How long (were) the object(s) visible?

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, air-visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic, air-radar, ground-radar.
(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof.
(3) If the sighting occurred while air-borne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.

d. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date group of sighting.
(2) Light conditions. (Use one of the following terms: Night, day, dawn, dusk.)

e. Location of Observer(s). Give exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position. In electrical reports, give a position with reference to a known landmark also, such as "2mi N of Deville"; "8mi SW of Blue Lake." Typographical errors or "garbling" often occur in electronically transmitted messages, making location plots difficult or impossible.

5


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 200-2

Example: 89 45N, 192 71W for 39 45N, 102 21W.

f. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
(1) Civilian—Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability.

(2) Military—Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability.

g. Weather and Winds—Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:
(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions.

(2) Report from nearest AWS or U. S. Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots at surface, 6,000', 10,000', 16,000', 20,000', 30,000', 50,000', 80,000', if available.

(3) Ceiling.

(4) Visibility.

(5) Amount of cloud cover.

(6) Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located.

(7) Vertical temperature gradient.

h. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.

i. Interception or identification action taken (such action is authorized whenever feasible, and in compliance with existing air defense directives).

j. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting.

k. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s). (See paragraph 16.)

l. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs.

15. Negative or Inapplicable Data. Even though the source does not provide, or an interviewer has not asked for specific information, do not use the words "negative" or "unidentified" before exhausting all logical leads to obtain the information outlined under paragraph 14. For example, information on weather conditions in the area, Use the phrase "not applicable (N/A)" only when the question does not apply to the particular sighting under investigation.

16. Comments of Preparing Officer. The preparing officer will make a preliminary analysis and a comment on the possible cause or identity of the object he is reporting, together with a statement supporting his comment and analysis. He will make every effort to obtain pertinent items of information and to test all possible leads, clues, and hypotheses concerning the identity or explanation of the sighting. (See paragraph 5.) The preparing officer who receives the report initially is in a much better position to conduct an "on-the-spot" survey or followup than subsequent investigative personnel and analysts, who may be far removed from the area, and who may arrive too late to obtain vital data or the missing information necessary for firm conclusions.

17. Classification. Do not classify reports unless data requested in paragraph 14 require classification. Classify reports primarily to protect:
a. Names of sources reporting UFO's and other principals involved, if so requested by these persons or considered necessary;

b. Intelligence, investigative, intercept, or analytical methods or procedures;

c. Location of radar and other classified sites, units, and equipment;

d. Information on certain types, characteristics, and capabilities of classified aircraft, missiles, or devices that may be involved in the sighting.

18. Reporting Physical Evidence. Report promptly the existence of physical evidence (photographic or material). Mark all physical evidence forwarded to the AFSC (FTD), Aerial Phenomena Branch.

a. Photographic:
(1) Still Photographs. Forward the negative and two prints. Title the prints and the negatives, or indicate the place, time, and date of the incident.

(2) Motion Pictures. Obtain the original film. Examine the film strip for apparent cuts, alterations, obliterations, or defects. In the report comment on any irregularities, particularly those received from other than official sources.

(3) Supplemental Photographic Information. Negatives and prints often are insufficient to provide certain valid data or to permit firm conclusions. (See AFM 200-9—a classified document receiving limited distribution.) Information that will aid in plotting or estimating distances, apparent size and nature of object, probable velocity, and movements includes:

[Page number 6 is visible at the bottom of the document]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

(a) Type and make of camera,
(b) Type, focal length, and make of lens,
(c) Brand and type of film,
(d) Shutter speed used,
(e) Lens opening used; that is, "f" stop,
(f) Filters used,
(g) Was tripod or solid stand used,
(i) Was "panning" used,
(i) Exact direction camera was pointing
with relation to true north, and its angle with
respect to the ground.

(4) Other Camera Data. If supplemental
information is unobtainable, the minimum camera data required are the type of camera, and
the smallest and largest "f" stop and shutter
speed readings of the camera.

(5) Radar. Forward two copies of each stillcamera photographic print. Title radarscope
photographic prints in accordance with AFR

95-7. Classify radarscope photographs in accordance with Section XII, AFR 205-1, 10 June 1960.

NOTE: If possible, develop photographic film
before forwarding. Mark any undeveloped film
conspicuously to indicate this fact, to avoid destruction by exposure during examinations en
route through mail channels to final addresses.

b. Material. Each Air Force echelon receiving
suspected or actual UFO material will safeguard
it in a manner to prevent any defacing or alterations which might reduce its value for intelligence examination and analysis.

c. Photographs, Motion Pictures, and Negatives Submitted by Individuals. Individuals often
submit photographic and motion picture material as part of their UFO reports. All original
material submitted will be returned to the individual after completion of necessary studies,
analyses, and duplication by the Air Force.

By Order of the Secretary of the Air Force:

OFFICIAL:

R. J. PUGH
Colonel, USAF
Director of Administrative Services

CURTIS E. LeMAY
Chief of Staff

U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1962

7


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

1961
JANUARY       25   9   0   6   2   1   0   47
FEBRUARY      23   1   2   15   7   6   1   59
MARCH         18   3   2   14   6   3   0   16
APRIL         10   2   4   6   5   2   1   30
MAY           12   6   5   15   6   13   1   53
JUNE          13   3   6   10   9   4   1   45
JULY          19   8   5   11   7   15   4   69
AUGUST        10   12   8   9   8   12   1   61
SEPTEMBER     25   7   7   8   3   1   1   64
OCTOBER       14   7   2   10   7   1   0   41
NOVEMBER      16   5   2   5   4   6   2   40
DECEMBER      5   1   0   7   3   3   1   20
TOTAL        197  70  37  116  74  69  13  575

[Rest of the document contains detailed statistical tables about UFO sightings and classifications, including categories like "Astro Cases", "Other Cases", and various subcategories such as "Hoaxes", "Hallucinations", "Radar Analysis", etc.]

The right side of the document includes a text paragraph that reads:

"There were 13 cases where sufficient information was presented for evaluation and no conclusion as to the cause was reached. These are the 19 unidentified for 1961. No available indication that the object or objects in these cases were interplanetary or that they constituted a threat to the security of the United States."


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

1960
JANUARY       9   2   1   2   8   0   1   22
FEBRUARY      7   2   1   2   7   0   1   23
MARCH        10   0   1   6   5   0   3*  25
APRIL        17   4   1   4   9   0   0   38
MAY          10   3   4   16   7   0   0   40
JUNE         19   8   3   5   8   0   0   41
JULY         32   8   4   6   4   0   1   55
AUGUST       20   8   6   12   6   7   2   25
SEPTEMBER    51   13  1   16  20  3   1   105
OCTOBER      20   7   3   11  7   1   2   50
NOVEMBER     13   5   0   5   3   2   2   30
DECEMBER     22   2   1   13  4   7   0   50
Total        230  60  21  101 80  20  11  534

* (Including one ice fall with source unknown)

ASTRO CASES:
Meteors                9   6   9   17  7   17  24  13  37  17  5   16  185
Planets & Stars        0   1   0   0   3   2   7   7   13  3   4   4   44
Other                  0   0   1a  0   0   0   1   0   1   0   0   0   3
Total                  9   7   10  17  10  19  32  20  51  20  13  22  230
a) Sub-sun b) Moon c) Aurora

OTHER CASES:
Hoax's, Hallucinations,
Unreliable Reports, &
Psychologically attributed
cases.                 2   1   0   1   2   1   2   2   1   3   0   1   0   13
Missiles.              2   0   0   0   0   2   2   2   3   2   1   0   0   13
Reflections.           1   1   1   2   2   1   0   0   0   0   2   1   0   11
Satellite Decay.       0   0   1   2   0   0   0   0   1   4   1   0   1   7
Mirages & Inversions.  0   1   1   0   0   0   0   0   1   3   1   0   0   7
Radar Analysis (Anam Prop WX). 1   0   0   0   0   0   0   0   4   0   0   0   5
Flares.                1   0   1   0   1   0   0   1   1   0   0   0   0   6
Birds.                 0   1   0   2   0   1   0   0   0   0   0   0   0   3
Photo (Lens Aberration, Refl). 0   0   0   1   0   2   0   0   0   0   1   0   0   4
Photo Emulsion Flaw.   0   1   0   0   1   0   0   0   0   0   0   0   1   3
Clouds.                1   0   0   1   1   0   0   0   0   0   0   0   0   2
Miscellaneous.         0   2ab 0   0   0   0   0   0   0   2jk 0   1L  0   5
Physical Objects.      0   7   16  0   14  16  4   2fg 2hi 0   0   4   0   7
Total                  7   5   9   7   6   7   5   20   7   3   1L  4   3   68
a) Ceilometer b) Navy illumination exercise c) Chaff d) Piece of iron
e) Furnace slag f) Water beacon g) Schoboy h) Furnace slag i) Parachute
j) Shotgun blast k) Contrafl l) Rotating beacon

There were 14 cases where sufficient information was presented for evaluation and no conclusion as to the cause of the sighting was reached. These represent the Unidentified's for 1960. No evidence was presented during the year or preceding years that any object or objects were interplanetary, or that they constituted a threat to the security of the United States.


- page 8 -

1959 STATISTICAL CHART
(Compiled 1 Oct 1962)

JANUARY
FEBRUARY
MARCH
APRIL
MAY
JUNE
JULY
AUGUST
SEPTEMBER
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
TOTAL

[Various numerical columns with monthly data]

ASTRO CASES:
Meteors
Planets & Stars
Other
Total
a) Sunspot b) Parhelia c) Moon d) Aurora

[Detailed numerical breakdown of astronomical cases]

OTHER CASES:
Hoaxes, Hallucinations,
Unreliable Reports, & Cases
attributed to Psychological
Causes
Missiles
Reflections
Spotlights, Searchlights
Mirages and Inversions
Radar Analysis
Photographic Analysis
Physical Specimens
Miscellaneous Causes
Plasma Phenomena
Total

[Detailed numerical breakdown of other cases]

Footnote with additional abbreviation explanations, including:
e) NASA Sodium shot f) NASA Balloon Rocket g) equipment hallucination h) EOT
[and several more abbreviation explanations]


- page 9 -

1958 DISTRIBUTION SHEET
(Compiled 15 Dec 1958)

1958
JANUARY         13     6     7     7    10     38
MARCH           13     6     7    10    10     46
APRIL           20     6     5     9    10     50
JUNE            14     6     3     9    10     42
JULY            21    17     5    21     7     71
AUGUST          20    11     4     8     7     50
SEPTEMBER       20    10     4     9     7     50
OCTOBER         23    10     4    10     7     54
NOVEMBER        19     3     5     9     7     43
DECEMBER        17     3     5     7     7     39
TOTAL 220    161    57    201    92    731

WIND CASES
BALLOON         3     1     1     3     1     9
AIRCRAFT        17    13     3    20    11    64
OTHER           3     3     1     0     0     7
Total          23    17    15    23    12    90

CLOSED CASES
Hoax, Hallucinations,
Unreliable Record and
Psychological Disturbance   5     0     0     0     0     5
Astronomical                0     0     0     0     0     0
Planification               0     0     0     0     0     0
Missile Long                0     0     0     0     0     0
Ground Lights, Anomalies    0     0     0     1     1     2
Cliffs                      0     0     0     0     1     1
Flares                      0     0     0     0     3     3
Contrails                   0     1     0     3     0     4
Camper, Tractor             0     0     0     0     2     2
Climbing, Ascending         0     0     0     0     1     1
Fireball                    0     0     0     0     1     1
Lights, Unexplained         0     0     3     0     0     3
Night Hallucination         0     0     0     0     0     0
American Proposition (Under) 0     0     0     0     0     0
Radar, other reference      7     1     0     0     0     8

a) Winds (3)   b) Balloons (4)   c) Pilot (6)   d) Weather Device
e) Haze Mirage f) Book (R)   g) Weather (Misc) h) Balloon Device
i) Radiation Fan   j) Camera Lack (Misc)   k) Balloon Identification
l) Tm Edison Flare   m) Reflection within Lens


- page 10 -

The camera upright rail underwent eight frame changes during the week beginning August 16th, a datum in this investigation.

series by Paul H. Poss, Rochester, New York, and the Alan McElroy, Los Angeles, California. Mr. Poss used a 16mm x 9 Arco X-ray film, guided with a 9-inch reference. Left to right, he took the first three pictures on Aug. 16, 8:58:11 pm.

Eastern standard time; Aug. 17, 8:58:18; Aug. 18, 8:58:00; and the sixth, Aug. 21, 8:58:38.


- page 11 -

Case includes one (1) 9½ x 7½" photograph and one (1) 8½" x 6" photograph.

[Note: There is also a "SWS" stamp in the top right corner and a document number "10038417" printed vertically on the right side of the page.]


- page 12 -

The text at the bottom of the image is partially illegible. The only clearly readable part of the text appears to be the beginning of a figure caption, which starts with "Fig. 14 -". The rest of the text is too blurry to confidently transcribe.

The image shows a black and white photograph of a landscape with what appears to be a UFO or disk-shaped object in the sky, with some ground structures like a fence or pier visible in the foreground.


- page 13 -

The text on this page is illegible. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a landscape with what seems to be a UFO or unidentified flying object in the sky. There is a cloud-like formation at the top of the image and a disc-shaped object near the horizon. The page is bordered with a decorative wavy border, and there is a "B" written in the bottom right corner of the page.


- page 14 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Exhibit 17

AT HIGH SP... (partially cut off)
S-SHROUDED "D"

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing several figures from behind, looking up at what seems to be a long, thin object or trail in the sky. The image is somewhat grainy and low contrast.


- page 15 -

The text I can read in the image is partially obscured, but appears to be:

[partial text at bottom of image]
...DEC 8-9, 1961 PLASTIC CL... LAUNCHING,

The image shows a black and white photograph of what appears to be a high-altitude balloon or rocket launch, with a long, thin object extending vertically from the bottom of the image upwards, expanding into a wider shape near the top. There are also some small black circular objects on the sides of the image.


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

2741. G. 6540. MSL TEST WG. 18 OCT. 51. ELA
BALLOON. 45ft. PLASTIC BALLOON IN FLIGHT.


- page 17 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a grayscale photograph showing what seem to be two white/bright objects - one triangular-shaped on the left side and one circular/round on the right side - against a gray background.


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

RADIOSONDE MODULATOR
AND TRANSMITTER WITH
LIGHT ATTACHED.

DAY PHOTOGRAPH


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

(THIS SECTOR OF THE SKY IN DARKNESS)

PORTION OF BALLOON VISIBLE
OFTEN APPEARS DISC OR AS
"SAUCER SHAPED"

SUN BEHIND HORIZON

(THIS SECTOR OF THE SKY IN SUNLIGHT)

Sketch purposely exaggerated to emphasize
the phenomena

Additional labels on the diagram include:
- AIRCRAFT OBSERVING
- ONLY PORTION
- OF BALLOON
- BALLOON AT MEDIUM
- OR HIGH ALTITUDE
- SECOND OBSERVER


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

LAUNCHED 25 JUL 1952-5 HOURS

LAUNCHED 1 JUL 1952-5 DAYS

BALLOON TRACKS

LAUNCHED 25 JUL 1952-10 DAYS

LAUNCHED 10 JAN 1952-2 DAYS THEN LOST

LAUNCHED 15 JAN 1952-4 DAYS

LAUNCHED 10 JUL 1952-12 HOURS

LAUNCHED 11 JUL 1952-4 DAYS

LAUNCHED 1 SEP 1952-3 DAYS

SIGHTED AND REPORTED AS UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

The document appears to be a map of the United States with various balloon launch tracks marked, showing launch dates and durations.


- page 21 -

HISTORY OF PROJECT

Following the Kenneth Arnold sighting on 24 June 1947, wide news coverage of public reports of "flying discs or saucers" created sufficient concern at high military echelons to authorize AMC to conduct a preliminary investigation into these reports. Early correspondence indicates that U.S. Military Leaders were concerned that the objects reported were an aircraft configuration more advanced than those possessed by the United States Armed Forces. A letter, 23 September 1947, from Lt. General Twining of AMC to the Commanding General of the Army Air Forces, expressed the opinion that there was sufficient substance in the reports to warrant a detailed study.

On 30 December 1947, a letter from the Chief of Staff directed AMC to... "set up a project whose purpose was to collect, collate, evaluate and distribute to interested Government Agencies and contractors all information concerning UFO sightings and phenomena in the atmosphere which can be construed to be of concern to the National Security. . ."

The Technical Intelligence Division of AMC issued Hq AMC Technical Instruction No 2135, 11 February 1948, and the project was inaugurated with a code name of "SIGN." The code name was changed to the code name "GRUDGE" on 16 December 1948. A report released in February 1949 covering analysis of the first 273 incidents concluded that, while no definite and conclusive evidence existed, evaluation of reports of unidentified objects was a necessary activity of Military Intelligence Agencies.

After the Project "SIGN" Report, work continued along the same lines and a Project "GRUDGE" Report was published and released in August 1949 by AMC. This report contained analysis of 244 cases and concluded that Unidentified Flying Objects reports resulted from: a) misinterpretation of conventional objects, b) mass hysteria or "War Nerves", c) hoaxes and/or d) Psychopathological persons. Based upon these conclusions AMC recommended that investigation and study of this type of report be reduced in scope. Major portions of this work were performed under contract by Ohio State University, Professor Hynek (Present Consultant to AF on Project Blue Book), The Rand Corporation, Dr. G. Valley, Dr. Paul Fitts, Air Weather Service, 3610th Electronic Section and the U. S. Weather Bureau.

Following publication of the "GRUDGE" Report, the Air Force continued to investigate sightings, inasmuch as it is an Air Force responsibility to identify and analyze Aerial Phenomena that could possibly be a menace to the United States. Much of the Scientific and Technical work during 1950 and 1951 centered around Project "Twinkle" and the Green Fireball studies of Dr. La Paz in the Southwest United States. Project "Twinkle" Final Report was completed on 27 December 1951. During December 1951 Colonel Kirkland and Lt. Ruppelt made a visit to Battelle Memorial Institute to discuss the feasibility of a scientific study from the data collected since the program's inception. Thus, Project Blue Book's Special Report #14 came into being.


- page 22 -

UFO BRIEFING

1. History of Project

In June of 1947, a private pilot named Kenneth Arnold reported that he had observed several unidentified objects flying in the vicinity of Mt. Rainier, Washington. Air Force objects were described as "like saucers skipping on water." Numerous reports of this interval caused to the object as "flying saucers" and thus we entered the era of unidentified flying objects. The Air Force was assigned the responsibility for determining the cause for these incidents. This project was initially identified as "Sign," but subsequently, the name was changed to "Grudge," then to "Blue Book" its present designation.

11. Objectives of Project

The project has three objectives:

1. To determine if UFO's constitute a threat to our national security.

2. To determine if any information of a technical or scientific nature is available from UFO's, and

3. To provide news media with information regarding the causes of sightings to dispel any public unrest which may result from them.

14. Report Required from Intelligence Officers

AFR 200-2 which is the Air Force Directive regarding UFO's, again the 302 provides the basic instructions. UFO sightings to the Air Force have been nearest the incident. The Base Commander normally briefs the UFO project after the initial report. Many of you will find yourselves involved in this project after assignment.

AFR 200-2 spells out the specific requirements for UFO reports. The elements of the report format is also a good guide as to what facts to include in making a sighting.

A good investigator will strive as much call as possible and at the same time, gather information which will enable him to


- page 23 -

During the phase in which Special Report #14 was in preparation (1952 - 1954) the project attracted a Public Relations aspect that remains with it today. This came about through a National Interest in reported sightings, Science-Fiction publications of alleged contacts with visitors from outer space, formation of pseudo-scientific organizations, hobby clubs, and self-appointed individuals who investigated UFO sightings. The radar sightings in Washington D. C. during July 1952 tended to give substance to UFO reports. News coverage during this period was extremely high and General Samford conducted a press conference on 29 July 1952 to explain the situation.

With the increased volume of reports pouring in, a Scientific Advisory Panel on UFO was established in late 1952. At a meeting held during 14 - 18 January 1953 all available data was examined. Conclusions and recommendations of the panel were published in an unclassified report, and made public. The panel concluded that UFO's did not threaten the National Security of the U. S. and recommended that the Aura of mystery attached to the project be removed.

By 1953 Air Force responsibility for the UFO program had become firmly established. It was now apparent that some directives were necessary in order to standardize investigative procedures and formulate policy. AFR 200-2 was written and the final publication was dated in August 1954. This regulation states the purpose, investigative procedures and policies relating to release of information. Special Report #14 was completed on 17 March 1954. It concluded that on the basis of the observations reported to the Air Force it was highly improbable that any of these reports represent observations of technological developments outside the range of present day scientific knowledge. In accordance with the recommendations of the Scientific Panel and provisions for release of information outlined in AFR 200-2 the report was declassified and released to the general public on 5 May 1955.

After 1955 the project concerned itself with investigation of sightings, evaluation of the data and release of information to proper news media. This information is given to the public in the form of a news release called the "FACT SHEET". These, or similar releases have been made periodically since 1955. All data collected has been in accordance with the conclusions of the Scientific Panel in January 1953. Still, the "Flying Saucer Myth" had remained in the public eye, and has necessitated many conferences and briefings among Military, Civilian, Scientific, and Congressional members.

Among the most significant of these are: a) 4 October 1956, the General Levis Special Briefing, b) 16 September 1957, Defense Science Board Briefing, c) 31 January 1958, McClellan Sub-Committee Briefing, d) 8 August 1958, McCormack Sub-Committee Briefing, e) February 1959, Washington D. C. Policy Meetings and f) 11 - 15 July 1961, Congressional Briefing (Mr. Robert Smart).


- page 24 -

As far back as 1952 recommendations have been made to discontinue the project or transfer it to civilian agencies or contractors. However, continuation of the project under Air Forces auspices is likely. A letter from General Watson on 7 July 1955 to General Sanford expressed factors that are still pertinent, ". . . is the fact that complete reliance on a contractor would not reduce the responsibility of and therefore the load carried by the Air Force. . ." Also, various studies have been made to transfer the project to other organizations within the Air Force.

CURRENT SITUATION: Personnel associated with the project are engaged in receipt of UFO reports, investigation and analysis of these reports and maintenance of research and correspondence files. In addition, information is supplied to SAFOI-CC which to base a reply to more than 2,000 letters a year from individuals requesting information on the UFO program. From 1962 - 1965 the files were reviewed and placed in a standard format. Statistics were recomputed on the basis of the actual case files. The fact sheet was revised to provide information most often requested by individuals and to disseminate the yearly statistics. Periodic case summaries on cases or public interest are released. The current AFR 200-2 is under revision. Present Project Officer is Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.


- page 25 -

UFO

Air Force Regulation 200-2 establishes the UFO program

to investigate and analyze UFOs over the United States.

Such investigation and analysis are directly related

to Air Force responsibility for the defense of the

United States.


- page 26 -

OBJECTIVES

Air Force Interest in UFOs is three fold:

1. To determine if UFO phenomena presents a threat
to the security of the United States.

2. To determine if the UFO phenomena exhibits any
technological advances which could be channeled
into Research and Development.

3. To explain or identify the stimulus which caused
the observer to submit his report as an unidentified
flying object.


- page 27 -

EXTRACT
AFR 200-2

14. Basic Reporting Data and Format. Show the abbreviation "UFO" at the beginning of the text of all electrical reports and in the subject of written reports. Include the required date in all reports, in the order shown below:

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape.
(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: Head of a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit, or basketball) held in the hand at about arm's length.
(3) Color.
(4) Number.
(5) Formation, if more than one.
(6) Any discernible features or details.
(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s).
(8) Sound; if heard, describe sound.
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features.

b. Description of Course of Object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed.

(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance.

(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s).

(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the North, etc.)

(6) How long (were) the object(s) visible? (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc.)

c. Manner of Observation:

(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-Visual, air-visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radar.)

(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof.

(3) If the sighting occurred while air-borne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.

d. Time and Date of Sighting:

(1) Zulu time-date group of sighting.

(2) Light conditions. (Use one of the following terms: Night, day, dawn, dusk.)

e. Location of Observer(s). Give exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position. In electrical reports, give a position with reference to a known landmark also, such as "2mi N of Dee-ville"; "3mi SW of Blue Lake." Typographical errors or "garbling" often occur in electrically transmitted messages, making location plots difficult or impossible.


- page 29 -

Example: 89 45N, 192 71W for 39 45N, 102 21W.

f. Identifying Information on Observer(s):

(1) Civilian-Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability.

(2) Military-Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability

g. Weather and Winds-Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:

(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions

(2) Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots at surface, 6000', 10,000', 16,000', 20,000', 30,000', 50,000', and 80,000', if available.

(3) Ceiling.

(4) Visibility.

(5) Amount of cloud cover.

(6) Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located.

(7) Vertical temperature gradient.

h. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.

i. Interception or identification action taken (such action is authorized whenever feasible, and in compliance with existing air defense directives).

j. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting.

k. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s). (See paragraph 16.)

l. Existence of physical evidence, such as material and photographs.


- page 30 -

TD-E/Lt Col Friend/mb/69216
UFO Program and Briefing

30 January 1963

3750th Technical School, USAF (ATC) (TS-A-3, Mr. Glisson)
Sheppard Air Force Base, Texas

1. Reference your letter of 23 January 1963 concerning your interest in Dr. Hynek as a guest speaker on the subject of Unidentified Flying Objects.

2. In arranging for Dr. Hynek's services, please forward to TD-E, at least two weeks in advance, the dates of your choice. Also, it would be appreciated if quarters could be arranged for Dr. Hynek during his stay.

3. Dr. Hynek is available to you at no cost.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components


- page 31 -

HEADQUARTERS
3750TH TECHNICAL SCHOOL, USAF (ATC)
SHEPPARD AIR FORCE BASE, TEXAS
Department of Intelligence Training

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: T3-A-3 (Mr. Glisson)                                   23 January 1963

SUBJECT: UFO Program and Briefing

TO: FTD (TD-5/LtCol Pried)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Thank you for your letter concerning Dr. J. Allen Hynek and his availability as a guest speaker. However, we cannot schedule guest speakers at this time due to the pending move of our training activity to Lowry AFB. We are interested in Dr. Hynek and will need to know the arrangement procedure for future planning. Please forward us this information including cost factors.

2. We appreciate your sending the UFO material.

[Signature]
DANIEL G. SMITH
LtCol, USAF
Director


- page 32 -

Tech Tng Den (19-4-3)
Sheppard AFB, Texas

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL BUSINESS

POSTAGE AND FEES PAID

FTD (TD-4/LtCol Friend)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

18


- page 33 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-2-

include a good evaluation of the data in his report. Expor-
ience gathered from the investigation of several thousand
cases indicates that the following areas are some of those
which an investigator should consider.

1. Witness indicates that the object was in sight only
a second, but he describes it in great detail. The investi-
gator should determine if the witness is capable of estimat-
ing time accurately.

2. The witness reports speeds many times that of sound,
but reports that the object was in the area for an hour or so.

3. Many witnesses report that the object was viewed in a
specific direction or moved in some specific direction. The
investigator should familiarize himself with the area, have
the witness point out the direction in which the object was
seen, and determine the direction for himself.

4. The ability of the witness to estimate angles should
be determined. Most people tend to overestimate angles measured
from the horizon. To prove this point to yourselves, have a
friend raise his arm to what he thinks is 45 degrees elevation
and then measure it.

5. Some witnesses may be color blind and others may have
a color weakness of which they are not aware.

6. Many witnesses are under some type of mental stress
prior to or experiencing sighting of a UFO. Careful interroga-
tion will in many instances bring this to light.

7. Many witnesses have special qualifications which should
be exploited by the investigator. For instance, if the witness
is scientifically trained, it is probably better to let him
prepare a report than usual, him regarding any data which is
omitted.

There are many more things which can be brought out regard-
ing investigation techniques, but those mentioned above should
prompt your thinking in the proper direction. Above all, rem-
ember to obtain and retain the confidential office of the witness, do
not under any circumstances ridicule the incident being reported,
for it may be important and only appear foolish or unimportant
because of the floundering put on it by an over-imaginative wit-
ness.

Many of the incidents which occur each year and are reported
as UFO's are observed by scientists in the areas in which the


- page 34 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TD-E/Lt Col Friend/mb/69216                                                8 January 1963

Tech Tag Con (TS-A-1) (Mr. W. Glisson)
Sheppard AFB Tex

1. Dr. J. Allen Hynek, USAF consultant to the Air Force UFO Project since 1948, is available to give a briefing on this subject to the students of your Intelligence Officer Course.

2. Dr. Hynek is available during two periods. These occur during the summer between June 15 and September 1 and during the winter quarter between January and March.

3. If this service is desired by your organization, arrangements can be made by contacting FTD (TD-E Lt Col Friend) and indicating those possible dates which would conform with your schedule.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components


- page 35 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TD-8/Lt Col Friend/mb/69216
UFO Program                                                        19 December 1962

Technical Training Center (TS-A-1 Mr. W. Glisson)
Sheppard AFB, Texas

Attached is the material on the USAF Unidentified Flying
Objects program requested by you for use in your train-
ing course for Intelligence officers.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
EDWARD H. WYNN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components                                                     2 Atch
                                                                   1. UFO Briefing
                                                                   2. Supplemental Infor-
                                                                      mation


- page 36 -

Air Intelligence Branch
Department of Intelligence Training
3750th Technical School, USAF (ATC)
Sheppard Air Force Base, Texas

29 October 1962

FTD (TD-22B)
Attn: Major Howard F. Greene
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Enclosed are two copies of the syllabus for the FTD course that we discussed on 27 September with Col Wynn and you. My apologies for its being late, we just received it from the printers yesterday.

We are still anticipating the "Cross Check" question run when you get it and the UFO pictures from LtCol Friend.

STEVEN R. SCHELL
2nd Lt, USAF

1 Atch
OTS8000-6 Syllabus (2 cys)


- page 37 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

TO:
1. COL WYNN
   LT. POST
   MAJ. CHESNE

2. MR. DOANE
   MISS FLOYD
   MRS. CLAUS

3. MISS SHEERIN
   T/SGT YAGER
   MRS. FREY

4. LT COL FRIEND
   T/SGT MOODY
   MRS. MORRIS

REMARKS:
TD-B1
TD-B2
TD-B3

[Handwritten note]
I have done my part. Have you sent the UFO file yet?

FROM:
TD-E
Rob

DATE: 6 Nov-

DD FORM 95
OCT 50

Replaces DD Form 94, 1 Feb 50 and DD Form 95, 1 Feb 50 which will be used until exhausted.


- page 38 -

Here is the text from the document:

-3-

incidents occur. Investigators should check with local observatories, universities, and scientific companies to determine if any known occurrence could account for the sighting.

In many instances, checking with local industry or the local weather station will reveal the release of a balloon or some other object which could account for the sighting.

UFO reports should contain the best possible weather data. This data should not be obtained from the witness, but rather from the nearest weather station. However, any impression which the witness has regarding the weather should also be included in the report.

IV. Major Causes of UFO's and How to Identify Them

The attached chart is a breakdown of the sightings for the year 1960. This chart is typical of the last few years.

1. Meteors

The object reported most frequently as a UFO is the meteor. You are all familiar with a called shooting stars, and no doubt many of you have seen some that penetrated close to the Earth. Some of you may have been fortunate enough to witness a "fireball" or a "bolide".

Here are the characteristics of this type of sighting.

a. The duration is USUALLY extremely short. Varying from a "flash" to several seconds. Anything over several seconds falls into the doubtful category although there have been unconfirmed reports of meteors observed lasting several minutes.

b. The color may be red, white, green, blue--almost any color. However, the tendency is toward the greens and whites. Some meteors have tails while others don't. The tail may be a different color from that of the meteor.

c. The flight path will almost always be straight. Report the position of initial observation and the final position where the object burned out or disappeared.

d. The speed, of course, will be associated with the duration: 43.6 miles per second, depending upon whether the meteor is overtaking the Earth or meeting it head-on.


- page 39 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-4-

e. The brightness may vary from faint to giant "fire-balls" that cast shadows. On 19 April 1962, a meteor over Eureka, then was bright enough to trip the photo electric cell that regulates the street lights.

f. Meteors have been observed during the day as well as at night. Trails of smoke have been left during the day, but this is not always the case.

g. Bolides are a class of meteor that are either heard or seen to explode. If accompanied by sound, the sound may be a whistling, whooshing, humming or any descriptive word that the observer decides to use. The sound may be faint or loud. The exploding bolide usually breaks up into a small number of pieces which continue without a major change in course; although, on rare occasions a change of direction may be noted for several of the pieces. There may or may not be an accompanying change in color.

2. Stars and Planets

Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and even the moon and stars (under a variety of circumstances) have been reported as UFO's. Again we limit the characteristics to the most frequent reports. The sighting will be of the brightest planets, or stars. Any object that has an extremely long duration with little motion is likely to fall into this category. A good check is to have the observer look for the object at the same time on succeeding nights. Reports of short duration do not rule out stars or planets, particularly if they are low on the horizon and generally to the west. As the object rises or sets, refraction, the bending of the light as it passes through the atmosphere, causes the object to appear to do strange things just before setting. It may give the impression of rising at tremendous speed to elevations of 30 or 40 degrees and disappear. Inversions, layers of air where the temperatures increase with altitude, enhance the chances of distortion due to atmospheric conditions. (atmospheric optics).

3. Other Causes

Ball lightning, mirages, parhelia and parasol and comets and aurora are some other phenomena which may be misidentified and reported as UFO's. In addition to these, many aircraft, balloons, rockets, satellites, condensation trails, etc. are often viewed under unusual circumstances and reported as an UFO.

4. The Photographs

a. Comets are often confused with meteors. The meteor is a tiny object visible for a few seconds only while in the


- page 40 -

atmosphere less than 100 miles above the Earth. Cosmic rays are
thousands of miles in length. Meteors have two classifications
of size in length and are well known as micro and macro meteors.
Though moving through space at great speed, this movement is relative to
the atmosphere and is a function of the relative velocity of the meteor
buried in, but not yet completely penetrating it. The tail is formed
by particles which are repelled by the sun. These particles are the
tail follows the comet during its inbound trip and increases
it during the outbound trip.

b. Lenticular clouds which are formed in conjunction
with mountain waves, occur at the uppermost point of the first
secondary wave. These clouds are semi-shaped, hence their
name, and are stationary. In order of height, these
factors, probably contribute to the misidentification of these
clouds.

c. Noctilucent clouds.

d. Aircraft flying at high speed is a hazy haze.

e. Aurora.

f.-g. Skyhook balloons.

h-i. Balloons with radar reflectors attached.

j. Balloon traces over U.S.

k. Diagram explaining how balloons can appear as UFOs.

References:
1. TR 200.6, DTD 20 Jul 62
2. Motion, mcht UFO
3. Statistical chart, 1964
4. Tab 106
5. Relative photos a, then b.


- page 41 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AIR FORCE REGULATION
NO. 200-2

AFR 200-2
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
Washington, 26 July 1962

Intelligence Activities

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)

This regulation establishes the UFO Program to investigate and analyze UFO's over the United States. Such investigation and analysis are directly related to Air Force responsibility for the defense of the United States. The UFO Program provides for the prompt reporting and rapid identification needed for successful "identification," which is the second of the four phases of air defense—detection, identification, interception, and destruction. All commanders will comply strictly with this regulation.

SECTION A—GENERAL                                                                                Paragraph
Explanation of Terms.................................................................1
Objectives..............................................................................2
Responsibilities......................................................................3
Guidance...............................................................................4
Reporting UFO Information.......................................................5

SECTION B—PUBLIC RELATIONS, INFORMATION, CONTACTS, AND RELEASES
Maintaining Public Relations......................................................6
Releasing Information...............................................................7
Exceptions..............................................................................8
Release by Non-Air Force Sources................................................9
Contacts.................................................................................10

SECTION C—PREPARING AND SUBMITTING REPORTS
General Information.................................................................11
Methods for Transmitting Reports................................................12
Where To Submit Reports..........................................................13
Basic Reporting Data and Format................................................14
Negative or Inapplicable Data.....................................................15
Comments of Preparing Officer....................................................16
Classification..........................................................................17
Reporting Physical Evidence.......................................................18

SECTION A—GENERAL
1. Explanation of Terms. To insure proper and uniform usage in UFO screenings, investigations, and reporting, an explanation of the objects follows:

a. Familiar or known objects:
(1) Aircraft, balloons, kites, birds, searchlights, astronomical bodies (meteors, planets, stars, comets), pilotless aircraft, missiles, satellites in orbit, and others identified by the observer as normal appearing objects.

(2) Flying objects determined to be aircraft. These generally appear as a result of ADIZ violations and often prompt the UFO reports submitted by the general public. They are readily identifiable as, or known to be, aircraft, but their type, purpose, origin, and destination are unknown.

for reports of "unknown" aircraft, which should not be reported as UFO's under this regulation.

(3) Aircraft flares, jet exhausts, condensation trails, blinking or steady lights observed at night, lights circling or near airports and airways, and other phenomena or objects known to be emanating from, or to be indications of, aircraft. These should not be reported under this regulation, as they do not fall within the definition of a UFO.

b. Unidentified Flying Objects. Any aerial phenomena, airborne object or objects which are unknown or appear out of the ordinary to the observer because of performance, aerodynamic characteristics, or unusual features.

2. Objectives. Air Force interest in UFO's is three-fold. First, as a possible threat to the security of the United States and its forces; sec-

This regulation supersedes AFR 200-2, 14 September 1959, as amended.

OPI: AFCIN
DISTRIBUTION: S


- page 42 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AFR 200-2

and, to determine the technical or scientific characteristics of any such UFO's; third, to explain or identify all UFO sightings as described in paragraph 1b.

a. Air Defense. The great majority of flying objects reported have been conventional, familiar things of no great threat to the security of the United States and its possessions. However, since the possibility exists that UFO's reported may be hostile or new foreign air vehicles of unconventional design, it is imperative to report sightings rapidly, factually, and as completely as possible.

b. Technical and Scientific. The Air Force will continue to collect and analyze reports of UFO's until all are scientifically or technically explained or until the full potential of the sightings has been exploited. In performing this task the following factors are of great importance:

(1) To measure scientific advances, the Air Force must have the latest experimental and developmental information on new or unique air vehicles or weapons.

(2) The possibility exists that foreign countries may develop air vehicles of revolutionary configuration or propulsion.

(3) There is need for further scientific knowledge in such fields as geophysics, astronomy, and physics of the upper atmosphere which the study and analysis of UFO's and similar aerial phenomena may provide.

(4) The reporting of all pertinent factors will have a direct bearing on scientific analyses and conclusions of UFO sightings.

c. Reduction of Percentage of UFO "Unidentifieds". Air Force activities must reduce the percentage of unidentifieds to the minimum. Analysis thus far has explained all but a few of the sightings reported. These unexplained sightings are carried statistically as unidentifiables. If more immediate, detailed, objective data on the unknowns had been available, probably these, too, could have been explained. However, because of the human factors involved, and the fact that analyses of UFO sightings depend primarily on the personal impressions and interpretations of the observers rather than on accurate scientific data or facts obtained under controlled conditions, the elimination of all unidentifieds is improbable.

3. Responsibilities:

a. Reporting. Base commanders will report all information and evidence of UFO sightings, including information and evidence received from other services, Government agencies, and civilian sources. Investigators are authorized to make telephone calls from the investigation area direct to the Foreign Technology Division (FTD), of the Air Force Systems Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio (Clearwater 3-711), ext. 69216/66378). The purpose of the calls is to report high priority findings. (See section C.)

b. Investigation. The commander of the Air Force base nearest the location of the reported UFO sighting will conduct all investigative action necessary to submit a complete initial report of a UFO sighting. The initial investigation will include every effort to resolve the sighting. An Air Force base other than that closest to the scene of a reported UFO sighting will refer the sighting immediately to the commander of the nearest Air Force base for appropriate action. (See paragraph 5.)

c. Analysis. The Air Force Systems Command Foreign Technology Division will analyze and evaluate:

(1) Information and evidence reported within the United States after the investigators of the responsible Air Force base nearest the sighting have exhausted their efforts to identify the UFO.

(2) Information and evidence collected in overseas areas.

EXCEPTION: The AFSC (FTD) independently or in participation with pertinent Air Force activities, may conduct any additional investigations necessary to further or conclude its analyses or findings.

d. Findings. AFSC (FTD) will prepare a final report on each sighting after collection and analysis of data, and will forward a copy of the report to HQ USAF (AFCIN).

e. Public Relations and Information Services. The Office of Information, Office of the Secretary of the Air Force, will be responsible for releasing information on sightings, and, in coordination with AFSC (FTD), answering correspondence from the public regarding UFO's. (See paragraphs 7 and 8.)

f. Congressional Inquiries. The Office of Legislative Liaison will:

(1) In coordination with the AFSC (FTD) and/or the Office of Information, when necessary, answer all congressional mail regarding UFO's addressed to the Secretary of the Air Force and Headquarters USAF.

(2) Forward those inquiries which are scientific and technical to the FTD for information on which to base a reply. The FTD will re-

2


- page 43 -

