Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
27 Sept 62 28/0230Z

2. LOCATION
Silver Springs, Maryland

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 Minute

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual (TX)

7. COURSE
Stationary

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
☒No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
☒No

10. CONCLUSION
AFTER IMAGE
Witness was 12 yr old youth. Double image leads to analysis as possible after image effects of telescope observation. Fading and stationary aspect in accord with this analysis.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Two identical objects observed at 30 deg elevation in the East. Appeared to be stationary. Did not move. Disappeared by fading. White color like cotton. Observed during observation of celestial bodies with TX. Telescope was stuck and would not move. Moon was out.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Silver Springs, Maryland
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]   AGE 14½   SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
I am an amateur astronomer of sorts and at the time I was looking at Mars three my telescope and I was at operation (in the closest it would get for two years)

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?   FT-D   Dayton, Ohio
March   23   1964
Day     Month   Year


- page 2 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Blank spaces for Day, Month, and Year]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
[Blank text box]

Page 7 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 3 -

27 Sept 62
16 MSC 6.4

25 March 1964

Silver Springs, Maryland 20903

Dear Mr.

Additional information is essential for evaluation of your sighting.
(You will please complete the enclosed form and return it to Hq Air Force,
SAFOI-73, in the envelope provided.

Thank you for reporting this unknown object to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
Captain, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena
Branch


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

March 19, 1964
Silver Spring, Md.

Dear Sir;

After spotting a "UFO" I called NASA which
referred me to a Division of Andrews Air Force
Base, which in turn referred me to you.
I am enclosing this data on 1 (one)
"UFO" record sighting I personally have made.

This flight was on 5 Sept 1962 at 9:30 EDT
P.M. at 1050 ft altitude in a wide field sky.
I was observing a very bright object in the
wider dark sky. It was a very bright object
area. P.m. in a very bright light. The bright-
ing time was approx 14 sec and it was very bright at
first viewing. It was very bright, very white, very
fast below.


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

The second sighting was on March 19, 1964 at 1:42 in the p.m. which nearly visibility and just a west of ground base. I was at the post address. At this time I was getting meters patch for a science project. I looked up and saw at about 150° the jet an increased object testing 150 -

It then proceeded to go on a course the visible East when it and I simultaneously at about 20° above the horizon 45-50° from the first time

If this is amplify further, please do not hesitate to write - numbers 4-4190. This is

Note: Some words are partially illegible or cut off, so I have transcribed what I could clearly read.


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
27 Sept 1962
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 9 - 30
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted address] Haddonfield, New Jersey 08033
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town     State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    a. Certain       Hours   1   Minutes   Seconds
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
5.1 How was time in sight determined?   estimated
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes ✓   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                 NIGHT
    a. Bright           a. Bright
    b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
              b. In back of you    e. Overhead
              c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 7 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Blank line]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other [Blank lines]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[Handwritten response appears to say something about it was receding while still being at the same altitude]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: time
b. Color: gloomy white, sort of cottony

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[Handwritten fraction: 1/5]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with arrows indicating movement, labeled "Dome core" and "Silver core"]


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw this object?    23. Were you (Circle One)
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building                                b. In the business section of a city?
b. In a car                                         c. In the residential section of a city/town
c. Outdoors                                         d. In open countryside?
d. In an airplane (type)                            e. Near an airfield?
e. At sea                                           f. Flying over a city?
f. Other                                            g. Flying over open country?
                                                     h. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                                            g. South
b. Northeast                                        h. Southwest
c. East                                             i. West
d. Southeast                                        j. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses                                       a. Binoculars
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No                         b. Telescope    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No                          c. Theodolite   Yes    No
d. Window glass   Yes    No                         h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten text in response, partially illegible: "Some cotton for the corn and angle here again from nearly little but of cotton for the color above"]


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The page is labeled as "Page 5" in the top right corner.


- page 11 -

