PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
25 May 1962

2. LOCATION
Burlington, Massachusetts

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

6. SOURCE
civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1½ to 2 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object in straight flight. Appeared to have some kind of shape like saucer. Passed slightly overhead. Clear bright day. Observer, other black man, sound like plume wings cutting through air. Speed estimated at 1500 mph. Altitude and distance occurred to observer as top of building. Object initial observation time was 15 to 20 seconds. Witness climbed down ladder and got camera (Polaroid), climbed back, and took 8 shots without developing clips.

11. COMMENTS
In all probability the object was a/c as the speed estimated by the duration, the speed etc. fits with this analysis. Also the other 3 witnesses refuse to corroborate the sighting as nothing unusual. Report received over one year after sighting and no attempt is being made to investigate this sighting as agent has no specific data in view of limited information.

(only one of four witnesses report)

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curve line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "Y" on the curve line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[Handwritten text under the line drawing]: Almost straight line from sighting at first to last with slight curve.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Handwritten text]: One object far to the SW was a helicopter. But more lower than the object. Object was not near. Helicopter was watching this helicopter that we spotted. The watching helicopter was no change at the point of the helicopter to sight. Some object is he was at that red almost the left and his back turned.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO. WE HAVE NOT SEEN THIS OR A SIMILAR OBJECT BEFORE. NOTHING SIGNIFICANT AT HIGH ALTITUDE, WATCHING SATELLITES AND TRACKING OF HIGH FLYING CRAFT AND STUDY TRACKING UNUSUAL THINGS IN THE ATMOSPHERE.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
They do not at this time want their names known
FOR FEAR OF RIDICULE

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
[Personal information redacted/blacked out]
City: AUBURN
Age: 26   Sex: 4

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
WORK - HYCON, INC. AS A MASON CONTRACTOR
OUT ON BLDG COMPASS FOR DESTROYER ESCORTS, BETHLEHEM
NAVAL SHIPYARDS.
AMATEUR RADIO OPERATOR, PHOTOGRAPHY.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Date details partially blacked out]
FOUNDER AND PRESIDENT OF NICAP STUDY GROUP FOR ADULT(SCIENTIFIC)


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Blank fields for Day, Month, Year]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or narrative explanation of your sighting:

[Handwritten text, partially legible, appears to describe a UFO sighting with details about an object's movement, size, and behavior. Some words are difficult to make out completely. The text mentions things like "tractor tire", "shots", and appears to be located in Burlington, MA. The handwriting is somewhat dense and challenging to transcribe with complete accuracy.]

The last line seems to reference Burlington, MA, and mentions something about "cutting through air", but due to the handwriting's complexity, I cannot confidently transcribe every single word with absolute certainty.


- page 4 -

Text found in the document:

S 1701

Headquarters
U.S.A.F.
Washington 25
D.C.

AIR MAIL

There are also two postage stamps and a postmark visible on the right side of the document.


- page 5 -

This case contains 17,
7"x4½" photos and 6, 3x3½"
negatives.


- page 6 -

The image appears to be a mostly blank document page with very faint text along the left and right margins. However, the text is so faint and low-contrast that it is largely illegible. There is a small circled symbol or letter "e" at the top center of the document. The page seems to be part of a scanned document with a white background and black borders.


- page 7 -

Visible text on the page:

UNCLASSIFIED

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a mostly blank or heavily degraded document page with some vertical text along the left and right margins. The central area contains a faint, grayscale image that is difficult to discern details from.


- page 8 -

The text I can discern on this page is:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIV WRIGHT-PATT AFB, OHIO

There is a small oval or circular symbol/marking at the top of the document, but the text within it is not legible. The rest of the document appears to be a very faint or low-contrast document that is mostly illegible in this scan.


- page 9 -

The image appears to be a mostly blank or heavily faded document page. The only legible text is along the vertical margins:

Left margin:
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION ALC

Right margin:
CLASSIFIED

Top right corner has a small circled number or symbol (appears to be "13").

The central area of the document is a light gray/white with very low contrast, making most of the potential text illegible.


- page 10 -

The image appears to be a very faint, low-contrast document page. Most of the text is illegible due to poor image quality. The only partially readable text is on the vertical margins of the document, which appears to read:

Left margin (partially readable):
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIV WRIGHT-ATC

Right margin (partially readable):
UNCLASSIFIED

The central portion of the document is almost completely washed out and unreadable.


- page 11 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. You name will not be used in any conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
    28    5    1962
    Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day:
    (Circle One)    A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
    (Circle One)    a. Eastern
                    b. Central
                    c. Mountain
                    d. Pacific
                    e. Other

    (Circle One)    a. Daylight Saving
                    b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
    Burlington    Mass.    Salem
    Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    Hours    15    Minutes    Seconds

    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?    BY CHECKING WATCH 4 WRIST WATCH

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                NIGHT
    a. Bright            a. Bright
    b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    (Circle One)    a. In front of you    d. To your left
                    b. In back of you    e. Overhead
                    c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes AFSIN 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 12 -

The image appears to be a very faint and low-quality scanned document. Most of the text is illegible due to poor image quality and heavy graininess. The only partially readable text is on the left and right margins, which appears to say "UNCLASSIFIED" vertically along the edges of the document. The central portion of the document is almost completely washed out and unreadable.


- page 13 -

The image appears to be a very faint, low-contrast document page with minimal legible text. On the left and right margins, there are some vertical text elements, but they are too blurry to accurately transcribe. There is a small circular or oval-shaped marking near the top of the document, but its details are not clear. The majority of the page appears to be a blank or heavily degraded document surface.


- page 14 -

The image appears to be a very faint, low-contrast document page. Most of the text is illegible due to poor image quality. The only partially readable text is along the vertical margins of the document, which appears to include the words "UNCLASSIFIED" and something related to "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY" on the left side of the page. The central image area is mostly a gray, indistinct shape with no clear details discernible.


- page 15 -

The image appears to be a very faint and low-contrast document page. Most of the text is illegible due to the poor quality of the scan. I can partially make out some text on the left margin vertically, which seems to read "PHOTO TECHNOLOGY DIV" but I cannot confidently state the full text. The page contains a central document or photograph that is almost completely washed out and unreadable. There is a small symbol or marking in the top center of the page that looks like an oval or circular shape, but its details are not clear.


- page 16 -

The image appears to be a mostly blank document page with very little legible text. The only clearly visible text is:

On the left side vertically: "USAF TECHNOLOGY DIVISION"

There is a small circled "M" notation in the top right corner of the document.

The rest of the page appears to be a faded or poorly scanned document with no discernible text.


- page 17 -

The image appears to be a very faint, low-contrast document page. Most of the text is illegible due to poor image quality. There is a small circled number or symbol (looks like a "2") at the top of the document. The page appears to be part of a document from Project Blue Book, but the specific details cannot be discerned from this scan.


- page 18 -

The image appears to be a mostly blank document page with very faint text along the margins. However, the text is so illegible that I cannot confidently transcribe any specific words or characters.


- page 19 -

The image appears to be a mostly blank document page with some text along the margins. However, the text is very faint and mostly illegible. I can partially make out some text on the left margin that seems to include "TECHNOLOGY DIVISION" but cannot confidently reproduce the full text. The page has a slightly oval stamp or marking at the top center of the document. The rest of the page appears to be blank or too faded to read clearly.


- page 20 -

The image appears to be a very faint, low-contrast document page. Most of the text is illegible due to the poor quality of the scan. I can partially make out some text on the left and right margins, but cannot confidently read the full text. The document seems to have a slightly arched or peaked top edge.


- page 21 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the low contrast and poor image quality. There are some faint handwritten markings and text fragments on the left side of the page, but I cannot confidently read or transcribe them. The page appears to be a document with a large black vertical marking in the center and some light pencil or pen markings around it.


- page 22 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TDSM
Request for UFO Information

Hq USAF SAXOI-PB (Mrs Galasey)
Washington 25 D C

1. The following information is provided to assist you in a reply to a letter (member of NICAP) to his letter of 25 Jan 54, which resulted from previous correspondence in which we stated that information provided to him was with the understanding that no additional information will be given unless specifically directed by your office. In your reply to on 23 Jan 54 you informed him that the Air Force did not have any information, since he is not considered a member of the press or news media researcher. All previous correspondence to him has resulted in additional research and many man hours expended in support of his inquiry.

2. The photographs taken on 25 May 52 are obvious hoax's which any untrained observer could easily note. The four photographs were taken by a Polaroid Camera. The speed of the object indicated by the principle witness was 1,500 mph on the objects show no lateral blurring and are sharply outlined. Also, the witness stated that the photos were taken without giving the necessary 50 second delay in developing time. He stated that he pulled the slide in 5 seconds. The photographer indicated at least a 30 second exposure.

3. In view of the inconsistencies by the stated report and the photographs submitted the case has been evaluated as an obvious hoax.

4. The sighting of 1 Nov 52 from Woburn Massachusetts has been attributed to psychological causes. It will be noted that the observer had 10 minutes in which to summon additional witnesses.


- page 23 -

The text on this page is illegible. The image appears to be a scanned document with very low contrast, showing a rectangular shape with an oval stamp or marking at the top, but no readable text can be discerned.


- page 24 -

The image appears to be a very low contrast, grainy black and white photograph. The photograph seems to be of a large, pale object with a slightly tapered or angled top. However, the details are extremely difficult to discern due to the poor image quality. No legible text is visible in this image.


- page 25 -

The image appears to be a very low contrast, grayscale document page with minimal legible text. Most of the text is too faint or blurry to read clearly. The only partially visible text I can discern is on the left margin, which seems to read "ROUTING SYMBOL" but is not entirely clear. The document looks like an official form or report with a somewhat triangular or peaked top section, but the details are largely illegible due to poor image quality.


- page 26 -

PHOTO SERVICE REQUEST

TO: AFCIN-TD-04c                   DATE            30 Jan 64
                                    PROJECT NO.     086102
                                    TASK NO.        1

INITIATOR    Sgt. Moody            EXP. DATE COMPLETION    COMPLETED DATE    QUALITY CONTROL
ORG'N CODE   EXT.                   CLASSIFICATION         TAB:              D-25-0
            69216                   Uncl.

DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES (Include purpose of request, time and place of requirement, and other pertinent information.)

PHOTOGRAPHIC SPECIFICATIONS
Copy            By                  Projection Prints      By
Duplicate Negative                  Continuous Prints      By
Duplicate Positive                  Other                  Single Wt By
Develop                             Glass                  Double Wt
Contact Prints                      Matte

No. of Copies   4 ea.

MATERIAL FURNISHED:
            4 Photos 7202

REMARKS/ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:

Note: Return the originals as soon as negs. are made.

RECEIPT FOR PHOTOGRAPHIC WORK

I certify that I have received 4 originals, 4 negatives and 15 prints, all to be used in the service of the UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT ONLY.


- page 27 -

There are many inconsistencies in the report. For example:

a. The object was described as "brighter than a bright sunlight" yet almost details of the alleged object were given.

b. Use of such statements as "It vanished while watching it, faster than my eye could follow it. In the distance straight up".

c. The distance of 2000 ft. and the size reported is inconsistent with detail shown.

d. The witness indicated that clicking sound was heard and a small appendage moved in and out of the rear of the object. These statements are also inconsistent with the size and distance of the object from the observer.

5. The Woburn, Massachusetts of 1 Nov 62 and the Burlington, Massachusetts of 25 May 62 sightings were not included on the list implied to be final receipt because they were received subsequent to final review of the 1962 cases. They were evaluated upon receipt:

a. 1 Nov 62, Woburn, Mass- Other (Psychological Causes)

b. 25 May 62, Burlington, Mass- Insufficient Data - The photos were not received.

Evaluation of the Woburn case remains the same. The evaluation of the Burlington sighting has been changed to other - Hoax.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC D. Le JONCKEERS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Biosystems

4 Atchs
1. Itr
25 Jan 64
2. Photos (four)
3. Ltr, ATIC, 25 Jan 64
4. Ltr, SAFOI, 23 Jan 64


- page 28 -

January 25, 1964

Referring your recent letter concerning New England "flying saucer" sighting of 1962 I will like to make the following comments.

First of all, the Nov. 1, 1962 UFO close encounter sighting over Exeter, Mass. has included a long projection from the object and an above-normal background radiation above normal, which was checked by an Naval Science and myself was not even included in your list at all and this report was mailed to PROJECT BLUEBOOK many months ago (on official Air Force questionnaire) also.

The other sightings included photographs taken by a Polaroid camera (questionnaire) was also investigated by me on May 25, 1963, at Burlington, Mass.

Enclosed are the photographs that were taken during this sighting, showing in what way they were taken and viewed by the observers. I would like the Air Force to analyze them for me and return them within five days if I do not receive them by the end of February, 1964 I shall have to return them through official channels. Hope that you enjoy my other enclosed information. Thanks for your cooperation in these important matters.

Sincerely and Cordially yours,
[Signature area blacked out]
Easton, Pa.


- page 29 -

February 18, 1964

Dear [redacted]

This is in reference to your letters of January 25, 1964, and your note of February 9, 1964. The pictures you submitted are herewith as per your request.

The photographs are considered obvious hoaxes for the following reasons: The poor photographic quality. The lack of the object indicated by the original camera. The man was standing at 1000 men, yet the objects show no lateral blurring and the man was even without giving the necessary 60 second exposure time. In view of this, as well as we could, the photographs indicate the inconsistencies in the stated report and the photographs submitted, it seems that this is a hoax.

As previously stated, in our letter of January 23, 1964, the Air Force does not allow its sources to provide Blue Book to engage in lengthy discourse on specific UFO questions except to the media or scientific researchers. If you can submit proof of additional information to these questions, further consideration will be given to answering your detailed questions.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

1 Attachment
Photographs

[redacted], Pennsylvania


- page 30 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

a. Other: [Handwritten text appears but is partially illegible]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 31 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
OUT OF SIGHT

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:)   Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:)   Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell who

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   NOTHING UNUSUAL NOTHING THROUGH THE AIR
b. Color:   BRIGHT WHITE

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
ABOUT 1/2

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wing, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[The page includes two hand-drawn sketches of circular/oval objects with some annotations]


- page 32 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ____________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South
b. Northeast             d. Southeast            f. Southwest
                                                  g. West
                                                  h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses           Yes    No    e. Binoculars          Yes    No
b. Sun glasses          Yes    No    f. Telescope           Yes    No
c. Windshield           Yes    No    g. Theodolite          Yes    No
d. Window glass         Yes    No    h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common
object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten text is partially illegible in some sections]


- page 33 -

