PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
2 May 1962

2. LOCATION
Fairborn, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 11:30 pm
GMT 06/21302

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Seconds

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Brilliant blue-white streak with red tail. Report fm worker who might have thought it was a jet at first. Report phoned in to ODO:

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE

11. COMMENTS
Reported during numerous calls concerning meteor shower. This report not forwarded with other because of its difference. Considered meteor sighting because of characteristic of jet-like appearance and tail although it is also possible that object was actually a jet a/c.

2 MAY 1962 (handwritten at bottom of page)

There is also a partially obscured handwritten section at the bottom of the page, but the text is not fully legible.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Speed of a jet

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2 miles

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]

Sex: Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent. [blank]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [blank]

Page 3


- page 2 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

272-879
828-286
1112-Mello


- page 3 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
8 May 1962

2. LOCATION
Fairborn, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT 03/22-02

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual   ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual     ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. PHOTOS
☐ Yes   ☐ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 min

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Long streak 4-5'. About 3300' above ground. Observed in heading NW. Witness in car and observation made I'm moving auto. Color orange. Gave off sparks and looked like jet. Very bright believed to be 2-3 mi.

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
NW

11. COMMENTS
Part of meteor shower on this date. Possibly characteristic of bolide. Probable characteristics of meteor. Meteor shower in area and reports on TV and radio. Possible part of aquarid meteor, although this is typically a morning shower.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon

☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft

☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical

☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed.

Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement, conclusions, or publication without your permission.

We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2 May 1962
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of Day: 2040
           (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Driving west near Fairborn
Nearest Postal Address                   City or Town                State or Country

Additional remarks:

5. How long was object in sight?           Hours           Minutes           Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain

    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                       NIGHT
a. Bright                                 a. Bright
b. Cloudy                                 b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you           d. To your left
             b. In back of you             e. Overhead
             c. To your right              f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 15 Oct 54.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

Handwritten notes: "Sparks coming from it - looked like jet"

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
Handwritten response: "Very bright"

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

Handwritten notes: "Very bright" for brightness change

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
(In front of):

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
(In front of):

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No

e. Binoculars       Yes   No
f. Telescope        Yes   No
g. Theodolite       Yes   No
h. Other


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound: no
    b. Color: orange

17. Draw a picture that will show the shapes of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show its direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One):  a. Fuzzy or blurred
                   b. Like a bright star
                   c. Sharply outlined
                   d. Don't remember
    e. Other: [blank]

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 7 -

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at an end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Blank lines for response]

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? 55 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

Handwritten note near 31.1: about 300' above the ground

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.


- page 9 -

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Blank spaces for Day, Month, Year]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Blacked out]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Blank space]

Page 7 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 10 -

