The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card. There is no photograph present in this image. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 6 Jul 62
2. LOCATION: Paterson, New Jersey
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0300 hrs 
4. DESCRIPTION: Object - hovering, pulsating, zig-zag motion
5. PHOTOS: No
6. OBSERVER INFORMATION: AFSWC-Paterson, New Jersey
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 mins
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: None
10. SKIP SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Object approached slowly at an approximate attitude of 45 degrees and hovered and pulsating for about 2 minutes. It then accelerated suddenly and made a zig-zag motion and disappeared. Estimated size was about 10 to 15 feet in diameter.
11. COMMENTS: Could not be identified. No apparent power source or means of propulsion visible. Pilot report.

- page 1 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report, likely from Project Blue Book, about an unidentified flying object.

Text from the document:

Dear Sirs:

Unidentified Flying Object

In the following per F.A.A. 7-8-62 will find in-formation concerning U.F.O. July 9, 1962 between 10:45 and 11:15 P.M.

(1) Size - a little bigger than a commercial plane. 
(2) Lights - same as a commercial plane, but no blinking lights.
(3) Altitude - well above the commercial plane line.
(4) Maneuvers - tilting, rolling with lights coming
 on and off.
(5) Time - only one
 in the middle (no others seen).
(6) Sound - no sound was heard.
(7) Location - Shore end, around bottom, made sudden drop, then went west, then came back coming closer to the middle.
(8) Conclusion - There was nen when we got it.

The above information is taken from this report and believe it to be correct.

Sincerely yours,

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing text describing an observation.

This is the text from the document:

This is the story of how we saw it. My friend and I were turning the corner when one of the people said to me "was that ever the satellite, it's sure close." I said "no, that's no satellite, it's a UFO and it's over the hospital." We watched it for about 7 or 8 minutes. It seemed to be hovering or just bobbing up and down, and would suddenly take off or dart off to the right and left. We couldn't for the life of us figure out what it was. When it got about 1/4 way across the sky it seemed to blink out. We both saw it and are convinced that it was not a satellite or airplane or anything else we have ever seen. This is a rough drawing of what we saw that night.

Enclosed is a rough drawing of what we saw that night.

List of observers are:
15
14
16
15
17
18
19
15
18

There are 10 observers listed.

6 Coy. Joe James, checking on this, reported the following: He said that a man who was on 33rd street in that area said that he did see some strange object in the sky and it did do the things described above. He said that the man lives on or near 33rd street but he could not get his name or address from him for obvious reasons.

I would appreciate any information you could give me on this incident.

- page 3 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn sketch or diagram of what looks like a UFO or unidentified aerial object. The sketch shows an asymmetrical, oblong shape with various lines and markings, but no further details or context are provided.

Output: 

1962-07-8679400-Paterson-NewJersey.pdf4.txt

- page 4 -

