PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
20 October 1962

2. LOCATION
Pacific Grove, California

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT 21/0730Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air Visual
☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
not reported

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
one

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
Westerly

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Ball of light, dark greenish about 7 inches in diameter, observed through window in horizontal flight. First thought object was shooting star.

11. COMMENTS
General description indicating meteor sighting. Duration not reported but object compared to shooting star.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☒ Was Astronomical Meteor
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 53)


- page 1 -

Flying Saucer Dept. of Phenomena,
Washington, D.C.

Date: 10 Oct. 1962

This: Obj. on Saturday 20 Oct. 1962 after 11:37 p.m.
at Pacific Grove, Calif.

Many days over long in this report of a ground (some fires)! (delay later reports at Blue Station)

Time & Place: In my bedroom to be really pitched by me completely about 4 miles distant with my big 6" telescope. I was on window ledge from window looking light (some way).

- On Oct. 20, 1962, Saturday, 11:39 p.m., some years left by a halo of light dark cream-with apple green/blue/rose in primary (?) left eye; this light no window straight.

Saw a light reflecting on an arear past light this white or else white was a small area with three, looking I noticed this particular seeing to: light radiating from a point long slow trail half dimly only the small half bright red object surface in which the flowers below!


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

The plane was the size in full glow - city of
of earth in - area; called face it through
the gates would - light deep breath to
tell them, no could tell something;
called their pilotage range could have
been traffic about white;

The thing proceeding to the inter area
from something and (seemed to
be in forward left the fully ahead)
so if I have written per mile scale
it through all we under;

- gave off no solid white over;
- first thought: spotting star; with
something that does not mention
long probably;

- though I have no ground for (the)
judgment, none whatever. I thought
that what I'd might thought it might
with part my window. But would
not say to my wife, what could
I tell that if I would they know;
- I went to my sister like this: "light
to west like an accident" - something
that I it really not - (return back
to my diagram) I said not;

My meaning of the second to the point
that I might have seen something slightly
above do light - I don't know;

He most I try is visualize again I will plainly
tell why. My perhaps will confirm with
the way first explanation of its seeing it.

Sincerely,

[Location partially obscured, but appears to be Pacific Grove, Calif.]


- page 3 -

