There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a Project 10073 Record Card containing various details about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 6-8-62
2. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0430
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1010
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Aerial
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 4 min
7. SHIP SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Bright white light moving at high speed, suddenly came to a stop, became stationary, then accelerated out of sight to the east.
10. COMMENTS: Light appeared to approach from the west, moved in a straight line, stopped momentarily, then accelerated rapidly to the east and disappeared.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically Project Blue Book.

HEADQUARTERS 
20TH AIR DIVISION (SAGE) 
HAMILTON AIR FORCE BASE, CALIFORNIA

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 29 CGT

SUBJECT: Civilian UFO Sighting 

TO: AFSC (Wright-Patterson AFB Ohio)

Attached for your information is a letter pertaining to a UFO sighting in Northern California.

C.S. CHRISTENBERRY
Lt Col, USAF
Director of Information

Copy to:
HQ USAF (AFODC-2), Intell

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document with handwritten text that has been redacted or obscured.

Text from the document:

23 JULY 1962

Your recent letter relating to objects of a strange and unusual nature which were observed near Lake Britton. California, during June 1962 has been received.

I.C.S. CUMBERVILLE
U.S. CIVIL DEFENSE
Director of Information

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text about a UFO sighting.

G 2 SECHON
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
July 3rd, 1962

Dear Sirs:

On a recent trip in Modoc County, we were camped near Lake Britton on June 13th, when we saw what happened. We would like to know if this is some "natural" thing that has been recorded before, or if it is something "secret" that the military is involved in.

Shortly before 9:00, we noticed a "shooting star" that streaked across the sky for about a second... then another, and another. This happened quite a few times, and about that time, a few "objects" had come from same place in sky, and vanished at same "level."

A few minutes later another went over...and about that time, ALL had come from same place in sky....and vanished at same "level, at a trip "half way" across. I got the closest apparent to me near the ground, and caused no disturbance in area, coming about every ten minutes for several trips, to miss one interval. The next was in proper time, then, in a slow, continuous motion, hover for about two minutes, and then zip back to ten minute intervals again. These objects had no "light"....Then about ten minutes to twelve, an object came, hovered about thr "stars"...this object was slow, did it seemed to never, or stop in place, then seemed to fade as it moved in distance.

ALL THAT CAME FROM SAME PLACE IN SKY....AND VANISHED AT SAME "LEVEL"

Output text:

G 2 SECHON
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
July 3rd, 1962

Dear Sirs:

On a recent trip in Modoc County, we were camped near Lake Britton on June 13th, when we saw what happened. We would like to know if this is some "natural" thing that has been recorded before, or if it is something "secret" that the military is involved in.

Shortly before 9:00, we noticed a "shooting star" that streaked across the sky for about a second... then another, and another. This happened quite a few times, and about that time, a few "objects" had come from same place in sky, and vanished at same "level."

A few minutes later another went over...and about that time, ALL had come from same place in sky....and vanished at same "level, at a trip "half way" across. I got the closest apparent to me near the ground, and caused no disturbance in area, coming about every ten minutes for several trips, to miss one interval. The next was in proper time, then, in a slow, continuous motion, hover for about two minutes, and then zip back to ten minute intervals again. These objects had no "light"....Then about ten minutes to twelve, an object came, hovered about thr "stars"...this object was slow, did it seemed to never, or stop in place, then seemed to fade as it moved in distance.

ALL THAT CAME FROM SAME PLACE IN SKY....AND VANISHED AT SAME "LEVEL"

- page 4 -

Unfortunately, there does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document from Project Blue Book. The image shows only handwritten text on a page.

We made the remark that a "bat missed", this time. Next the "bat" did not move "over toward the eastern 'side' or north"....a sharp pass "on a collision course" it seemed. The "bat" did little where it was seen floating in place for a good moment....then all variable shapes swayed about until 1:30...this was twelve o'clock, with more stars "their" or more? than I could see.
My only guess is, that the "bat" was a "prime" that we now know as (accent to vanish as they got between) as and the sun  would have an estimate how high this would have?  Two years ago a young friend was staying with us here and at that time - we all saw what we still "call" and it seemed to come from north...we went to see Pacific and suddenly yelled out that, "MORE shot the others!" This but did see the great increase in light. It is at night.
Another thing we, or I , at least, have noticed. An odd rather a vibration that one seems to FEEL when what we the invisible who seeming was feeling over.  I have good reasons, this surely is no common thing (has a most beautiful sight) a "satellite" supposed to "hunt"?? Last time I saw this the 10th of June.  I thought I heard the "tone" again. May we have information?

- page 5 -

