There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a filled-out observation record card.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 17 Jan 1962
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 17/2325Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: None
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3-5 mins
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: The object was described as "like a light, changing brightness, 1/2th the size of a star". It was observed by one witness at Lynn, Mass. It was described as brillant and swaying from the northwest to overhead and northward slowly. The cause of this sighting is not available. Therefore, it is classed as insufficient information, but probably a balloon.
11. COMMENTS: This object was observed by only one witness and the description indicates that it was a familiar and normal object, such as a star, planet or balloon. It would have been rather dim and swaying in a typical balloon manner. The length of the sighting and the location do not contain sufficient information to establish the nature of this sighting conclusively.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car 
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside? 
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest i. Overhead 

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to determine the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: 
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It consists of hand-drawn sketches that provide instructions for placing markers on a curved line to indicate the height and position of an observed object in the sky.

Transcription of the text in the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions about the weather conditions, timing, and details of an observed object. The text on the form has been filled out by hand.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Handwritten response]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Handwritten response]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Handwritten response]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten response]

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a questionnaire or report related to a UFO sighting.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: LAST Name, First Name, Middle Name
ADDRESS: Street, City, Zone, State
TELEPHONE NUMBER:
Age: 19 Sex: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 7 17 62

- page 5 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document page with some handwritten or stamped text. The visible text on the image says "JAN 8 1962" and "SE RE".

EPTR
JAN 8 1962
SE RE

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

Dear Sir,

The form for unidentified flying objects that you requested in your letter of November 28, 1961 is now enclosed for your further consideration and appreciation. Therefore, we are returning your letter to the twenty-fifth air force department of the air force department of operations.

We trust that you will receive the requested information within a reasonable period of time.

Very sincerely yours,

Deputy Chief, Directorate of Scientific and Technical Liaison, 
Office of Technical Information
and Education

Lynn, Massachusetts

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or letter.

Dear Sir:
Please send me 6 forms for confidential reporting of flying-objects.
Very sincerely yours,
Who directed it friends advisaries
N.A.S.S.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a government memorandum from the US Department of the Air Force to the Department of Defense, regarding correspondence about UFOs from the Educational Services Branch of NASA. The text in the memorandum is as follows:

UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
Memorandum
TO : Department of the Air Force 
     Department of Defense
FROM : Educational Services Branch
     NASA
SUBJECT: Correspondence about U. F. O.

Only a copy of this referral; copy of letter to him is attached.

Everett E. Collin
Assistant Chief, Educational Services Branch
Office of Technical Information 
and Education

DATE: December 13, 1961

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 1 - 7 - 62 Day Month Year
2. Time of day: 6:30 Hour 30 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? LYNN, MASS. City or Town State or Country
5. How long was object in sight? 1 Hours 2 Minutes 0 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD FORM 7JUL 64 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, FEB 60, which is obsolete.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image appears to be a questionnaire or form filled out by an observer regarding their sighting of an unidentified object.

As an OCR system, the text from the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light  b. Shiny  c. Dark  d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Yes No Don't Know)
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? (Yes No Don't Know)
c. Break up into parts or exploded? (Yes No Don't Know)
d. Change brightness? (Yes No Don't Know)
e. Change shape? (Yes No Don't Know)
f. Flash or flicker? (Yes No Don't Know)
g. Disappear and reappear? (Yes No Don't Know)

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid  b. Transparent  c. Vapor  d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (Yes No)
b. Sun glasses (Yes No)
c. Windshield (Yes No)
d. Window glass (Yes No)
e. Binoculars (Yes No)
f. Telescope (Yes No)
g. Theodolite (Yes No)
h. Other (Yes No)

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with questions about the observations of an unidentified object.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: 25
b. Color: Bright white

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[There is a blank space for the hand-drawn sketch, but no actual sketch is present.]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred  b. Like a bright star  c. Sharply outlined  d. Don't remember 

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[There is a blank space for the hand-drawn sketch, but no actual sketch is present.]

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a series of questions related to an observed object.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 13 -

