PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
30 Jan 62

2. LOCATION
St. Paul, Minnesota

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1640
GMT 30/22L02

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
[X] No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
approx 1/2 sec

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
descending

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
The witnesses observed an object in the NW sky descending at a very high speed at an angle of approx 45°, glowing a dull red and leaving a trail. Explored and disappeared. Duration was approx 1/2 sec. This event was witnessed and reported by many individuals having either airborne or ground vantage points.

11. COMMENTS
This object possesses no evidence of the classic bolide characteristics. No evidence available that this object was anything of a threat to our national security.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Walking across a large vacant lot (coming down an S.R.H. Green Stamp Store) when my wife told me to "look at the shooting star"

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East          e. South        g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest    h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East          e. South        g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest    h. Northwest     i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East          e. South        g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest    h. Northwest     i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North    350°    degrees.
b. From horizon       45°     degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North    350°    degrees.
b. From horizon       45°     degrees.


- page 2 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

[Handwritten note on first sketch: The event occurred in a very small section of the sky, it subtended less than 10-4 steradians]

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

[Page 6 is noted at the top right of the document]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Tuesday     January 30     1962     St. Paul Pioneer Press
                                    and Dispatch

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted text]
St. Paul 5, Minnesota     (My wife)

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No     Unless it was a meteor

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
My belief is that it was either a bolide or a large meteor which created a shock wave upon entry into the atmosphere and which shock wave reflected the light of the setting sun, making the object appear to explode.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
I can't recall the object was at or opposite the top of the atmosphere, about 45°

IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was? about 45°

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
[Personal details are redacted/blacked out]
City: St. Paul   State: Minnesota
Age: 23   Sex: M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent:
I am working for a Master's degree in Physics & Specifically in Cosmic Rays at the University of Minnesota, and have had opportunities to launch and observe Cosmic Ray high altitude balloons.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Sunday   February 11   1962

[Final paragraph contains handwritten text describing details of an observation, mentioning the object was only 300 feet above the ground, and discussing the event's duration and movement]


- page 5 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Blacked out]
SIGNATURE: [Handwritten signature]
DATE: February 11, 1962

[Handwritten text, partially legible]:
"I first mailed the description following & write center USAF Washington 35, DC and received the very cordial letter from Major that if would letter I am writing you. The enclosed copy, which explains how I mailed your name. Please find stapled to the page following the carbon copy of Major Harter letter and my letter of January 31, concerning the incident.

Sincerely yours,"
[Signature portion blacked out]

Page 1 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Sunday, February 4, 1962

Dear Sir,

After reading these newspaper accounts and hearing of the "observation" now brownbat occurring the U.S. over the 8th Inst. Minneapolis area on January 30, I am sending you the report I write at the suggestion of my advisor, Dr. T. A. Settle, cosmic ray physics, University of Minnesota, on the morning after the incident.

I would like to make two corrections and additions to this report as I recall:

1) "Supe" appears me to have said to look at the "flying saucer" - not the meteors.

2) The super truck may not have been expected - but I had the white appearance of the control from a high altitude yet.

3) The enclosed report was heard from the account by my wife to me.


- page 7 -

The angles send during spectroscopic are approximations but as a candidate for the scatter degree in atomic phy-sics at the University of Minnesota I have had opportunities to participate in further searching and feel I have a feeling for these quantities.

Sincerely

St. Paul 8, Minnesota


- page 8 -

At 1:10 pm CST on Jan 30, 1962, near Lexington, in a field, while near the center of the field, I was a short distance away. I saw a shiny object moving with velocity with T. The object appeared to slip into place, almost like a list into place, before the object was seen. I could not make out the shape of the object. They were visible specks from the event. I was surprised to see the object and was not prepared to see it. With the many people around, no one else saw the object.

Note: Some words are partially illegible or obscured, so the transcription is based on the best possible interpretation of the visible text.

At the bottom right of the document, there is a tally mark or hash mark symbol drawn with five vertical lines.


- page 9 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

February 8, 1962

Dear Mr.

Thank you for your very informative letter. I called Wright-Patterson AFB and found they have not as yet received any official reports on your particular sighting. So I am returning your report along with our standard form, with the request that you and your wife fill it out and send it to

Hqs Foreign Technology Division (TD-8)
Air Force Systems Command
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
ATTN: Major Robert Friend

There are presently two possibilities in my mind, a jet after burner or a bolide...but until we get as full as possible a report, they can only be conjecture.

I am also including an extra form in case you can contact someone else who also saw the same thing you saw.

Thank you very much. When we get an answer, I'll be happy to let you know the results.

Sincerely,
C. R. HART
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

3 Incls.
1. Report to Mr.
2. Forms (2 sets)
3. Fact Sheet

Mr.
St. Paul 8, Minnesota


- page 10 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Tuesday     January 30, 1962
Day         Month        Year

2. Time of day: 4     46 (CST)
Hour        Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
                           b. Central
                           c. Mountain
                           d. Pacific
                           e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
              b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted]                St. Paul             Minnesota
Nearest Address           City or Town         State or Country

Additional remarks:

5. How long was object in sight:             42
                                  Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?: by guessing

    a. Certain                        c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain                 d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                   NIGHT
a. Bright                             a. Bright
b. Cloudy                             b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you      d. To your left
              b. In back of you       e. Overhead
              c. To your right        f. Don't remember

[Additional handwritten notes at bottom of form]

FTD FORM
JUL 61 164    This form supersedes ATIC 164, Feb 60, which is obsolete.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:                                       (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?                     Yes   No   Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?           Yes   No   Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or exploded?                       Yes   No   Don't Know
d. Give off smoke?                                        Yes   No   Don't Know
e. Change brightness?                                     Yes   No   Don't Know
f. Change shape?                                          Yes   No   Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker?                                      Yes   No   Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear?                                Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: ____________________

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of: ____________________

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):   a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No

e. Binoculars       Yes   No
f. Telescope        Yes   No
g. Theodolite       Yes   No
h. Other: ____________________


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound None Witnessed
b. Color Changed from a dull red streak (as a meteor might appear during the day) to a bright flash.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Sketch includes notes]
dull red line
bright flash

Smoke or vapor trail left after the object disappeared, short, barely defined (subtending only about a 1° arc in the sky) and remaining relatively undiffused during five minutes of observation (like a high flying jet)

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
               b. Like a bright star
               c. Sharply outlined
               d. Don't remember

Other: The object itself was yes, not away to be distinguishable - the bright slash was sharply outlined.

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

[The rest of the page is blank]


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[Handwritten note near this section: Where I first observed it Bright Slush]

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
The smoke image total was about 3 sizes diameters

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The bright glush would have been just about completely covered by the match head.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Appeared to burst

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A bolide (I have never seen one - but the description sounds similar) or a large meteorite whose shock wave could possibly have reflected the rays of the setting sun.


- page 14 -

