PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
25 Apr 62

2. LOCATION
Baker Lake, Canada

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 23/0500Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
2 No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Short

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
West

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Obj moving fm East to West apparently meteor like. Luminosity as a bright light on an a/c only larger. Elongated & orange to green color. Observers facing South. Sky clear. Rpt relayed fm Eskimo base at location 6.188 96.04w

11. COMMENTS
Obj evaluated as a meteor due to short duration & observable characteristics.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical Meteor
Possibly Astronomical
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

ATIC FORM 164 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TD-8/1t Col Friend

Evaluation of Unidentified Flying Object (Northern
Canada, 25 April 1962)

HQ USAF
ACIN-1b (Col Levering)
Wash 25 DC

1. Reference your letter, subject "Evaluation of Unidentified Flying
Object", dated 25 May 1962 and the attachments herewith. The
evaluation of an unidentified flying object which was sighted in Northern
Canada on 25 April 1962.

2. Review of the decay record of artificial satellites and related
objects reveals that the sighting was not due to a nearby satellite.

3. It is the PIO opinion that the sighting was due to the observation
of a meteor or the fireball class. Fireballs are rare, occurring in
the early or approximate 1 to every 258 meteor in the visual range
which are encountered by the earth. Usually an individual will experience
this spectacular event only once in a lifetime.

4. Fireballs are defined as any meteor as bright or brighter than
-3 magnitude, this is bright enough to cast shadows on a dark night.
There are actually cases on record where meteors of this type have been
bright enough to activate photocells used to automatically operate
street lights. In the usual description of these meteors one finds
such terms as blue, green, red and yellow mentioned. The color is usually a
good indication of the relative speed of a meteor, those of higher
speeds tending toward the blue and those of lower speeds tending toward
the red. Meteor speeds, relative to the earth, range from approximately
7 to 44 miles per second. The major cause for this speed range is the
earth's orbital velocity of 18.5 miles per second. Depending upon the
relationship of the earth's and meteor's vectors when they meet, the
absolute velocity of the meteor is either reduced or increased by an
amount equal to the earth's velocity or some fraction thereof.

5. A fireball moving toward the west at 2300 hours would be generally
passing the earth and would therefore have a relatively high velocity.
Then a meteor would display colors tending toward the blue-green, be
very bright and the event would be of very short duration. These factors
are consistent with those contained in the report of the UFO sighting
which took place in Northern Canada at 2300 hours on 13 April 1962.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signatures]

EDWARD H. FINN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Comments


- page 2 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFCIN-1B

SUBJECT: Evaluation of Unidentified Flying Object

TO: AFSC FTD Wright-Patterson AFB Ohio

1. Attached is a letter from Air Commodore R. A. Cameron, Canadian Joint Staff to Maj Gen Brotweiser, AC&/F, USAF, concerning the sighting of an unidentified flying object sighted in Northern Canada on 25 April 1962.

2. Request your evaluation of this report as a basis for reply by General Brotweiser to Air Commodore Cameron.

FOR THE CHIEF OF STAFF

[Signature] JOHN R. LEVERING
Colonel, USAF
Director of Collection
AC3/Intelligence

1 Atch
Ltr, Canadian Joint
Staff, dtd 16 May 62,
repro cy

MAY 25 1962


- page 3 -

18 May 1962

Dear Bob:

As a result of our conversation earlier this year concerning the decay of satellites, the following account of a fire-ball sighting in Northern Canada last month is provided for your information.

Eskimos and [redacted] at Baker Lake reported sighting a meteor-like object at approximately 11 p.m., 25th of April. The duration of the sighting was very short. The observers were facing south and the object was streaking across the sky from an east to west direction. The sky condition at the time of the sighting was clear. The luminosity of the object resembled a very bright aircraft light but it appeared slightly larger. It had an elongated shape and the colour ranged from bright orange to green. The trajectory appeared at approximately 45 degrees elevation above the horizon. The coordinates of Baker Lake, N.W.T., are 64°18'N, 96°04'W.

This information may be of interest in the event that your records show that any satellite is known to have entered the atmosphere on the date mentioned.

Yours sincerely,

(R. A. Cameron)
Air Command

Major General Robert A. Freitelsberger,
Assistant Chief of Staff Intelligence,
Headquarters, United States Air Force,
Room 4A332 - The Pentagon,
Washington 25, D.C.


- page 4 -

