The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a project record card from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969.

TEXT OUTPUT:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
2. November 1962
3. LOCATION
Metairie, Louisiana
4. TYPE OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
5. DATE-TIME GROUP
6. 01/23/52
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 minutes 
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Shiny white object turning to pinkish and then disappearing to disappearance. Thought to be start of sky writing.
9. COURSE
Easterly
10. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one
11. COMMENTS
Contrast with a/c. Color due to sun's reflection.
12. CONCLUSIONS
X Probably Balloon
X Probably Aircraft
X Possibly Astronomical
Other:
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing a questionnaire filled out regarding a UFO sighting.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other: In the business section of a city

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In an open field?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other: 

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Rolling home along Nelson's Road. Saw it near school field.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? __ miles per hour

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: 20 degrees
a. From true North _____ degrees.
b. From horizon _____ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _____ degrees. 
b. From horizon 40 degrees.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather contains sketches and illustrations. The first sketch shows a curved trajectory of an object, with the text explaining how to interpret the image. The second sketch shows a road or street leading up to a mountainous horizon, with a smaller illustration depicting a similar landscape with a figure in the foreground.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "C" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document from Project Blue Book, likely related to a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)         WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Clear sky                 a. Dry
b. Hazy                      b. Cloudy, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds           c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds      d. Snow
                              e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Aug / 31 / 58 / Mr. Fisher / Commanding Officer

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)   (Yes)   No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)   (Yes)   No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I don't have any answers about what I saw except it was a rounded top with a broad base light yellowish in color and very fast. It could have been some kind of experimental aircraft but I'm not sure. It seems to be some kind of strange but it clearly wasn't in this world.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with a handwritten description.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)
In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write our a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or whatever they you believe are important. The present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.
NAME: [REDACTED]
SIGNATURE: [REDACTED] 
DATE: 11/7/62
The object appeared to be a small metallic object similar to a bright star. It was not moving. Suddenly it emitted a high swirling, a red light appeared at the front and it started to move in a north easterly direction, climbing very rapidly. Disappeared from sight in a matter of seconds.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?  

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?  2000 ft.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:   Last Name   First Name   Middle Name
ADDRESS: Street   Metairie   Zone   State
TELEPHONE NUMBER:   
Age: 44   Sex: Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent. This form is filled out completely in my own way, and could be better explained in any light, etc.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 7  Month  62  Year

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document containing handwritten text.

Dear Mr. President:
I don't know if I am doing the right thing in writing this letter, but I feel I must do something about what was seen.
As my brother and I were driving home yesterday evening, about 8:45 p.m., on the Veterans Highway, we noticed a small brilliant light in the sky which appeared to be approaching us. As it came nearer, it seemed to be maneuvering or stopping, and as it came still closer, it split into two parts. One part seemed to circle or dart around the other, and then the two parts came together again. At this time, it was quite bright and appeared to be about the size of a small plate. As it came closer, we became convinced that it was not an airplane or any other conventional aircraft, as there was no sound and the motions were not like any airplane. 
As we approached David Price, we noticed that the light or lights had then changed to a silvery or metallic color, and were flashing on and off. We stopped the car, got out, and watched the object continue its strange maneuvers for about 15 minutes. At times it appeared to change shape, becoming elongated at one point. When it moved away, it seemed to blend into the background.
A couple of other cars stopped and looked at it too, but I don't know who they were or what they thought. After it disappeared, I discussed the incident with several people, but I am not sure they believed me. As I mentioned before, I am not sure that I am doing the right thing in writing this letter, but I felt I should at least report what we saw.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a document containing handwritten text.

Here is the text from the document, as produced by an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system:

We called several places, but we never got a definite report of the object. The best we could get was that it was seen by some people and there were some reports coming in, but there was nothing definite and no positive identification.

We had a report from a sergeant at the airport. According to his report, it was very bright, both red and blue in color, and was hovering above the airport for about two or three thousand feet. When it was still but it climbed rapidly once it started moving.

Now I've reported the thing to you and it is up to Washington to make any further investigation or not my
very

Yours truly,
Mrs. A. Delaire

As it looked
when flying

- page 8 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document that includes a letter addressed to "Mrs. Benn" regarding a request for more detailed information on an unidentified flying object (UFO) report submitted on 9 November 1962.

Text from the document:

SAFOIT-33/MJ/Hart/wlc/75630
November 20, 1962

Dear Mrs. Bern:

The Office of the President has asked the Air Force to reply to your letter of 9 November.

Interest as demonstrated by your report is appreciated. In order to obtain more detailed information, would you please complete the enclosed forms as fully as possible.

An addressed, prepaid envelope is enclosed for your use upon completion of the forms.

Sincerely,

C. B. CARLSON
Colonel, USAF
Deputy Chief
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mrs. N. Benn
Metairie, Louisiana

LtCol/Frkend (cy or incm el tr)

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information sheet, which seems to be a questionnaire for reporting observations of unidentified aerial phenomena.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes - and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.
We request this personal information, as it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? November 9, 1962
2. Time of day: 4:15 a.m.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Central
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Residence in Metairie, Louisiana
5. How long was the object in sight? 70 minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Certain
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: Bright, NIGHT: Bright
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): To your left front

The output from the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes - and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. 
We request this personal information, as it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? November 9, 1962
2. Time of day: 4:15 A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Central 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Residence in Metairie, Louisiana
5. How long was the object in sight? 70 minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Certain
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: Bright, NIGHT: Bright
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): To your left front

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Department of the Air Force memorandum dated 20 Nov 62 addressed to "FOR COL FRIEND" regarding the completion of a 1gH attachment.

The text in the memorandum is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY
MEMORANDUM

20 NOV 62

FOR COL FRIEND

We have asked for a 1gH to be completed on the attached.

(SGND) C. P. HART
Colonel, USAF
Directional Branch
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Lt Col Robert Friend
Foreign Technology Div, (TD-E)
AFSC
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this document. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains a questionnaire or survey form with various questions and checkboxes.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One):
a. As a light
b. Shiny
c. Dark
d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Move slowly?
c. Move rapidly?
d. Break up into parts or exploded?
e. Give off smoke?
f. Change brightness?
g. Change shape?
h. Flicker or pulsate?
i. Disappear suddenly?

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses  Yes  No
b. Sun glasses  Yes  No
c. Windshield  Yes  No
d. Window glass  Yes  No
e. Binoculars  Yes  No
f. Telescope  Yes  No
g. Theodolite  Yes  No
h. Other: Write illegible

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the old UFO report document. The page appears to be a form or questionnaire with questions and blank spaces for the witness to fill out.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound 72" around could be heard
b. Color shiny white at first, then turning to a dull reddish-orange

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show the direction the object was moving.

The witness has provided a written description of the object, describing the sound and color changes, but there is no actual drawing or illustration included on this page.

18. The edges of the object were:
a. Circle (No) b. Fuzzy or blurred c. Like a bright star d. Sharply outlined

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
The witness did not indicate there were multiple objects, so this question was left blank.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcribed text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Continued conetanging flight, object appeared to be traveling at constant velocity.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note the comparative size of the object. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the match would have been covered by the object?

1/2

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

No, continued conetanging flight until lost from sight.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you observed.

The trail left by the object as it passed overhead appeared to be similar to the contrail left by a jet aircraft flying at a high altitude. I would estimate the object was traveling at an altitude of approximately 20,000 feet or more based on the appearance of the trail. The size of the object itself appeared to be similar to a commercial airliner when viewed from the ground, perhaps 50-75 feet in length. The overall shape was approximately cylindrical with no distinguishable features that I could make out at the distance it was traveling.

- page 14 -

