The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 1-3-62
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0248
5. PHOTO: D YES D NO
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 m.
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Object sighted in the sky, moving slowly in a straight line, silent. Disappeared after about 2 minutes.
11. COMMENTS: Object observed by 2 observers, approx. 30 ft. in diameter, illuminated, hovering, then moved off slowly. Possibly balloon or aircraft. Insufficient data for evaluation.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with handwritten text describing an observed unusual celestial light. The text discusses the witness's account of sighting an unusual light in the sky, including details about its behavior and appearance.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)
In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may report information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

Can one return to our cabin we noticed this unusual sightable light rather low on the sky. The sky was already getting dark around 8 PM. We watched it for a few minutes. It seemed to be moving rather erratical, moving in several directions. At times it appeared to stand still. We wonder whether it was some kind of a new aircraft or space vehicle. It was quite large in size and could be seen fairly well even though it was dusk. We lost sight of it after a while and it had moved far to the right. We could see it again and it had moved far to the right. It was a gain and it had moved fast to the night. I am sure that it might be the new military test.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter from the Dearborn Observatory at Northwestern University dated July 21, 1962.

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY 
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS

July 21, 1962

Dear BSO-
This was just received today. Someone seems quite eager over this observation, and they've inquired about having a reply in a hurry. At the moment I don't feel too eager, but I think I had better get this off. It's a bit of a bother, but I'll do my best to be helpful.
(1) No photograph - this sighting seems visual only.
(2) Observer reports:
July 8, 1962, Blind River, Canada, 11:27 pm. Object first seen hovering over lake, then moved rapidly away. Described as round, glowing object, no sound, 2-3 minutes duration.
(3) Observer wants to know if this sighting compares with any known or reported observations. Also asks whether it might represent any known type of aircraft.
I hope this summary is of some use. Let me know if you need any other information.
Sincerely,
[Signature]

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten page from a document.

Here is the text output from the document:

The object or lights were seen northwest of Blind River Canada. The object appeared to be small and round from a distance. It was seen for approximately 10 to 15 minutes. The object would disappear and reappear several times during the sighting. No other details are included in the report.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text.

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document or report.

The text in the document is as follows:

It was about 2:30 P.M. at the time and there was a very bright flash of light in the sky. I was in the yard of my home at the time. The flash was extremely bright and intense, and it seemed to fill the whole sky. I noticed that the birds in the trees became very agitated and started flying around in a circle. After the bright flash of light, I noticed a small white object moving across the sky at a very high rate of speed. It appeared to be circular in shape and was traveling in a straight line. The object was only visible for 3 or 4 seconds before it disappeared from sight. I have never seen anything like it before.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter dated July 30, 1962 from William J. Loockadoo, Lt. Colonel, USAF, Office of Information, responding to a letter from Mr. R.D. regarding "Echo satellites". The letter discusses the reflection of the sun as the only reason why echo satellites can be seen. There is no further content or text beyond this letter.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book report.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

Maj. C. S. Grce 
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sirt

This refers to the visual of saw your echo satellite july 15, 1962.

ECHO SATELLITE JULY 15 1962 
11:16 PM

PATA ECHO SATELLITE
11:16 PM

The visual observation was made to determine the movement and to further identify the object in sky. The object was traveling east to west and climbing slightly. It was moving at a high rate of speed and appeared to be larger than a star. When the object was near the horizon it faded from view. Does the sighting you received an have any material that would assist in identifying the visual sighting? I would appreciate any information you might be able to give me on this incident.

Sincerely yours,
J. D. Jones

- page 8 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document, possibly part of a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document says:

"It's certainly a strange incident, it was quite unusual no magic change. Various seeming to come in formation, to Taine's. Some small nods and shivering as if anything happens to you as we met on your probable way to end with your dealing. Is it best made as you are wondering down here a little bit about the origin. I get get out to town to barge as just before it west between the trees stars in the upper world. I should say more adopt avoiding what we to catch is even hard toward it must but it was more clearly brought. The upper sings in visible but for does toward end the clouds descending it completely for a short time then it was kind to follow."

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that people have observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.
We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 18 7 62
2. Time of day: Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.  
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Near the village of Blind River, Ontario, Canada
5. How long was object in sight? 3 to 4 minutes
a. How was time in sight determined? Carefully estimated by observer
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear b. Bright c. Hazy NIGHT: a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD FORM JUL 6 1 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, Feb 69, which is obsolete.

- page 10 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document with a form that appears to be filled out, containing text and check boxes.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few
8.2 MOON (Circle One): c. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. As a light, b. Shiny, c. Dark, d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (yes)

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? No, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes, c. Break into parts or explode? Yes, d. Give off smoke? Yes, e. Change brightness? Yes, f. Change shape? Yes, g. Flash or flicker? Yes, h. Disappear and reappear? Yes

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes, IF you answered YES, then tell what: it moved behind;

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes, IF you answered YES, then tell what: In front of

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One) a. Eyeglasses Yes, b. Sun glasses Yes, c. Windshield Yes, d. Window glass Yes, e. Binoculars Yes, f. Telescope Yes, g. Theodolite Yes, h. Other

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram or sketch of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The diagram shows a series of circular shapes with lines or trails behind them, indicating that the object was moving. Based on the instructions in the question, I will now proceed to transcribe the text found in the document.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound Whistling, humming
b. Color Characteristic or metallic appearance, bluish-white, slight reddishorange at times

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star 
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text on the page consists of questions and responses, with the respondent providing detailed descriptions of their observations.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
[The response indicates that the motion was "more careful, here".]

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
[The response indicates that the object appeared "very large, at the height of its closest approach".]

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[The response indicates "Covered it."]

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[The response is "Zit."]

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[The response provides a detailed description of the object's appearance, noting that it appeared to be "very strange light in the best explanation" and that "that is all times it appeared to become larger and smaller, as if getting close and then far away, moving in and rotating, and there were what looked like windows at random bits of its surface becoming dark and light again".]

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the old UFO report document. This page appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting, with questions and checkboxes for the witness to provide details about the location, direction, and movement of the observed object.

TEXT OUTPUT:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)  
e. At sea
f. Other -__unknown___

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was coming in to our cabin _from as I was just going to the small village and noticed this object in the sky.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest  i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One) 
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest  i. Overhead  

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru west) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon/elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: From true North - 55 degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: From true North - 15 degrees.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. Instead, it contains two sketches.

The first sketch shows a curved line with an "X" on it, and instructions to imagine that an object was sighted above the horizon (skyline) and to indicate how high the object was above the horizon.

The second sketch shows a larger view with two additional drawings. One drawing depicts a person standing on a road with buildings in the background. The other drawing shows a silhouette of a person standing on a road with a mountainous landscape in the background.

Transcribing the text from the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which contains a questionnaire filled out by an observer who reported seeing an unidentified object.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: ____ Month: ____ Year: _2-24-62__

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[redacted]

37. Was this the first time they you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[no response]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Satellite

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains a questionnaire with questions about an observed object and personal information about the person filling out the form.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [First Name] [Last Name] [Middle Name]
ADDRESS: [Street] DRIVE [City] WHEELING [State] OHIO [Zip]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
Age: 51 
Sex: male

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 8 6 62
(Day - Month - Year)

- page 17 -

