PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
19 September 1962

2. LOCATION
Fairfield, Iowa

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT 20/0945Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual   ☐ Ground-Radar
☒ Air-Visual      ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☒ Yes             ☐ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3-4 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
SW climbing

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object appearing as a light brighter and larger than the stars, solid, yellowish, oblong, appeared in the East and moved to the South where it suddenly climbed at tremendous speed. Added in distance, upward, looked like plane at first then object suddenly turned and became all light. No sound.

11. COMMENTS
Probably a/c. Jet with after-burner turned on and climbing would give identical impression.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☒ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Handwritten text appears to be partially illegible, but seems to include "Federal Bureau" and something else]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see...
[Rest of text is cut off]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten text appears to read "Flying Saucer"]


- page 2 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1 mile ?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]

ADDRESS [redacted] Fairfield, City [redacted] Zone [redacted] State

TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]

Age 31 Sex 4

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
High School education
Self employed as Spray Painter
Hqtrs Hqtrs 119 in U.S. Coast Guard
Diploma from Welding School
Passed entry exam 8th Tool & Die Designer

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 6 Month [redacted] Year


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use
the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-
port information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments,
statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observa-
tion in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached
if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: Oct. 6, 1962

[Handwritten notes and sketch include:]
Straightline
400-500 MPH
(along horizon 45°)
E→

I saw this 3-4 minutes. THERE WAS about
10-15 D-8 STARS in the sky. I THOUGHT it
WAS a PLANE at first but no SOUND and AFTER
THE GOT TURN it WAS FAR to THAT


- page 4 -

It was a solid light all the time I watched. Even after the turn, it kept climbing at 60° and became dimmer and dimmer until it became diminished from distances.


- page 5 -

19 Sept 62

FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.

Date September 26, 1962

The attached is referred to your office for such action as may be necessary.

not
The writer has/been notified of this reference.

The Honorable
The Secretary of the Air Force
Washington 25, D. C.

Remarks:

Federal Bureau of Investigation


- page 6 -

September 21, 1962

To Whom It May Concern:
Dear Sir:

Please forward this to the proper authority. 
You may take me for a nut. But consider this for what it's worth.

I think I have seen a "flying saucer" or some other unidentified flying object. I know it wasn't a satellite because it changed course and it wasn't a plane because of its speed and 90 degree change in course.

Here is the way I saw it. I live on a farm about 2½ miles Northeast of town (Fairfield, Iowa). I was walking through the field at 6:45 P.M. (September 10th). It was just dark enough that I could see where I was walking. I looked up to the East and saw this bright light moving from East-Southeast to Southwest fairly fast like a fast jet plane. I stopped to watch and listen, but couldn't hear any noise. I thought it was close enough to hear. I looked at my watch and it was 6:45 P.M. I stood and watched and when it not due South of me it turned 90 degrees and went straight up on an easy arc from me at a great rate of speed until it not so dim I couldn't see it anymore (it was 6:49 P.M.). The weather was clear not a cloud in the sky. There were a few stars out.

I feel sincere about this and as a citizen it is my duty to report it.

[Signature area is blacked out]
Fairfield, Iowa


- page 7 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Partially filled in, but text is partially obscured]

2. Time of day:
[Partially filled in, but text is partially obscured]
(Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One)
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One) a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: Fairfield, Iowa
Additional remarks: [Blank]

5. How long was object in sight?
[Partially filled in, showing 3 and 1]
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
Central
Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                   NIGHT
a. Bright                             a. Bright
b. Cloudy                             b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you         d. To your left
b. In back of you         e. Overhead
c. To your right          f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
JUL 51 164   This form supersedes ATIC 164, Feb 60, which is obsolete.


- page 8 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
BRIGHTER & BIGGER

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other        Yes   No


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: NONE
b. Color: Yellow-ish

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a UFO appears, which looks like a classic flying saucer/disc shape]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                b. Like a bright star
                c. Sharply outlined
                d. Don't remember

[The option "c. Sharply outlined" is circled]

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[This section is left blank]


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match heads?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? So how?
WENT OUT OF RANGE - 4 FIXED

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A PASSENGER PLANE ALL LITE UP VERY BRIGHT IN SIDE SO THAT IT LOOKS LIKE ONE LITE, AFTER THE TURN THE SOLID LIGHT WAS STILL THERE.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible, appears to describe circumstances of seeing the object]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. East
c. Northeast

d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? [Handwritten: about 5 miles per hour]

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) (Yes) No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast

c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast

c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North [illegible] degrees
b. From horizon [illegible] degrees

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North [illegible] degrees
b. From horizon [illegible] degrees


- page 12 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you lost sight of it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you lost it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 13 -

