PROJECT 1007 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
20 November 1962

2. LOCATION
Montevideo, Minnesota

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
GMT 20/0620Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
XX Ground-Visual

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. PHOTOS
Yes

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
few

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
West

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Circular luminous obj observed fm bedroom to cross fm view in just a few seconds. No tail or trail. At about 30 dgr elevation in Northwest moving in level flight. No sound. Brighter than full moon on clear night. Moving west.

11. COMMENTS
Meteor sighting.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Meteor

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

There were a few scattered clouds but I didn't see any.

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Director of Intelligence AAF Washington, D.C.
Date 12-2 Month 11 Year 62

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No My wife was sleeping

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I don't know what it was. What comes to mind is that it could be a flying saucer or what passes for a flying saucer


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
[SUMMARY DATA]

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: December 2, 1962

This object appeared so quickly & disappeared so quickly there was no time for a real good look. When I told my family about it the next day they kidded me about seeing things. I couldn't give up the thought that there really was something that I had seen. My son brought home a book from the Milan High School library the next day, the title which was I believe "Flying Saucer Conspiracy" and it was from that book I got the address that I wrote to to make my report. I thought it was strange no one else reported seeing anything. No report on our local radio station, or WCCO Minneapolis nor in the newspapers.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes (No)
Not in miles per hour
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? was moving at a very high rate of speed.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes (No)
It seemed so low that I thought I'd hear a crash.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Montevideo City, Minnesota State

TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]

Age 44 Sex Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
High School graduate
Farmer - Am somewhat interested in what is to be seen in the sky. Have seen weather balloons. Back in 1957 or 1958 I saw what if I remember correctly was the Russian sputnik. Also the balloon Echo I believe it was.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [day] December [year] 1962


- page 4 -

20/0620z                                                 Montevideo, Minnesota
                                                                  November 23, 1962

Director of Intelligence
Headquarters 21, 8.9. A.F.
Washington 25, D. C.

Gentlemen;

On November 20, at 12:20 A.M., I saw a circular luminous object from my bedroom window. It was traveling at a very high rate of speed and so low I thought it would crash into the house. There was no sound. It gave off a white light and it was brighter than a full moon on a clear night. I have seen weather balloons, satellites and shooting stars and this object was unlike any of those. It was traveling in a westerly direction.

Yours truly,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 5 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
30   Nov   1962
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 12   20
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted address]   Montevideo   Minnesota
City or Town   State or County

Additional remarks: At my farm. Some 14 miles north of Montevideo.
On hill, farmable and looking out mile or window.

5. How long was object in sight?
Hours   Minutes   2   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? I saw it at an angle thru my window. Then it passed thru an area home and went gone.

a. Certain   b. Not very sure
c. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky? It was a nice clear night.

DAY   NIGHT
a. Bright   a. Bright
b. Cloudy   b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
b. In back of you   e. Overhead
c. To your right   f. Don't remember

FTD FORM   This form supersedes. ATIC 164, Feb 60, which is obsolete.
JUL 61 164


- page 6 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TD-E/Lt Col Friend/mb/69216
UFO Sighting                                                                29 November 1962

Montevideo, Minnesota

Dear Mr.

Your initial letter did not contain sufficient information for evaluation of your UFO sighting of 20 November 1962. Please complete and return to us the enclosed form (AF Form 164) in the self-addressed envelope provided.

Sincerely,

EDWARD H. WINN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
And Components

1 Atch
AF Form 164


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
Brighter then a full moon

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other


- page 8 -

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound         no sound
b. Color         brighter than a full moon

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn diagram showing cardinal directions (N, S, E, W) with a circular object in the center, labeled "circular"]

Notes on diagram: "No protrusions" and "No exhaust or vapor trails"

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
               b. Like a bright star
               c. Sharply outlined
               d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?    only one
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[The bottom section of the form is blank]


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

No change in direction

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar? A little larger than a full moon. A full moon is in Minn. 6 AM mid-winter

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

The match head would have covered such a very small part of the object that it would be hard to make an accurate comparison.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes, it passed over the house

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A full moon but larger. It was circular. I would say that it was a perfect circle.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
(a) Inside a building in the Country
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
(c) In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was in bed and my bed is close to an east window. I do not remember correctly I had been to the bathroom shortly before.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How far were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
(b) Northeast

c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast

c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

To venture a guess
I'll say it back an
altitude of about 30° close
the horizon.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

Both when it appeared & disappeared


- page 11 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

[Handwritten note: There was no change.]

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 12 -

