The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card that provides details about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 8-8-62
2. LOCATION: Reynoldsville, Pennsylvania
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 19002
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 
   [] Ground-Witness
   [X] Ground-Radar
   [] Air-Visual
   [] Air-Intercept Radar
5. DURATION: 5 mins
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 mins
8. DIR FROM: NW
9. COURSE: NW to SE
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Object was observed for 5 mins on ground radar, 1 object at 3,500 ft, speed 1,100 mph, info not used.
11. COMMENTS: This case is still being evaluated, no photograph was taken, and the radar operator could not obtain a positive identification on the object.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, with a questionnaire or form that the observer filled out.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. On an airplane (flying)
d. On the ground
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
(The observer's response is handwritten in the space provided.)

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? 25 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. West
b. Northwest
c. North
d. Northeast
e. East
f. Southeast
g. South
h. Southwest
i. Overhead

31.1 If you are familiar with bearing (angular direction), in what general direction did the object come from (true North thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
a. From true North 75 degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

The text within the document has been reproduced above.

- page 2 -

The image contains two sketches, but no photographs.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) of the text in the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to earlier sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.
et moving
ufoo, it
fiash

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire or form filled out by an observer of a UFO sighting.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Haze, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Mist, c. Light rain, d. Moderate or heavy rain, e. Snow, f. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? To Mr. Shafferson, a forest ranger

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? 
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses: Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Warburton of Reynoldsville, Pa.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
The object appeared very unusual and I have no idea what it was or what caused it.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, specifically a questionnaire filled out by a witness.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, please estimate the speed of the object.  6_5 (__)

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _Approx, 1/2 mi. to 1 mi.  

41. IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME: [REDACTED] First Name [REDACTED] Middle Initial [REDACTED] Last Name
ADDRESS: [REDACTED], Reynoldsville, PENNA.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]  
Age: 45   Sex: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
Date of Birth - May 15, 1917
I'm very interested in Science and Astronautics, and I believe that there is life on other Worlds (because I know there is) and that some of the objects people call Flying Saucers are really from Other Worlds (and not all from our Earth). And I Believe in "God" in Life on Other Planets has been created by the same Power that Created Life on Earth - (because I know) 

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: Sept. 1962

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with a handwritten description of an observed event.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and classified properly, the following space is write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may use these information that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size cover may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [REDACTED]
SIGNATURE: [REDACTED] 
DATE: SEPT. 5, 1962

The handwritten text describes an observation of a "light" that was seen, with details about its appearance and movement. The observer notes that the "light" seemed to originate from a wooded area and that it moved from one location to another, changing direction and altitude. The observer also mentions that the "light" disappeared behind some trees.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document containing handwritten text.

United States Air Force Security Service 
Detachment 4, 2096th Communications Squadron, Antonio, Texas

Dear sirs,
Trying to make a report.

On August 11, 1962 on a Saturday night, I saw an object on the road in front of my house. When I got closer to look at it, the object left the road and started going over the house, and went out of sight.
It was about 10-15 feet in diameter, saucer shaped, with a ring of flashing lights around the edge. It made no noise. 
The whole thing lasted about 15 minutes.

Respectfully,
[Signature]

- page 7 -

The image contains a handwritten text which appears to be a report or a description of a UFO sighting. There is no photograph present in this image.

U.F.O. REPORTS.

But though I should divides it was divided into three separate parts Because the object left from my house on Sunday 19, 1962. I saw three of them. It was east of my house, very small and was . I went to get my telescope to get a better view of them. I could see exactly what they were. I knew from other times that they reveal that they were from this world.

- page 8 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

As an optical character recognition (OCR) system, I can produce the following text found in the document:

"August 31, 1962 
Reynoldsville, Pennsylvania

Investigator: Richard Hall
Witness: Mr. and Mrs. Amos Fisher

Witnesses were driving north on State Route 28 near Reynoldsville, Pennsylvania, about 10:30 PM on August 31, 1962, when they observed a bright light in the sky which appeared to be moving closer to them. The light was described as very bright, about the size of a silver dollar held at arm's length. It moved erratically, jerking from side to side and up and down, and disappeared behind some trees. Witnesses estimated the object was about 500 feet above the ground and about one-half mile away.

The object was observed for about 2 to 3 minutes. No sound was heard."

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

HEADQUARTERS
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE SECURITY SERVICE
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS

28 AUG 1962

TO: LT USAF (SAFOI)
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

1. IN ACCORDANCE WITH PARAGRAPHS 6.1 AND 11.0 OF AFR 200-2, THE ATTACHED REPORT OF A UFO SIGHTING IS FORWARDED FOR YOUR ACTION.

2. ALTHOUGH THE REPORT HAS BEEN REVIEWED BY THE DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE, NO REPORT IS BEING MADE TO THE (IRAD) BECAUSE OF THE APPARENT LACK OF SUFFICIENT DATA THEREFORE.

3. ALSO ATTACHED IS A COPY OF THE USAFSS REPLY TO THE ORIGINATOR OF THE REPORT.

FOR THE COUT ANDREW
(Name Redacted)
MAJOR, USAF
COMMAND INFORMATION OFFICER

1. UFO Report
2. Ltr to Mr. (Name Redacted)

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which was used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that people had observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. This information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications. If your assistance is necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 11-12-61 - 9:00 - P.M. Month - Day - Year
2. Time of day: 9:00 - Minutes P.M. (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Reynoldsville, Pennsylvania
5. How long was object in sight? 2 - Minutes - Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Carefully b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object in DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a survey or questionnaire with various questions and checkboxes for the witness to fill out.

1. If you saw the abject at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
2. The object appeared:
3. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
4. Did the object:
5. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
6. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
7. Did the object appear:
8. Did you observe the object through any of the following?

The text on this page appears to be a standardized form used to collect information from witnesses of supposed UFO sightings as part of Project Blue Book's documentation and investigation efforts.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, likely a report or questionnaire.

The text in the document is as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound ______
b. Color ______

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document containing a series of questions and blank response fields for the observer to fill out.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear, as you saw it compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the known object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 14 -

