The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OUTPUT OF TEXT FOUND IN THE DOCUMENT:

9 SEPTEMBER 1959
SOURCE: CIVILIAN
HUMAN OBJECTS: CAR
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: GROUND VISUAL
COURSE: GAY
PHOTOS: NONE
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NONE
CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION. Based on information contained in the report, no unusual aerial phenomenon appears to have been observed. Data provided is limited, and additional details would be needed for a more thorough evaluation.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page of a document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

December 11, 1963
Raleigh, N. C.

Defense Department
U. S. Air Force
Directorate on UFOs
Washington, D. C.

Dear Sir:

During a conversation with [redacted], a student at N. C. State, he related an incident in which he and his cousin saw an objection enclosed drawing which they could not identify. They did not remember the exact date, but did say that it was sometime during the first two weeks of September, 1963. Statements (paraphrased and condensed) made by [redacted] about the sighting are as follows:

1. The object was flying NE to SW.
2. The object [redacted] saw the object while atop a mountain about fifteen miles east of Hendersonville, N. C.
3. The mountain top is approximately 2300 feet above sea level.
4. The object passed about one-third of a mile above us and about 300 yards in front of us.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report or document from Project Blue Book, discussing an unidentified flying object sighting. The text of the document is as follows:

December 11, 1964

5. The object made no sound in its passage from horizon to horizon, nor was there any sound, such as a sonic boom, after it had disappeared from view.
6. The object appeared to the earth and with the oval (see drawing) facingupwards. As it passed us, it rotated around its central axis so that the oval was perpendicular to our line of sight. After the object had passed, it rotated back into its original attitude.
7. The object appeared to be flying parallel to the curvature of the earth. 
8. There was no evidence of any type of operating propulsion unit.
9. The outside section( formed by the division of each wing by the curved line) of each wing moved as the object executed its two rotations.

made no estimate of the time that the object took to pass from horizon to horizon, but did state that the object seemed to be moving at an unusually fast speed.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be an excerpt from a typed document or letter.

I have forwarded this information to you because of your interest in UFOs -- and I hope that you will be able to determine what the object was.

Sincerely,

- page 4 -

The image contains a sketch or drawing of what appears to be a UFO or unidentified flying object. The sketch depicts a symmetrical, saucer-shaped object with a dome or raised center section and fins or appendages protruding from the sides. The drawing is hand-drawn and appears to be part of a document or report related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of UFO sightings.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

SIGNAL DETECTION COMPANY GREENVILLE, SOUTH CAROLINA PHONE 4-4133
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
PROJECT BLUE BOOK SPECIAL REPORT NO. 14
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 5 -

