PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
8 February 1963

2. LOCATION
Maysville, Kentucky

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local night

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
about 30 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
west

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Sighting of object through trees, appeared to be standing still and then moving off at great speed, also observed lights (as lights) by additional witness as object flew over highway to the west.

11. COMMENTS
Case investigated by Dr. Hynek and L/Col Friend. From information given by witnesses, the object was probably low level a/c mission. Check with 8 AF revealed that SAC missions on low level sites (2,000 ft) on night of 8 Sth. Lexington period of the report. Witness notified of evaluation.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown


- page 1 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a bare tree with spreading branches in the foreground, with a landscape and what seems to be some distant structures visible in the background.


- page 2 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of two figures standing on a path with bare trees in the background, set at an angle on a mostly blank document page.


- page 3 -

There is no readable text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a landscape with a bare tree in the foreground and a field or open area in the background. The photograph is positioned in the center of an otherwise blank white page.


- page 4 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a winter landscape with bare trees and a dark silhouetted figure or object in the scene. The photograph is slightly tilted and positioned in the center of an otherwise blank white page.


- page 5 -

There is no readable text on this page. The document contains a black and white photograph showing a landscape viewed through what appears to be an arched opening or tunnel, with some trees, utility poles, and open ground visible in the distance. The photograph is positioned on a mostly white page.


- page 6 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a building, possibly a house, with bare trees in the foreground. The photograph is positioned in the upper right quadrant of an otherwise blank white page.


- page 7 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a rural scene with bare trees and a house or building in the background, situated on what seems to be a dirt road or path.


- page 8 -

There is no readable text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a barren landscape with a bare tree in the foreground and some distant structures or trees in the background. The photograph is centered on a mostly white page.


- page 9 -

UFO SIGHTING
MAYSVILLE, KENTUCKY
8 February 1963

On 8 February a man was returning from a basketball game with his three teenage children when he observed an unidentified aircraft resting over a field in front of his house. The party jumped out of the car to get a better look. The object was described as round, about 50 to 60 ft in diameter, with two red lights opposite each other and two blue lights. The object was seen at equal intervals along the circumference. They failed the object to be about 200 ft in altitude, hovering in the air. After the object began to move and it changed its position by shifting until it was vertical with the earth's surface, witnesses in the local area had been previously. The altitude was assumed to be very low since the object could be observed through the trees on a hillside to the west of the observation location. After the object began to move only the red lights were visible. Sound that accompanied the object was similar to an aircraft. Flight was horizontal after the object began to move and the speed was tremendous. Total duration of the sighting was about 30 seconds.

The sighting was reported to the FBI on 12 Feb 63 in the form of a letter. This information was then forwarded to the Air Force for investigation. A team from Wright-Patterson AFB made a preliminary check since the object presented characteristics that did not conform with known aircraft capabilities.

Subsequent investigation revealed that the sighting had indeed taken place and the reports, description, and other related information were consistent. It was determined that the sighting, phases of the object, and the appearance of hovering could have been created by an opportunity of observation. This was considered the most probable explanation of the object. The speed, as indicated by the duration of the sighting, meant that the object was not a conventional aircraft.

A check with related aircraft information revealed that an RSS (Radar Bomb Scoring) site used in SAC training missions was located near Lexington, Kentucky and that Flight 296 had passed over Maysville. A call to the 6th Air Force confirmed that this site was being used on the night of 8 February by using two observers from AFB, Massachusetts, on Low Level missions. Their altitude was 2,000 ft and standard aircraft lighting was used. Witnesses were notified of the Air Force findings in the case, evaluated as an aircraft sighting.


- page 10 -

THIS CASE INCLUDES
10 PHOTOS 3X4


- page 11 -

DATA PROCESSING DIVISION
CLIMATIC CENTER
Air Weather Service (MAC)
Asheville, North Carolina

[Rest of the text is partially illegible or cut off in the image]


- page 12 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
5TH DISTRICT OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 5D-246-21-211                                                   21 February 1963

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)
          Maysville, Kentucky
          Sighted by [redacted]

TO: PTSD (TWO-E)

Attached letter from [redacted] dated 12 February 1963, concerning subject, referred to this office by the Louisville, Kentucky Field Office, Federal Bureau of Investigation, is furnished for your information and action deemed appropriate.

[Signature]
ELMER M. NEVILLE
Colonel, USAF
Commander

1 Atch, 
Ltr, [redacted] 12 Feb 63

Copies to:
HQ USAF (AFISI-6D) w/atch
W-PAFB (EWL) w/watch

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page, partially illegible]:
Re OPINIONS ON 8 FEB: ONLY INDIVIDUAL UNITS
KEPT RECORD, LOW LEVEL
MU-235 FILM ALL 212 MERC THE RBS SITE NIGHT OF
87TH IN CONSTANT USE. USE STANDARD ATC LIGHTS
[last line partially illegible, appears to read something like "FROM LEVEL MISSION 7,000 FT"]

68-235


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

POULTRY BREEDERS
MAYSVILLE, KY.
February 12, 1963

344 South 3rd St.,
Louisville, Ky.

Dear Sirs:

Since we have been unable to learn the location of our nearest Civil Aeronautical Board, thought we might send a report through you to obtain some information.

On February 9th I was returning from Maysville here on U.S. 68 about 8 miles south of Maysville, when I saw a bright light in the sky. It was approximately 6:30 PM. Will give details of what I saw in hopes that someone can explain it.

My attention was first drawn to a bright light in the west. It was quite large and seemed to be stationary. As I continued to drive, it seemed to move slightly to the south. When I first saw it, it was about the size of a quarter held at arm's length. It was a very bright white light.

As I continued to drive, it seemed to have been stationary for some time, then it would move slightly to the south. It was much larger than an airplane light and much brighter. It was not blinking or changing colors.

I continued to watch it for about 10 miles. It seemed to stay in approximately the same position. It was a clear night with some stars visible.

I would appreciate any information you could give me about this sighting.

Sincerely,
[Signature appears to be blacked out]


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

POULTRY BREEDERS
MAYSVILLE, KY.

Page 2

From I contour map of Mason County, the falls site was located this 9-13-62 as region 14 but been 38-32'N and 83-25'W. On 9-13-62.

On one-half the topical map, I was that there were sighting of a bright object. There were some 20 feet up in the air, which was mistaken from it being only 50 feet to the top of hill. "We were outside," he said, "and saw this bright object about 320 feet up in the air, which was following us."

One other person besides us saw the craft, he was following the same distance behind us in the light, which was united the lights because they are to be so produced.

Craft of this type have been at this location.

The bottom of the page contains a hand-drawn map/sketch with an "X" marking a location and compass/directional notations.


- page 15 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a landscape with bare trees in the foreground, set against a background of what seems to be open terrain or fields. The photograph is positioned slightly off-center on an otherwise blank white page.


- page 16 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a snowy landscape with trees in the background, and some diagonal lines extending from the image. The rest of the page is blank white space.


- page 17 -

