The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, specifically a "PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD" dated 30 August 63 and located in Vandalia, Ohio.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 30 AUGUST 63
2. LOCATION: VANDALIA, OHIO
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
4. PHOTOS: No
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30-45 SECONDS
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 2
7. COURSE: Two bright red lights moving very fast. Disappeared behind clouds. No position data given. Witnesses observed through binoculars.
8. CONCLUSIONS: Insufficient data for evaluation

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information division regarding an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been designed to obtain as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used solely for further study and will not lead to any conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 20 August, 6:30 Day Month Year

2. Time of day: 8:15 Near Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One) 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific

4. Where were you when you saw the object? R. Vandalia, Ohio City or Town, State or Country

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 Hours Minutes Seconds

5.1 Certain 5.2 Not Very sure just a guess

5.3 How was time in sight determined? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day Bright b. Night, Bright

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. To your rear e. Behind you f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

9. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
9.1 STARS (CIRCLE ONE):
a. None
b. A few
c. Bright
d. Don't remember

9.2 MOON (CIRCLE ONE):
a. Full
b. Crescent
c. Half moonlight
d. No moonlight - pitch dark
e. Don't remember

10. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (CIRCLE ONE):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

WEATHER (CIRCLE ONE):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (CIRCLE ONE)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. As a light
d. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (CIRCLE ONE):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: Brighter than a regular car headlight.

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (CIRCLE ONE)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (CIRCLE ONE FOR EACH QUESTION)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?          Yes    No    Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?  Yes    No    Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode?              Yes    No    Don't know
d. Change brightness?                          Yes    No    Don't know
e. Change shape?                               Yes    No    Don't know
f. Flash or flicker?                            Yes    No    Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear?                     Yes    No    Don't know

- page 3 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or form related to a UFO sighting report, likely part of Project Blue Book. The text on the page appears to be a questionnaire or survey asking for details about the observed UFO, such as whether it disappeared while being watched, whether it moved behind something, and whether it moved in front of a cloud. There are also questions asking the observer to describe the object's sound, color, and size in relation to a known object.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, it disappeared eventually.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes. Don't know.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): (Yes) No. Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound 
b. Color Brown

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and move it until the object of the match is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you observed, such as wings, partitions, or vapor trails. If the drawing is to show the direction the object was moving, please draw an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, with a series of questions and answer options related to a sighting.

As an OCR system, I have produced the following text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)     Yes         No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
Moderately fast, probably very fast

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)     Yes         No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In the yard
c. Outdoors
d. In an automobile (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city? 
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                c. East                e. South                g. West
b. Northeast            d. Southeast        f. Southwest        h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)      Yes        No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses             Yes        No        e. Binoculars          Yes        No
b. Sun glasses           Yes        No        f. Telescope           Yes        No
c. Windshield           Yes        No        g. Theodolite         Yes        No
d. Window glass        Yes        No        h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when sighted up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image contains a diagram with compass directions and an illustration of an object, likely a compass rose. There is no photograph present in this image.

People called the objects sighted as "Unidentified Flying Objects" at the time of this document. The text in the document appears to be a questionnaire or instructions for witnesses to describe their sightings, including directions, motion, and number of objects observed.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a form from Project Blue Book. The form contains questions about the witness's sighting of a UFO or similar object, including details about the object, the witness, and when and to whom the sighting was reported.

The text in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes  No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: [Redacted]  SEX: Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: [Redacted]  Month: [Redacted]  Year: [Redacted]

- page 7 -

