PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
15 July 1963

2. LOCATION
East Orange, New Jersey

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2145
GMT 16/014552

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one (1)

9. COURSE
SE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Light about same as brightest star disappeared into the South. Seen on more than one occasion. Initial observation in West. Believed to be Satellite by observer.

11. COMMENTS
ECHO would be visible low on horizon moving SE, at 833 EST. Case considered possible ECHO observation.

12. CONCLUSIONS
[Various checkboxes, with "Satellite ECHO I" checked under "Other"]


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) ___________
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside? - THREE GARDEN
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
When it first appeared - I was sitting. When - I was coming - I just noticed something in the park to tell several adults and children point it

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   -   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

The page contains two sketches with instructions for marking the position and height of an observed object in the sky.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? AT THE TIME
TO OTHER TENANTS.

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
City tenants in this building
also several children

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
Sometime in - not certain about year 5 years
ago - saw well to north-west after dark
I many sighting then. also Conn. Broadcast intent night 19 1941

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
17 was a man made Satellite
Because it appeared at almost the same time
each evening and it just to wait moment


- page 4 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [blank]

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] EAST ORANGE N.J.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
Age 68   Sex MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent:
So much time elapsed for greater accuracy.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:   17th   August   1963.


- page 5 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: August 19, 1963

It has always been one of my privileges and pleasures to watch the skies especially after dark - in fact, I have been up at and as late as 4 o-clock just so that I might see some of the sights predicted by our daily news-papers and because of this I have observed many things not seen by others. One evening I observed this satellite in the western sky at about 9.40 and I watched it until it disappeared in the north eastern sky about 15 minutes later. Then about 2 hours later I noticed the same performance and again at about 12 - it appeared a few minutes later on each orbit. This occurred with some irregularity for more than a week - I called the attention of some of my neighbors to this. This particular night, the satellite performed as usual until it went over the top of the building, at which time we went out thru the front of the building to continue our observation. Instead of continuing in it's usual path, it began turning towards the south


- page 6 -

and it continued in that direction until it was
out of sight. I watched for it several days after
this and then one morning I heard some radio announcer
say that contact had been lost. One morning this week,
I heard an announcer say that contact had been re-
established - if the weather (sky) is proper, I will
again be watching for the performance.
At this place we live on the 18th floor from which we
can observe a vast expanse of sky and when I sit on the
patio on the street level I can watch the entire western
sky for this area and also much of the sky overhead.

Just not seen it during the past week -
that is, since the except of this questionnaire.


- page 7 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW
SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO: Hq USAF SAF-OI 3b (Mrs Gaiser)
Wash 25 D C

1. We have received an unidentified flying object report from
Mr. [redacted] of East Orange, New Jersey,
of a sighting on 15 Jul 63. The observation was similar to the
satellite ECHO.

2. Mr [redacted] has requested that an ECHO schedule, for his
area, be forwarded to him. We are attaching a schedule for
Newark, New Jersey, for 4 - 7 Oct 63.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of Colonel, USAF]
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

1 atch
a/s

[Stamp in top right corner showing date: 2 OCT 1963]


- page 8 -

KCEB Schedule for Newark, New Jersey
4 Oct 63 - 7 Oct 63

at 05:53 PM Oct 4, North of City, 67 degrees above horizon moving SW
at 07:53 PM Oct 4, South of City, 26 degrees above horizon moving SW
at 06:50 PM Oct 5, South of City, 50 degrees above horizon moving SW
at 07:50 PM Oct 6, South of City, 16 degrees above horizon moving SW
at 06:41 PM Oct 7, South of City, 36 degrees above horizon moving SW


- page 9 -

October 4, 1963

Dear Mr.

An investigation of the information contained in the report of a sighting on 15 July 1963 which you submitted to the United States Air Force, has revealed that this observation was similar to the satellite ECHO.

For your information we are attaching an ECHO schedule for your area for the period October 4 - 13, 1963.

Sincerely,

MASTON W. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Enclosure

Mr.
East Orange, New Jersey


- page 10 -

" EYE in the SKY "

East Orange, New Jersey.
07018.

National Aero Space Administration,
Washington, D. C.

Gentlemen -

For the past several weeks I have been able to locate and observe a satellite that passes directly over my home at about 9:45 almost every evening and at 12 or a few minutes earlier it passes over but much further south. I have been told that this is Taurus V1 but I can get no definite information as to it's distance out in space or as to what it's functions are.

Will you please send to me, whatever information there is that I may use in my discussions and explanations or advise me as to where and when I may get the desired information. I have been in touch with both Murray Hill and the New York office of the Bell Groupe and just this morning I was advised to write to you.

Thanking you in advance for any information that you can give me, I am

Sincerely yours,
July 12th 1968.
EAST ORANGE, NEW JERSEY

P. S. My apartment here on the _______ floor is an ideal spot for observations because there is no obstruction, other than the mountainsgnd actually the sky is my limit.


- page 11 -

Have a Hobby . . . Be Wealthy!

We do not necessarily mean wealthy from a mercenary point of view. When we speak of Wealth a great many folks can only think of one thing—worldly possessions . . . when in reality we can be wealthy in many things.

One of our finest wealths is to be wealthy in Friends . . . a wealth of knowledge . . . to be blessed with a wealth of understanding and patience and many other wealths.

Hobbies . . . stamp collecting, Cover collecting and many other hobbies gives us the worthwhile wealths of life . . . friendships, contentment, indescribable pleasures.

In our Town we see so called successful men, perhaps with plenty of worldly goods but they have never learned to get away from the routine of business . . . have never learned to relax . . . they have missed the pleasures of a hobby.

All of a sudden they are retired . . . their old business associates and cronies give them a dinner . . . present them with a plaque as a tribute of their affection . . . they wish them well.

All at once they are on their own . . . the golden years of retirement are here . . . with plenty of time and no way to use it . . . they have missed the boat, so to speak . . . They did not have a hobby.

So I say "Have a Hobby" . . . Be Wealthy!


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the newspaper page:

East Orange Record
EAST ORANGE, N. J., THURSDAY, JULY 1, 1954

Postmark Collector Says
Towns Have Odd Names

No 'Blue Mondays'
For E. C. Schallis

Ever been to Fish House, N. J., Round Bottom, O., Twenty Nine Palms, Cal., or Dutch Neck, N. J.? Maybe you've never heard of them, but there are such places and Edward C. Schallis of 26 Clarks Lane proves it by producing postmarks to prove it.

Schallis makes a hobby of collecting postmarks from all over the country. Using the United States Postal Guide as his "bible" he marks off each list post office with a rubber stamp and it is added to his collection. As postmaster for the Great American Post Office in New York, Schallis is particularly adept at this hobby which hitherto unrecorded marking man, who is probably East Orange's only postal mark collector, says that a hobby is a real thing when its has not commercial value and that to him it is first and then quality.

Postmark collecting is one of the scarcely known and understood hobbies of our day. It is not new. Records indicate that postmarks have been systematically collected for almost 100 years. He Schallis, "The method is to take a postmark from the envelope or cards and then cancel them suitably with a rubber stamp and paste in books."

There are still some round postmarks, according to the collector, but nowadays most collectors cut the postmarks in strips which are about 2 x 5 and include the store, post office and postal cards. The East Orange collector uses a paste made from envelopes to 2 x4 size.

Postmark Collecting Is the hobby of Edward G. Schallis, 26 Clarks Lane, one of the 60,000 postmasters, from all over the United States, in the Schallis collection.

Back to the early 1900's. Many of the towns with these early postmarks are no longer in existence. Some have gone, like Zula, Okla., which was the reverse of Oklahoma which was the reverse of Indiana. In Kentucky, the maker has other towns of two initials, among them A. T., Ohio, O. T., etc.

In revamping his collection this year he found more than 100 post offices with three letter names, like Tub, Mud, May, etc. The result is a hobby with such a rapidly growing collection that it would soon get out of hand. As it is his collection now numbers more than 336,000, and the growth is so rapid that he has to take action A postmark per annum is about 33,600.

The girls in his post office are well aware of the Schallis hobby and keep on the alert for any unusual postmarks. They say the most interesting part of Schallis' collection is the way an exhibit is arranged. It is now on exhibit at the Montclair Post Office. The arrangement in the past Office Department consists of various types of markings applied to mail by the Post Office Department in the past 50 years.

Naturally there are bound to be duplicates used as barter in exchanges with other collectors. Furthermore since Schallis is so much interested in stimulating others to adopt his favorite hobby, he sends along large batches of his duplicates to persons just starting collecting.

"A hobby that's especially good," Schallis claims, "because old or young people stricken with a paralytic disease can still use their hands and eyes. They are able to use postmarks as a means of making masks. I think it would be an inspiration to life and I would be glad to get shut-ins started on the hobby. I myself had to give up a few years ago participation in sports because of a heart condition."

With such a large collection of good filling system would care for one. The postmarks are filed by states and cities in paper boxes slightly larger than 2x4 and about 10 inches in length. The boxes are arranged on a rack built flat against the wall.

The East Orange man's collection consists of more than 60,000 different named cities, towns, states in the United States. It's been 30 years in the making. His is not a haphazard collection. But some collectors make a study of places with odd names, the why and how. Others might think it nonsense, using post card or letter postmarks without sense or nonsense. To be able to gather all of the active post office postmarks in one's own state is considered quite a feat.

Schallis himself gives East Orange readers a prolific correspondence, the writing of letters being a hobby that writing consists of letters to various departments of the PABCC, the Postmark Collectors Club, Information on Industries and other sources.


- page 13 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

MEMORANDUM

August 12, 1963

Dear Mr.

The Air Force is unable to determine the cause of your recent aerial sightings. I suggest you provide more detailed information by completing the attached form. A pre-addressed envelope is attached for your convenience.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information
Office of Information

Log and Suspend

Ltr fm Mr.
East Orange, New Jersey

fwd to PFD for basis for reply.
29 July 63

Summary: Sightings every evening over his home at 9:45 and 12 or a few minutes earlier it passes but much further south. Been told it was Taurus VI but can get no definite info.


- page 14 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
15TH JULY 1963

2. Time of day:
9 45 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
(Other options listed: b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific)

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
(Other option: b. Standard)

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
EAST ORANGE NEW JERSEY
Additional remarks: FIRST LEVEL FACING WEST WATER - EAST

5. How long was object in sight?
10 Minutes Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
PREVIOUS OBSERVATIONS

(Circle One):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright            c. Bright
b. Cloudy            d. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):
a. In front of you    d. To your left
b. In back of you     e. Overhead
c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD JUL 61 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, Feb 60, which is obsolete.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
[Handwritten text appears to say: "Just about the same as"]

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Columns for Yes, No, Don't Know are marked for each item]

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other NONE


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound - Ping
b. Color - Unknown - Some shade - Faint - Metal Bright

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wing, protrusion, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

nothing definite.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle Only) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
Lawn or baseball

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Do not know - have not seen it since
Have watched it all the past week.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Disappeared into the dark.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Stars and planets.


- page 18 -

