PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
30 Sept - 7 Oct 1963

2. LOCATION
Murfreesboro, Tennessee

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
Not Reported

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual Ground-Radar Air-Visual Air-Interceptor Radar

5. PHOTOS
Yes
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
NE and/or SE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
The President referred to SAFOL. Evaluated as ECHO.

11. COMMENTS
Object conforms with ECHO passage.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other Satellite (ECHO)
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

(ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52))


- page 1 -

TO: CSFC (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: ATIC October 1963

13 September 1963
Akron, Ohio

AKRON, OHIO............September 13...7:15 PM
A large, luminous, white object was observed in a stationary position over its 224. The observers were looking down the 22A. From 8 Arlington St. Using points of reference to mark any movement, the object was satisfied that it did not move in the 15 minutes continuous watching. At an angle of elevation of about 20°, the object seemed to alternate between disc, c, and oval shape. When in the form of a disc, it was a very white, white object and its luminosity diminished with a color change to yellow-orange. At which time the object was slightly larger in diameter than a round thumb (Lars Emeis). Observers saw what appeared to be a short pronounced to the left and above object. A thick dash - very clean appeared in about 3-4 minutes....

After driving away, they continued to see the object minutes later, and lost sight when they descended into lower area.....
Observers: Mr & Mrs Joseph Brulok

Another observer driving southward on Rte 77, a few miles from its 18, described the object in much the same way as the Bruloks. He saw it for a considerable time - saw it last around sunset. The object seemed to remain still. The time he watched it only briefly stopped when he first saw it approximately 7:15 to 7:30 near..... Ed. comment: The nearest access was from Pittsburgh, Pa. If this was in fact a balloon from Pittsburg, it would of necessity have reached a high altitude. The object would have travelled contrary to the prevailing westerly winds.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

COMET PEREYRA (1956)

ALAN McCLURE'S picture on this occasion was taken on the night of September 16th, unfortunately, by one of our California staff members who had fudged to almost magnitude 8. This was first sighted by McClure's first photograph face (on the 13th) was made two days later, on the morning of September 16th, from Mount Wilson near the Los Angeles, California Morning twilight was already quite light when he spotted the comet (all in 20 sec exposure) with wide-field binoculars, using out the 12-inch refractor. As he had just appeared. Mr. McClure did not require it to be fixed. Since it was near the horizon, the comet's tail had a distinctly parabolic, looking like a fanning out beam about 10° long. The tail extended small in 20 x 80 binoculars, a comparison with extra-focal images was given in total magnitude as about 7.

After some bad weather, on September 1st again viewed the comet from Mount Wilson. In between periods he had fudged to almost magnitude 8.

Comet Pereyra was well observed, the orbit agrees very closely with the orbit of the great comet 1882 II.

Thus Comet 1956c becomes another of the famous family of comets coming actually asteroids paths around the sun.

The others are the comets of 1106, 1843 and 1880. The comet of 1880 has a period of 1,094 years and an are separate course, rather than return of the same object. All may be fragments of an enormous comet that broke up some 200 years ago.

The coordinates for Comet Pereyra are listed in the document.

The caption for the image reads: "The scale of this September 21st photograph is about 9' 50 arc min. McClure means the 12-minute exposure at f/2.5 of the Universal camera with an aperture of 7 inch aperture and a corrector prism."


- page 3 -

UAO's Upset TV Reception

Almost all of the 100 residents of Wonthaggi, South Dudley, Australia, watched an object "like an orange beach ball" which moved slowly across the sky out over the sea at about 7:30 p.m. on the 19th of September 1963.

PMG Lineman Tom Lymer, 35, said, "It was flashing on and off like an aircraft light but it was many times bigger and brighter and moving slower than a plane." It was first sighted by children at a playground who rushed home and informed their parents who spread the word. A party of six members of the Victorian PS Research Society journeyed to Wonthaggi and the following information was relayed to APRO by Secretary Sylvia Sutton and Judith Magee, as well as information from the newspaper reports.

Tom Lymer added to his statement: "Suddenly flame shot out and it traveled at a tremendous speed. We all lost it for a few moments, then the kids picked it up in the south. It was moving. I ran inside to the wife and told her there was a flying saucer outside. She laughed at me. But when she came out and had a look she changed her mind."

Tom Ruby, 48, truck driver from South Dudley, said that after hovering, still flashing on and off brightly, the strange object moved over the sea and disappeared. During the 25 minutes it was about, every TV set in Wonthagsi and South Dudley behaved "crazily." Some screens went blank, others produced a double picture, others only lines and some were just "snowy."

Mrs. Sutton reported: Mr. Lymer, the lineman, confirmed the reports published in the newspapers. John Waters, 17-year-old student, saw two objects on Saturday night. One appeared first, travelling in an arc but not stopping and the second higher and followed the same trajectory.

(See UAO-TV—Page 8)


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UAOs-TV
(Continued from Page 1)

day and Saturday nights. Brian Pugh, 12,
saw one object on Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday nights. Joyce
Pugh, 7, saw two objects on Saturday
night. Mr. Chris Jolly, retired farmer,
saw one object on Saturday night. All
agreed that the time was about the
same on each night.

Prior to any newspaper reports, at
about 8:13 p.m. on Thursday, 19 Sep-
tember, Mrs. Sutton had received a phone
call from a man at Mt. Eliza. He de-
scribed a similar orange-colored object
with flashing or blinking lights, travel-
ing in a south to southeasterly direc-
tion. He and his family watched it
there had been any other reports given
to Mr. Sutton. She said there had been
none up to that time. From his home
at Mt. Eliza, Wonthaggi and Dudley
South would have been in the direction
in which he saw the object. Mr. Sut-
ton called the Air Force, the Weather
Bureau, Civil Aviation and the Moorebin
Light Aircraft and established that there
were no balloons, kites, planes, etc., in
the area at that time.

Mrs. Sutton also stated in her re-
port, that when a disc-shaped object
came down over Charles Brews' milking
shed near Willow Grove in Gippsland
District, there was no effect on the
milking machine—which was driven by
diesel fuel. In the Gippsland District in
the Latrobe Valley area, which pro-
duces one half of the electric power
for the State of Victoria plans are in
progress for supplying even more of the
state's electric power. Also Wonthaggi
and Dudley South are both coal mining
towns. She then pointed out that UFOs
appear to be preoccupied with locations
of scientific and industrial importance.


- page 5 -

Egg-Shaped Object in Ark.

Mr. Frank Hudson, from his home near Huntsville, Arkansas, made an interesting observation of an egg-shaped object on 20 September 1963. At 6:55 p.m. CST, with good seeing conditions, the UFO was first seen moving very slowly westward about 10 degrees above the horizon, and was visible as first an over-size star-like object, then as a bright and steady object. Through binoculars the object appeared as an egg in position so that the narrow part was pointing toward the ground. Near the top or large part of the object, was a dark area which at intervals moved downward toward what would be described as a midday part or midway between the two ends.

As time passed the object faded and turned to what was described as an orange color before it disappeared.

Mr. Hudson said the object disappeared because there was no sunlight shining on the object or light emanating from it.

The possibility that this object may have been a balloon of some kind has neither been confirmed or disproved. Hudson has seen similar objects on May 9 and 10, 1964 and on October 31, 1960.


- page 6 -

NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY
SOURCE: AFRO BLUE BOOK JAN 64

21 September, 1963
St. George, Missouri

Bright Sphere
Near Home in Mo.

At about 12:30 a. m. on September 24, 1963, a bright spherical light was seen hovering over trees some 100 yards from the front porch of Mrs. James Patterson who lives near Powell Park, in St. Charles, Missouri. A total of three people witnessed the object when it was first seen. However, the light quickly disappeared as it moved away. Sheriffs deputies were called upon to investigate. They saw the light but upon approaching it the object disappeared.


- page 7 -

TO BLUE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: Telcor

26 September, 1963
Dayton, Ohio

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

REMARKS:
INFO Received on phone by Sgt Moody 26 Sep 63
Sgt Baker from SAC, 233-0363 observed following obj:
1700-Free falling obj slow fall, Valley St. looked like
it was coming down near Huffman Dam. Observed at 1225
local (obj well above)(at least 10,000). a/c in
pattern below object. - checked - Flight Safety. No
recovery on obj. Will notify if they find anything.

FROM

DD FORM 95 (EDITION OF 1 OCT 60 WILL BE USED) GPC 1961 O—539752


- page 8 -

DATE                LOCATION                                   OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

Fall            Traxton, Virginia                   (PHYS. SPECIMEN)     Other (THISTLES BLOWS)
Fall            Tupper Lake, New York               (PHOTOS)             (GRASS IN AIRCRAFT
                                                                         & VAPOR CLOUDS)

2 Oct           Milwaukee, Wisconsin                                     INSUFFICIENT DATA
2               Concord, North Carolina                                  SATELLITE
3               Baltimore, Maryland                                      INSUFFICIENT DATA
3               Ashland, Kentucky                                        AIRCRAFT
3               Dayton, Ohio                                             UNIDENTIFIED
4               Bedford, Ohio                                            AIRCRAFT
5               Pasadena, California                                     UNIDENTIFIED
6               Philadelphia, Pennsylvania                               AIRCRAFT
6               Dayton, Ohio (CASE MISSING)         Military             OTHER (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
7               Lanham, Maryland                     Military            ASTRO (METEOR)
8               Charleston AFB, South Carolina       Military            BALLOON
8               32.07N   117.174 (Pacific)                               SATELLITE
8-10            Dayton, Ohio                         Military            ASTRO (JUPITER)
9               Fallon, Nevada                       Military            SATELLITE
9               Kansas City, Missouri                Military            ASTRO (JUPITER)
9               40N 17N, 40W (Pacific)               Military            SATELLITE
10              Dayton, Ohio                         Civilian            SATELLITE
11              Santa Fe, Argentina                  Military            INSUFFICIENT DATA
12              40 40N   107.30W(Pacific)            Military            SATELLITE
12              Redding, California                                      INSUFFICIENT DATA
13              St. John, California CANADA                              INSUFFICIENT DATA
14              Lookout Mountain, Oregon                                 ASTRO (METEOR)
15              Elmendorf AFB, Alaska                Military            ASTRO (METEOR)
19              Pads Port, Oregon                    Military            ASTRO (METEOR)
19              Bournemouth, England                 Military            ASTRO (STAR/PLANET)
19              Barbars Point, Hawaii                Military            OTHER (MISSILE)
23              New Hampton, New Hampshire                               OTHER (CONFLICTING DATA)
23              Meridian, Idaho                                          UNIDENTIFIED
24              Cupar Fife, Scotland                                     UNIDENTIFIED DATA
25              21 49N 151.10W (Pacific)             Northwest Airlines  INSUFFICIENT DATA
25              Mitchell, South Dakota               *                   AIRCRAFT
29              Oneida, New York                                         AIRCRAFT
29              Fairfield, Illinois                 (PHYSICAL SPECIMEN) Other (ROCK)
29              Lincoln Park, Michigan                                   INSUFFICIENT DATA
30              Paterson, Ohio                                           AIRCRAFT
31              Saudi Arabia                                             ASTRO (METEOR)
31              Jacksonville, Florida                                    AIRCRAFT

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE            LOCATION                             SOURCE              EVALUATION

Oct             Argentina                            News Clipping       
1               Dover Foxcroft, Maine                "                   
1               Arkansas County, Arkansas            "                   
12              Monte Maiz, Argentina                "                   
13              Provincia, Argentina                 "                   

* SEPARATE FOLDER


- page 9 -

October 14, 1963

The Office of the President has asked the Air Force to reply to your letter concerning an object which you reported seeing in the southern section of the sky during the first part of this month.

You and your friends have probably been watching Echo satellite, which has circled over the Nashville area several times during September 30th through October 5th. During the evening of October 5th it could be seen north of Nashville and Murfreesboro at approximately 8:49 p.m., Central Standard Time, moving southeast approximately 75 degrees above the horizon.

Sincerely,

CHARLES T. VAN VLIET
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Public Information
Division
Office of Information

[Address is blacked out, but location is Murfreesboro, Tennessee]


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

ASTRONOMY

Four Planets Appear in Sky
Jupiter and Saturn continue to shine brightly in the September evening skies while Mars and Venus, just barely visible, appear low on the horizon.

By JAMES STOKLEY

TWO BRIGHT PLANETS, splendorous Jupiter and Saturn, shine in the September evening sky.

Their positions—and those of the stars as well—are shown on the accompanying star maps. They are drawn to show their own kind of daylight saving time at the beginning of September. They will look the same way 1,050 the middle of the month and a week 950 as at present.

Jupiter is the brighter of the two, about midway 2.4 on the star-finder's scale of magnitude, or brightness. It is in the constellation of Pisces, the Fishes, and rises soon after sunset, about 8 p.m. It is visible through the rest of the night.

Saturn, which is in Capricornus, which makes it a sixteenth as bright as Jupiter, and it is in Capricornus, the horned goat. It rises as hour or so before sunset, and is visible until a little before sunrise. Both planets are drawn, are in the southern sky. Saturn is directly south; Jupiter farther east, i.e., to the left.

Mars and Venus Appear
Two other planets are also in the evening sky, low in the west. Mars is one. Venus, especially true at Venus, which is still so nearly in the same direction as the sun. It sets only a few minutes after sunset.

And Mars, now quite faint, has moved a bit far away, sets in the west just about the time the sky is getting entirely dark.

Three other stars are also visible, shining is Vega, high in the western sky in Lyra, the Lyre. Overhead is Cygnus, the swan, with brilliant Deneb. And high in the south, above and to the right of Saturn, is Fomalhaut, a first magnitude star called Altair.

These three stars are all of the first magnitude. So are three others now visible, but they are all so low in the sky that they cannot be seen well. These are Arcturus, the southern fish. This star is far south, and never rises much higher than the horizon. Lower is Antares, the heart of the Scorpion.

Low in the south in Fomalhaut, in Pisces Aquarius, the southern fish. This star is far south, and never rises much higher than the horizon. Lower is Antares, the heart of the Scorpion, the heraldsman, with the star Arcturus, during the summer this was high in the evening sky, but is soon to disappear until next year. Low in the northwest and north are other stars now visible.

During coming month it will display higher and higher. Next winter it will be

sal men it has nothing to do with the actual dimensions of a star. Rather it tells us the brightness, and some relatively small stars are much more brilliant than larger ones.

About two centuries B.C. a Greek astronomer named Hipparchus first classified stars in this way. The brightest he called first magnitude, and the faintest last magnitude. He had not yet been invented, he called sixth. This system is still used, though with some modifications. A first magnitude star is 100 times as bright as one of the sixth magnitude, and a second magnitude star 2.517 times as bright as the next faintest.

Deneb Most Luminous
Of course, the term generally refers to the brightness of a star. A star may look bright because it really is, or because, though faint, it is relatively close to earth. Of the three stars in the triangle, Deneb is by far the most luminous, it is actually about 16,000 times as bright as the sun.

But if one takes the distance of 1,600 light years (one light year is the distance light travels in a year—is about six trillion miles.) Vega is 265 light years away and about 50 times the sun's brightness. Altair is a fairly close neighbor—only 165 light years from us and about 93 times as bright as the sun.

To take care of such differences astronomers also classify stars by their absolute magnitude. The brighter the magnitude would be, if the star were at a standard

[The rest of the text is cut off at the bottom of the page]


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for August 24, 1963

THE FIELDS

ZOOLOGY
Stork's Snapping Bill
Nature's Best Mousetrap

PSYCHOLOGY
Negro Children Discover
Own Mental Abilities

TECHNOLOGY
Mushmobile Tested by
Department of Defense

[Partial text of articles visible]

ZOOLOGY section:
• THE BILL of the American wood stork can snap shut in less time than the blink of an eye.
[Rest of text partially cut off]

PSYCHOLOGY section:
• NEGRO CHILDREN think less of themselves than white children, according to a study. The results suggest that Negro children underestimate their ability to do schoolwork to a significantly greater extent than their actual performance.
[More details partially obscured]

TECHNOLOGY section:
• A TRULY amphibian vehicle, capable of traveling through water, mud, slush and snow has been successfully tested. Designed and built by the City of New York for preparation for the Department of Defense, the 12-ton amphibian machine can go virtually everywhere.
[Partial text continues]

Other sections include:
- Epidemiology: Celestial Time Table for September
- Agriculture: Cotton Growers Depend On Weather Service
- Medicine: Twins Bear Children After Kidney Transplantation

The document appears to be from the Science News Letter dated August 24, 1963.


- page 12 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   September, 1963
                                                                                       Kent, England

5 cm x 2 Flying Saucer Review - No. 10. 63

Kent visitor

The lunch edition of the
London Evening Standard on
September 19 carried the following item in its Kent News-
letter section: "A mysterious
nocturnal object with an orange-red glow has been sighted hovering over Kent coast towns and was seen to a spate of flying saucer reports. The object was seen at Margate by Mr. Tully Hicks, a reliable witness. A few days later there was a sighting at Ramsgate. The latest is by a couple at Home Bay. The RAF at Manston has no idea what the object has been. It can be seen hovering a few hundred feet up before rapidly flying off to sea."


- page 13 -

No Case (Information Only)                                September, 1963
                                                                    Southampton, England

5-acre Flying Saucer Review 10-10-63

Southampton mystery
Mr. Peter J. Kelly has drawn our attention to a letter which appeared in the Southern Evening Echo on September 6. The correspondent, whose name and address were supplied to the editor of the newspaper signs himself "Curious." The letter reads as follows:

Between 11 p.m. and midnight (B.S.T.) a bright light appears in the sky just over the roof tops practically due east. It has the appearance of a very bright light it travels very slowly upward and towards the south, not rising vertically, but upward at an angle which is always the same. Can you or any of the readers tell me the source of the light and what it is?

6


- page 14 -

A large meteorite which flashed across the skies of Southern Cal- 
ifornia in daylight last September was the object of an intense search by 
scientists, who are hopeful of finding in it fossils that would prove the ex- 
istence of life on other worlds. Previous claims of fossil finds in meteorites 
have been doubted or discounted because the meteorites were found long after 
impact, allowing the earth materials to contaminate the specimen. This 
one, seen by hundreds of people after it crashed in rugged mountain country, 
had not been located at last report.


- page 15 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                8 September, 1963
                                                                                    Lancashire, England

[Handwritten text appears to be partially illegible]

Lancashire sky puzzle

From the Lancashire Evening Post, September 12, Mr. N.W. Turner, of Liverpool Road, Hutton, describes an unusual sight in the sky when travelling from Broughton-Furness to Greenodd, on Sunday night in a letter to the Post:

"The sky to the west was filled with a peculiar yellow glow, not unlike that from street lamps. I watched the sky for about 30 seconds during which its brilliance steadily increased to a maximum at which it remained for about five seconds, before fading. At gradually as it increased, Mr. Modified, I resumed my journey, but had no sooner got under way than the display was repeated."

A curious feature was that the light was not reflected from the under-side of the cloud layer, as would have been the case had it come from a configuration on the ground, but shore through from and obviously came from above.

Mr. Taylor thinks that the spectacle was caused by a satellite 20 entry into the earth's atmosphere, but he enquires whether for ten minutes? He saw the glow at about 9.45 p.m., five minutes earlier than Mr. Taylor, and he thinks it perhaps an approximation.


- page 16 -

Texas Tower Men See Light

Nineteen men aboard Texas Tower II at Cape Cod, including foreman Patrick Loreno, reported an unusual experience which appeared to be the nautical equivalent of a flying saucer sighting on the night of 12 September 1963.

Tower personnel called in by radio to the Coast Guard to request an investigation of an object they spotted 3 miles from their location. The Coast Guard dispatched a boat but the object was seen by the Tower men and sunk before the boat reached the areas where the object was seen. A subsequent search by plane which took over an hour revealed nothing.

Light and smoke appeared on the surface and seemed like steam.

Loreno is in charge of the crew which had been dismantling the tower—which was a part of the early warning radar defense network. The sighting of the mysterious object was made at a time when visibility was "excellent"—according to the Coast Guard at 10 p.m. men saw the object for a period of 20 minutes.

The Coast Guard told the Staten Island Advance that ("They" (the Tower personnel) say it had a controlled white


- page 17 -

