The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page from a project blue book record card. 

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE DR 23 Jul 63
3. PHOTOS D Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION - - - -
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Information on objects "observed does not specifically identify the objects as "airplanes" or "jets".
9. CONCLUSIONS: Was Balloon Probably Balloon Insufficient Data for Evaluation

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the United States Air Force regarding a UFO report.

Text output:

HOUSTON 25, TEXAS                                                
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

STAFF UFO

Would like fast reply or as fast as possible.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter from MASTOR H.J. JACKS, Major, USAF, Information Division, to someone regarding "the attached forms" and the person's "interest in Air Force activities". The letter is dated July 30, 1963.

The text of the letter is as follows:

July 30, 1963

Dear Mr. ------,

Please return the attached forms, giving as much detail as possible, and return the original forms. Described attached additional information addressed by any other witnesses.

Your interest in Air Force activities is appreciated.

Sincerely,

MASTOR H.J. JACKS
Major, USAF
Information Div
Office of Information

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, containing only text.

Text from the document:

Dear Sirs:
I would like to know if you have any information on unidentified flying objects. Because if we have some indications here tonite some is very clear, can barely but distinctly see when his is passing by. I would appreciate any information available at this time send to the address of the following:

Houston 29, Texas
This information is very important to me and any thing that you have large or small will be significant this appreciated.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature]

- page 4 -

