The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and investigations.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: OCT 9, 1963
2. LOCATION: Greece, New York
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0555
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar
5. PHOTOS: O Yes X No
6. DURATION: 05 MINUTE
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 05 MINUTE
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: E-W
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Two pilots on radar trail in flight from north disappearing NNY behind low clouds 85 minutes
11. COMMENTS: Nothing Conflicting with S/C Analysis

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information, specifically a questionnaire to gather information about an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please do not answer any questions on this form without your permission. The information you provide will be treated as confidential and will not be released in any form, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? Day: Oct. Month: 15 Year: 1962
2. Time of day: (Circle One): A.M. / P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Airport of Buffalo, NY near Niagara Frontier (Near Tonawanda) State or Country)
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours: 5 Minutes: Seconds:
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Carefully b. Not very sure c. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes / No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day b. Night c. Cloudy d. Clear
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you e. Don't remember

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or report form.

8. IF you saw the object of NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A fewc. Bright moonlight
d. Dull moonlight

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. Moon not visible, too dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Overcast
e. Moderate or heavy rain
f. Snow
g. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared to be a light, was it brighter than the stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edge of the object was:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Change brightness?
e. Change shape?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?

Yes No Don't know
Yes No Don't know
Yes No Don't know
Yes No Don't know
Yes No Don't know
Yes No Don't know
Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a questionnaire-style format. 

Here is the text output from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one) YES ( ) NO ( ) Don't know.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one) YES ( ) NO ( ) Don't know. 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
   a. Sound
   b. Color

18. Do you wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or coin's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time did the sighting, what was the result?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and specifically indicate trails or smoke trails.
Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing questions and answers related to a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes / No

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes / No

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside 
d. At home
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) 
a. In the business section of a city? 
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airport?
e. Hunting/fishing or camping?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North 
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South 
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes / No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes / No
b. Sun glasses Yes / No
c. Windshield Yes / No
d. Window glass Yes / No
e. Binoculars Yes / No
f. Telescope Yes / No 
g. Theodolite Yes / No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the colors, shape, and any other distinguishing features of the object which you saw which you think would assist in the investigation of your report.

- page 5 -

The image contains two illustrations. The first illustration shows a sketch with a curved line representing the horizon and an object above it, and instructs the viewer to indicate the height of the object above the horizon. The second illustration shows a compass-like object with arrows pointing in various directions.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object?

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME 
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER
SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document, possibly a questionnaire or report, with text-based questions and blank space for responses.

34. Did you complete this questionnaire?
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific nature of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book document.

Text transcribed from the document:

THE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT HAS ASKED ME TO REPLY TO YOUR LETTER CONCERNING TWO UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS YOU BEEN SIGHTED ON OCTOBER 16, 1963.

WOULD I LIKE TO THANK YOU FOR BRINGING YOUR CASE TO OUR ATTENTION. IT IS IN CASES LIKE THESE THAT THE BEST INFORMATION WE CAN OBTAIN IS THROUGH THE COOPERATION OF PRIVATE CITIZENS WHO MAY HAVE WITNESSED UNUSUAL AERIAL PHENOMENA.

ENCLOSED ALSO IS A SELF-ADDRESSED ENVELOPE FOR YOUR USE IN FORWARDING THE FORMS TO BE FILLED OUT.

SINCERELY,
C. H. CARLSON
DEPUTY CHIEF
PUBLIC INFORMATION DIVISION
OFFICE OF INFORMATION

CONFIDENTIAL - AIR FORCE SPECIAL REPORT

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire form used by the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please 17 2 answer as many questions as you can. Your identity will be kept confidential, and the information will be used for statistical purposes only. We request that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
3. Time Zone:
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

- page 10 -

The image appears to be a page from an old document related to a UFO report, likely from Project Blue Book. The page does not contain any photographs, but rather a form with questions and answers about the reported UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

6. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Bright moonlight d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Full moon b. Bright moonlight c. Faint or hazy d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear b. Scattered c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Day b. Night c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The shape of the object was: (Circle One):
a. Lights, blurred b. Lights, distinct star c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Suddenly speed up and rush away or any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
c. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
d. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
e. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):     (Yes)    No    Don't know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):     Yes    No    Don't know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what:
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound _____________________________
b. Color _____________________________

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and see how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially indicate the direction of any movement of the object. The drawing is also used to indicate the date and time of the sighting.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire or survey form with various questions about sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle one) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other
23. Where were you? (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open country? d. Near an airport? e. Flying over a city? f. Other
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? ____miles per hour 24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Binoculars Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Telescope Yes No f. Theodolite Yes No g. Other
26. In order that you can give an clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a comparison of the size, brightness, speed, direction and other details of the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 13 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which includes several hand-drawn diagrams and instructions.

Transcription of the text in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Please draw a line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Put an "X" on the curved line to show where you first saw the object.

23. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, a "Y" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then show how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself: [Redacted personal information]
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a form with blank spaces for the reporter to fill out information about their sighting.

34. Have you completed this questionnaire?
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 16 -

