The image shows a Project 10073 Record Card from the UFO report document. There does not appear to be any photograph included in this particular page.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 3 JUN 60
2. LOCATION: Snowmass, Colorado
3. DAYTIME GROUP: LOCAL TIMES
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 
   Og Ground-Visual
   Ej Air-Radar
   Ei Instrument Radar
5. PHOTOS: D Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 MIN
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 3
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Objects sighted still and then moving slowly. Two other objects did not seem to move in plain view. Dark orange or red in color. Also observed through field glass. Neighbor 5 miles up road also observed objects.
12. CONCLUSIONS:
   Ej Was Balloon
   Eg Possibly Balloon
   Er Possibly Aircraft 
   Ei Possibly Aircraft
   Ej Was Astronomical
   Ei Possibly Astronomical
   Ed Insufficient Data for Evaluation
   ER Other
13. COMMENTS: Sounds like balloons. Request for completed form sent. Evaluated as balloon observation 5/22/60.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document that describes a sighting of unidentified objects in the sky near Snowmass, Colorado on December 18, 1963. The text in the document is as follows:

Snowmass, Colorado
December 18, 1963

U.S. Air Force Academy
Colorado Springs, Colo.  Attn: Sgt. re: unknown aircraft

Dear Sir:

About a week ago my husband called you concerning some unknown objects that we saw in the sky. If you found anything out about these objects, we are certainly curious to know anything that you could tell us about them. There certainly was something there, moving fairly fast, standing still and then moving slowly, in the case of the one object. The other two objects didn't move as far as we could tell. One of them was in the clouds part of the time, but the other one was in plain view. We watched them at least for an hour, from sunset until it was completely dark, and there was certainly no mistaking them for a star, and through our field glasses the closest one appeared to be black and red on the end. Anyway if you can give us any information on them, we would certainly appreciate it.

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]

P.S. We also called one of our neighbors who lives about five miles up the road from our place and they saw several of these objects in different places also.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. The text on the page is as follows:

ECl

Mrs. Snowmass, 
Colorado

Dear Mrs. Snowmass,

I have been unable to learn when you gave me, to which you refer about the unidentified flying objects you saw. 

I am taking the liberty of forwarding your very interesting letter on to the Office of Information in Washington. You will probably hear further on this matter in due course.

Thank you for sending this information to me. I am sorry I cannot give you more data than you already have.

Sincerely

ROBERT A. WEBB
Major, USAF
Information Officer

cc: SAFOI (with original letter)

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter from Major Mason M. Jacks of the Public Information Division of the USAF, addressed to "Mrs. [redacted]" in Snowmass, Colorado.

December 30, 1953

Dear Mrs. [redacted]:

Your letter of December 13, 1953, addressed to the U.S. Air Force Academy, has been forwarded to this headquarters for reply.

Enclosed is a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Questionnaire. This questionnaire is based on the data provided in your letter, and it is requested that you complete and return this form for your convenience.

Upon receipt of this questionnaire, an attempt will be made to answer your questions and provide any additional information that you may wish.

Thank you for reporting this unknown object to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

MASON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mrs. [redacted]
Snowmass, Colorado

- page 4 -

