The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 22 April 1963
2. LOCATION: Speedway, Indiana
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar
5. PHOTOS: G - Yes
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 minutes
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Daughter told father that old house was observed to move o/h 100 ft in diameter and 100 ft in diameter, flew slow east to west at 300-400 ft elevation and disappeared. Hovering height estimated at 800-1000 ft. Obj (light) was observed by daughter & father said obj (light) was still in sight.
11. COMMENTS: Told daughter that old house was not moving, no mason to alter vision. At distance over 2 miles would have been hard to judge movement in horizon. Was probably an aircraft as reported in RPL in this area at the time. Apparently obj was still in sight.

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a handwritten document or report, but it does not contain any photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

This may not be of much importance to you but for me it is.
I sighted what I beleive to be a large orange object moving at a high rate of speed over the Speedway, Indiana area on April 9, 1965. It appeared to be round in shape and was extremely bright. I observed it for about 3 or 4 minutes before it disappeared from my view. The object was moving at a very high rate of speed and was well above the horizon. At no time did I see any trails or exhaust coming from the object. It appeared to be self-luminous. The weather at the time was clear and the object was easily visible against the sky. I would estimate its size to be comparable to a small aircraft, perhaps a light plane or small jet, but it was definitely much larger and brighter than any aircraft I have ever seen. I was able to observe it quite clearly and have no doubt that it was not a conventional aircraft. I would appreciate if you would investigate this sighting and let me know if you have any other similar reports from the area. Please feel free to contact me if you have any other questions.

- page 2 -

The image appears to contain a blacked-out or redacted portion, likely obscuring a photograph or other sensitive information. There is no visible photographic image in this particular page.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now proceed to extract and output the textual content found within the document:

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
(material deleted) April 9, 1963
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)
1. This office has received a report regarding an unidentified flying object sighted in the Speedway, Indiana area on April 9, 1963. The observer was (material deleted), who reported the following:
2. At approximately 2100 hours, (material deleted) observed a bright light in the western sky near the horizon. The object appeared to be stationary for several minutes, then suddenly accelerated and disappeared from view in a matter of seconds. (material deleted) stated that the object appeared to be round in shape and brighter than any star or planet in the night sky. No other details were provided.
3. This incident is being forwarded to Project Blue Book for their information and any further investigation deemed necessary.
(material deleted)
Assistant: As an OCR system, I have extracted and output the textual content found within the document, excluding the redacted or blacked-out portions.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

IDX-Y
Request for UFO information

1. We concerne the attached letters from and
Martha Shields requesting information on unidentified flying
objects. Please examine and furnish a reply to your office for
our use.

2. The reported sighting of April 22, 1963 was not
too old to warrant an investigation.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter addressed to "Miss [redacted]" dated July 29, 1963. The letter is from Maston M. Jacks, who is identified as the Public Information Office of Information. The letter mentions an investigation by the Air Force regarding "sighting of April 22* 1963" and states that "material on unidentified aerial phenomena is included for your information."

July 29, 1963

Dear Miss [redacted],

Your sighting of April 22, 1963 (reported June 20th) was the subject of an investigation by the Air Force.

Material on unidentified aerial phenomena is enclosed for your information.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information
Office of Information

- page 5 -

