Here is the text I can read from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: Fall 1963

2. LOCATION: Thaxton, Virginia

3. SOURCE: [text is partially illegible]

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: [text is illegible]

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: [text is illegible]

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: [text is partially visible, looks like "Nocturnal"]

7. COURSE: [text is illegible]

8. PHOTOS: ☐ Yes ☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: ☐ Yes ☒ No

10. CONCLUSION: [text is partially illegible]

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: [partial text visible, but mostly illegible]

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) [text at bottom of form]


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

East of me, and 15 miles south of the air force
& Radior station on apple orchard mountain, and I
was about 20 miles south of it. For some
reason I had no desire to mention it to any-
one & itself, in fact the whole thing left me
with a feeling of great fear. During that time the
atmosphere seemed to a fog of temp. despite an eng of pure.

The nearest thing that I ever saw resembling at
all a natural way was when I have seen plaster-
ing clouds of thistle pollen when caught
in an eddy of draft- (draught) rising skyward a
few hundred feet & short obligingly at an
angle in a cross current of air. There must be
many large blossoms across the south west & U.S.
Since then I wonder if some of your reports
and physiological after re-examining & look-
ing at it objectively, I still remain by this report &
have not and will not discuss it with others.

Sincerely,
[Signature area blacked out]
- Page 2 -


- page 2 -

THAXTON, VA FALL 63

CASE INCLUDES ONE (1)

ENVELOP OF THISTLE BLOOMS


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

THAXTON, VA.

U.S. Air Force
U. F. O., Unidentified Flying Objects
c/o THE PENTAGON
Washington
D. C.


- page 4 -

9 December 1964

Dear [redacted]

Your observation of floating thistle blooms is an interesting case, and it falls into the general category of valuations of "general angel hair".

Similar observations which have been reported on many occasions included migrating spider web, rayon residue from chemical plant kilns, and several silver halides from cloud seeding operations. All three of these phenomena appear in the same manner which you described in your sighting during the latter part of the Fall of 1963.

The Air Force appreciates your contributions to this program and will add this unique observation to the various causes of unidentified flying object reports.

Sincerely,

MASON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Chief, Historical Branch
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
Thaxton, Virginia


- page 5 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEV                                                                   2 Dec 64
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, Fall of 1963, Thaxton, Virginia

TO: HQ USAF SATOI PB
    Wash D C 20330

This office is in receipt of a letter from
Thaxton, Virginia, providing information on a sighting of his
in the Fall of 1963. The following is a suggested reply:

Dear [redacted]

Your observation of floating thistle blooms is indeed an
• interesting case and it falls into the general category of
evaluations of reported "angel hair".

Similar observations which have been reported on many
occasions included migrating spider web, rayon residue from broken
chemical plant filters and several silver halides from cloud seeding operations. All three of these phenomena appear in the same
manner which you described in your sighting during the latter
part of the Fall of 1963.

The Air Force appreciates your contributions to this program
• and will add this unusual observation to the various cases of
unidentified flying objects.

Also, it is unusual for most private citizens to have a feeling
for the relationship of sizes and their distances of the objects which
they report. This is just one of the many problems which confront
the scientists and specialists who evaluate the UFO reports. Again,
we wish to express our appreciation for an excellent report.

Sincerely,

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of Colonel Eric T. Jorgensen]
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

[Bottom of page: "YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!"]


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

U.S. Airforce
U.F.O. Unidentified Flying Objects
The Pentagon, Washington, D.C.

Nov. 25, 1964

My dear Sir,

During recent years where our citizens became
U.F.O.'s happy, its my theory that they suddenly
became conscious of looking sky-ward, and
saw varied objects which had previously been
un-noted.

During the late Fall in 1963, I noted things glittering
in the air about 100 or more feet above me, &
then carefully checking & discovered to be
the petals of the bloom of the thistle, a prickly, weedy
wild. This was a cool, clear sky day & as the same
bright light made them glittery in the air, and from
different angles they appeared large & the wind were
made them zoom in different directions & at
great distance in the sky. Finally I 9 at first
was certain that I had seen an U.F.O., and since
I still observing was able to identify some not
down the large, which could have been about
one hundred feet at the point and away.

- Precursor of 2.


- page 7 -

Page 2 of 2

It is my belief that due to the clear, bright day, with a very slow breeze, the petals from the bloom getting caught in different cross-winds or currents of air, and by seeing them from different angles that they shined & appeared just like large silvery objects at a great distance. It absolutely had me fooled until I was able to see some of those blooms less than fifty feet away.

I am enclosing two sets of blooms & perhaps if dried-thoroughly & thrown into the air in a large well lit room and with the aid of electric fans you may get the same picture which I saw.

Should this prove what I have in my yard-ing the U.F.O. story, I would appreciate having a reply on your findings.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature location is blacked out]
Virginia


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Hq 4th Air Force
Captain M. Jacobwitz, USAF
Chief, Doc. Branch, SAFOI-68
Washington, D.C.

Thaxton, Virginia
Dec 22, 1964

My dear Sir:

In reference to your letter dated 12-24-64 I wish to make the following comments:

I am 60, retired 11½ years Army Eng., 24 years Dept. of Agriculture, now in the hills 20 miles south of the Air Force Radar Station on Apple Orchard Inlet, which is 20 miles north of the Town of Belford.

Three nights ago, Air Force satellites over my farm land. That's just finished according to an U.F.O.'s article in TRUE magazine this week, by Lt. Maj. Donald E. Keyhoe, USMC.

In reference to the first thing that I saw, what I saw was a bright star rocket in clear sky that night, I observed it at a distance 10 miles out in the sky that I sighted the U.F.O., I was definitely near roof-30 x 30 feet, in diameter, at the time of this happening I found myself going sky-nitely, I noticed a complete pattern almost immediately of tiny, glittering objects glittering practically not much there 2-inches in any direction as a diameter.

I definitely know how a soft of hypnotized feeling.

- Page 1 of 2 -


- page 9 -

Department of the Air Force
Hq SAFOI-PB
Washington 25, USAF
RE: SAFOI-PB
Field Printing Branch
Washington 20336
P.G.


- page 10 -

Master M. Jacobs
Major, U.S.A.F.
Chief, P.B. Washington, D.C.

My dear Major:

Re: U.F.O.

My letter of 1-10-65 may be disregarded, because it must have been a large plane, with small wings.

However, my letters of 11-25-64 and 12-22-64 are sincere.

That which I did not report in as follows - on a clear, cool fall day in 1963, I was standing in the sun by my garage, suddenly I felt my eyes being drawn skyward with a hypnotic feeling to an oval, same like thing about 10 o'clock position in the sky, and within 2 seconds it disappeared out of sky lot south - west. It was about 100' diameter, and 12' high. Situated high over Belford, Va. which is 9 miles

- Page 1 of 2 -


- page 11 -

