The image does not appear to contain any photograph. It is a Project 10073 Record Card from Chicago, Illinois dated August 7, 1963.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 7 Aug 63
2. LOCATION: Chicago, Illinois
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1933/0359
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. SOURCE: civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 min
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
9. COURSE: North
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Object resembling a chain of electric light bulbs sighted in flight to North. Red and fuzzy. Two shapes, one like an a/c and then the one that was fuzzy. Changed shape three times.
11. COMMENTS: Investigation by JAH revealed that the object was an a/c towing an advertising light.

- page 1 -

The image contains a newspaper article with the headline "Northbrook Aviator Explains Those 'Mysterious' Lights". The article discusses an employee of Northbrook Aviation Company who reportedly saw several strange lights in the sky over the company's airfield. The article mentions that the lights were observed on several occasions and that the employee, Mr. Burmeister, made observations and provided an explanation for the phenomenon.

Northbrook Aviator Explains
Those 'Mysterious' Lights

"Strange lights" reportedly seen over the Northbrook Aviation Company's airfield were explained by an employee of the company.

Mr. Burmeister, an employee of the Northbrook Aviation Company, reported that he has observed several "strange lights" over the airfield on eight different nights.

"Unless the viewer is directly in front of the lights, they appear to be hovering in the distance. But when the viewer gets in front of them, they seem to be receding across the sky," Mr. Burmeister said.

Mr. Burmeister's explanation is that the lights are the landing lights of aircraft coming in to land at the Northbrook airfield. He says that from certain angles, the landing lights can give the impression of hovering or stationary lights in the sky.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which includes various fields for recording information about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 8 AUG 63
2. LOCATION: Chicago, Illinois
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: DAY 09/01/62
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: one hr
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Reported to be stationary. Described as a floating colored light, red on top and green on bottom with 7 or 8 points. Located at the same location as the moon(?) Observed with field glasses. Sky hazy. No wind.
9. CONCLUSIONS: Possibly Balloon
10. COURSE: Stationary
11. COMMENTS: Sighting indicates a possible astronomical observation. Reported data furnished is confusing. Observed in the North between the Moon and the North Star. Moon is at 23.14 height on the horizon in the past at the reported time. No bright astro body is in the area reported. Aurora displays were common during the early days of the month. Insufficient data presented to substantiate this analysis.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

COMBAT READINESS TRAINING OPERATIONS
6TH BOMB GROUP CAPTAINS SQUADRON, MEDIUM (RESERVE)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
O'HARE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
CHICAGO 66, ILLINOIS

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: GRT

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: Air Force Systems Command
Foreign Technology Division
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. The following information as outlined in Paragraph 15, AFR 200-2, is submitted for your information:

a. Description of the Object(s):
1. Flashing colored lights, red on 1. 0920 to 0930, 6 August 1963
2. Ditto, same on top u/approx 2. 
3. Course of Objects: Stationary.
4. Size of Objects: Unknown.
5. Number of Objects: 1.
6.

b. Description of Course of Objects:
1. Due North of location of observer, about same location as observer, and between moon and horizon.
2. Appears to be stationary.

c. Manner of Observation:
1. Naked eye and field glasses.

d. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. 0920 to 0930, 6 August 1963
2.
3.

THOMAS A. HILGUST
Base Operations Officer

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 9 August 1963
2. LOCATION: Chicago, Illinois
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2235
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: D Ground-Radar
5. SOURCE: D Ground-Radar
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: not reported
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Letter to Dr J Allen Hynek describing a sighting of a UFO. Drawing of object gave all indications of an n/c moving in erratic maneuvers.
9. CONCLUSIONS: D Insufficient Data for Evaluation

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document or text. The text appears to be a written account or description, though I cannot identify any specific individuals mentioned.

As requested, here is the OCR output of the text in the document:

the trace was it
they came to within 300 feet and
seemed to be hovering on a steady course they
when the trees came into view the object seemed
to be at an altitude of about 1,000 feet and
was moving at about 600 mph it appeared
to be about 30 feet in diameter and
shaped like a dome or saucer when the
object came over the trees i could not
see any lights or windows or
protrusions it just looked like a
solid object it made no sound at all
and did not leave any trail or vapor
it just disappeared behind the trees

- page 6 -

The image contains a sketch or drawing of what appears to be some kind of flying object or UFO. The drawing depicts a saucer-shaped object with a grid-like pattern on its surface. There is handwritten text above the drawing that says "For day to to".

As requested, here is the output of the text found in the document:

Friday to;55 all right

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REQUEST FOR UFO INFORMATION (ROUTINE)

TO: HQ USAF SAF-OIPR (Mrs Geiser)
Wash 25 D C

1. Reference the attached letter from Mrs. (redacted), dated 11 Aug 63, requesting information on an unidentified object. Records indicate no previous correspondence from Mrs. (redacted).

2. The attached letter is a suggested reply to Mrs. (redacted) letter.

FOR THE COMMANDER

1. Action:
(redacted), 17 Aug 63
2. Suggested Reply

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, specifically a letter from the Foreign Technology Division of the Air Force Systems Command at the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio.

The text in the document is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 62t

SUBJECT: UFO Information

TO: Mrs. [redacted]
CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, 60609

Dear Mrs. [redacted],

Capt. J. Allen Hynek has forwarded to us your letter of 11 Aug 63, regarding an object that you sighted on Friday, 9 Aug 63.

In all probability the object which you observed is an aircraft, towing an experimental advertising sign.

Sincerely,

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a letter or document from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

November 5, 1963

Dear Mrs. ______,

Dr. J. Allen Hynek has forwarded to us your letter dated 10 August 1963, regarding the object which you observed was an aircraft towing an advertising sign.

In all probability, the object which you observed was an aircraft towing an advertising sign.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mrs. ________
Chicago, Illinois 60603

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a typed text document or report. The text in the document is as follows:

Northwestern Airlines Lights
August 13, 1963

"Strange lights" reportedly 4 to 8 in number, approximately 15,000 ft. and moving at high speed, were observed by the crew of Northwestern Airlines Flight 263 going from Chicago to Denver. The crew stated they were moving faster than a plane behind a plane [sic] near Chicago. 

The crew reported seeing the lights at 8:45 p.m. as they were cruising at 15,000 ft. The pilot stated the lights were flashing and white in color. The flight engineer reported they were very fast, traveling at an estimated speed of 1700 mph. The pilot said they were very high and traveling at tremendous speed. The pilot said they were in view for about 20 seconds. The pilot also said the lights he saw were not aircraft lights, and he does not believe they were stars or planets.

This report is supported by Mr. Alexander, the flight navigator, who stated he also saw the lights.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document titled "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" which seems to be a questionnaire or report form related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We assure this personal information as that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 7 Mar 1963
2. Time of day: 3 Hour 30 Minutes AM or PM: A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Chicago, Illinois
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Fairly certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? Day: Clear Night: Bright
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) b. In back of you

The text in the document has been transcribed as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We assure this personal information as that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 7 Mar 1963
2. Time of day: 3 Hour 30 Minutes AM or PM: A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Chicago, Illinois
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Fairly certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? Day: Clear Night: Bright
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) b. In back of you

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

Now, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. Dark or pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Scattered clouds
c. Thick or heavy clouds
d. Don't remember
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Light wind
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
11.1 Appears brightness is some common object.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Well defined
b. Blurred or fuzzy
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Move? YES NO Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES NO Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES NO Don't know
d. Change brightness? YES NO Don't know
e. Change shape? YES NO Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? YES NO Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know

- page 13 -

The image shows a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page, only handwritten text and a hand-drawn sketch.

The text found in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
The object seemed to move in a straight path until it disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)
Yes    No    Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) 
Yes    No    Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what:
The object stayed my height and moved slowly off to the east. 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Noise or flash of light as a rocket.
b. Color - Bright light with a tail.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the head of the match?
Circular - small part.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details or the object such as wings, protrusions, etc., and indicate on the sketch the direction the object was moving.
[Hand-drawn sketch showing an object with a tail moving from the left to the right]

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the reported UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No The length of the city block away

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoor d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeballs Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a drawing of the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw:
It was a solid bright light with a red tail and a white tail. It traveled across the sky in one second and the tail was about 1/2 the length of the object. The object was quite high up and traveling north.

- page 15 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It shows a diagram with a compass and instructions for the observer to draw the movement of the observed object or objects.

OCR Text:
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you had seen the object or objects appearing at a certain line (in the sky) when you first saw it. Place the objects in this line, high or low, and show how they changed position (dotted line) when you last saw the object(s). These are called plots of the sightings.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, or track, of the object or objects, and show any change in direction during the course.
29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were travelling.

(Handwritten text in the image)
Merely on object I watched: 4 which changed shope sharpingly over time.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

     I have never experienced anything like this before.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes  No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes  No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.

     My two daughters.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME:        First Name            Middle Name                 Last Name
ADDRESS:    Street                 City                        State           Zip Code
TELEPHONE NUMBER:                  AGE: 34     SEX: Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

     I have never had any experiences like this before and am quite frightened by what I saw. This was a very strange and unexplained object in the sky that I do not know what to make of.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
   Day: 8     Month: 8     Year: 1963

     I reported this to your office.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

Transcribed text:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 6 Aug, 1963

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

After the proper object had apparently maneuvered overhead, it glanced or angled downward, maintaining a steady course and altitude. It then pulled away rather suddenly and slowly moved off to the northwest, gradually climbing higher. The object was lighted, metallic in appearance and was featureless or entirely smooth. At times it seemed to pulsate or throbb in a manner that was neither uniform nor constant. When first observed, there was no doubt in my mind that the object was extraordinary and wholly unlike any aircraft or missile with which I am familiar. I am completely convinced that the object was not of conventional origin, nor was it caused by any of the celestial bodies nor atmospheric phenomena and that it presents an unexplained mystery which deserves further investigation. At all times, the object, although unusual and perplexing, appeared to be under intelligent control or guidance. My sighting lasted approximately 3-4 minutes. If at any time clarification or elaboration of these comments is required, I would be pleased to assist in whatever manner possible.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten page from an old UFO report document. The text appears to describe some kind of observation or encounter with a strange light or object in the sky. The text discusses the object's movements, size, and characteristics, and mentions that it was "a strange light behind the trees" and that "there was a surge of light behind it". The text also mentions that the observers were "helping with high altitude research".

The text found in the document is as follows:

"To Whom It may concern. There was no photograph attached - a light that appeared to the right, 9 o'clock position. At first it appeared low. But after 3-5 min. It came toward us. It broke into a handful of lights - evening downtown. There was a surge of light behind it - about three times the size of the original. The lights separated slightly - then reconverged. It turned slightly to the right and disappeared. The lights were a bright yellow, no flashing or colored lights were observed. The object did not block the stars. This event lasted about 2-3 minutes. Observers were helping with high altitude research. Did a sighting occur to the east on this night?"

Chicago:    DR 3      

Robert Hightower.

- page 19 -

