PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
11 Oct 1963

2. LOCATION
Venado Tuerto, Santa Fe, Argentina

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 21:30

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
---

9. COURSE
---

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Translation of alleged sightings of saucer landing and little men.

11. COMMENTS
Insufficient data. Sighting not investigated by AF. Report indirect from Argentina. Investigation not feasible.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

m16.

Yo me aproximaba ellas se retiraban. Cada 400 ó 500 metros otra
vez se podia firme estando a unos 200 metros de alli, por la calle
, se me aparecieron cuatro seres humanos, ó lo que sean siguiendo
la misma direccion que yo. Yo los hablaba, haciendole todo clases de
preguntas y procuraba, pero nada respondia. Uno de ellos se iba
aproximando demasiado en los 50 ó 60 metros que marchaban al lado mio.

Entonces al notar que el que se me aproxima tenia algo asi
como un infinito en la mano, tuvo miedo que no le pasara en la cabeza
y le dispará un tiro. Pero... solo note como si una sombra hubiese
caido para atras.- Los otros siguieron sus pasos nada y se retiraron.
Tenia una altura de unos 2 metros como minimo y una especie de coraza
de yeso. Su vestidura al ser alumbrada por el vehiculo iluminada a su
alrededor como cinzuelas.

Nuevamente tuve la luz encima otra vez. Yo me cubria como siempre le cara con la mante hecha un bulto y asi estuvimos los dos parados
a unos 5 metros de distancia, cerca de un arbusto. En ese momento ya
apago y vi pasar por una vez el vehiculo grande, pero con los dos faroles
rojos apagados y sin luz en las verandillas.-

Asi pude llegar al pueblo de Monte Maiz (Cba.), enfocado de vez en
cuando por las luces y principalmente por la azul que no me dejo hasta
llegar al mismo. Si bien no me extraño ni nada, pero ya que
desde "arriba" dirigian todo lo demas. Luego llegue al pueblo y pregunte
a una persona donde estaba la comisaria, ya que yo no lo conocia.-
EUGENIO DOUGLAS

PREGUNTAS ADICIONALES:

Preg.1.- Llevaban algo en la cabeza?.-
Resp.1.- SI COMO UNA ESPECIE DE CASCO Ó GALERA BRILLANTE A LA LUZ.-

Preg.1.- Cuantas ventanillas tenian los objetos?.-
Resp.1.- SOLO SE VI AL VEHICULO MAS GRANDE, TENIA DOS, DE UNOS 70 cms.?

Preg.1.- Como eran esos seres?.-
Resp.1.- IGUAL QUE NOSOTROS. MOVIAN LOS BRAZOS IGUAL.-

Preg.1.- Donde le quemaron los rayos ó luces rojas?.-
Resp.1.- EN LOS POCOS, ME HACIAN ARDER LOS OJOS. VI UN POCO NUBLADO TRES
Ó CUATRO DIAS, PERO DESPUES SE ME PASO.-

Preg.1.- Noto algo "raro" en ellos?.-
Resp.1.- QUE TODOS ERAN A MENOS DE LA MISMA ALTURA. Y QUE EN NINGUN
MOMENTO HABLARON. ADEMAS USABAN UNA VESTIMENTA DISTINTA A LA
NUESTRA.-

Preg.1.- De que color eran los objetos?.-
Resp.1.- EL PRIMERO QUE VI ERA BLANCO Y EL SEGUNDO, Ó ERA MAS GRANDE,
ERA DE COLOR MADERA.-

Preg.1.- Antes de esto habia oido hablar y creia en los "platos voladores".-
Resp.1.- ALGUNA VEZ VI HABLAR DE ELLO, PERO NUNCA MI INTERES, NI JAMAS
CREI EN ELLO.-


- page 2 -

Of our greatest consideration:

It is a great pleasure to direct ourselves to you with the aim of collaborating in clearing up the mystery that surrounds non-identified flying objects, which science we call "Xosphaerologia" which literally means "the study of Foreign Air Phenomenons", we dedicate with eagerness, sending you for your study the following/attached pamphlet --

It concerns an event which was registered in 1963, in which several factors instigated an exhaustive investigation on the part of C.E.M., to analyze the corresponding details of the above mentioned.--

We would appreciate it if your department could send us some recent, important cases and also authorize photographs for our file.--

We would also appreciate your opinion of the "flying saucers" and especially in this case which we send you.

Awaiting your reply, we are pleased to cordially great you,

P.S. We also express our sorrow and grief for the trecherous death of the great american, who in life was President of your appreciated country, Mr. John F. Kennedy.

Sincerely

[Signature is blacked out]


- page 3 -

Douglas Case - 1963

Testimony of the truck driver, who lives in the city of Venado Tuerto, Chile Street corner of Los Andes, Province of Santa Fe, Republic of Argentina. This person was sent to C.E.M.

"To be known, in order to be brief; I, on the 11 of Oct. 1963, took the cross-roads from Chabon towards Cavanas, where I was to unload the carbon I carried in my 1956 Ford, having to pass many little "pueblos" to get to the latter. I noticed it was sprinkling and that it was getting dark, what with the truck in bad condition I decided to spend the night in Wenceslao Escalante . (Cba.)

But not finding a room in any hotel I undertook the trip once more flooring the accelerator in order to arrive at Cavanas. After crossing through Monte Maiz with only about 7 kilometers to Isla Verde I saw small red lights. Thinking that it was a stopped/parked vehicle I switched my lights on and off, but I did not get any answer. Advancing about 15 to 20 meters, which I cannot swear to be correct, the above mentioned lights gave out a flash, cutting off my current completely, for which reason my motor stopped dead.

I cannot give the precise time that transcoured after I got over the initial shock, I got out of the car, right side, observing what looked like a car but I did not see anything. I then tried to start my truck and tried the lights, but neither worked. I tried to find the trouble produced by the shock and noticed that the front axle was twisted and it was impossible to continue the trip. If it had only been the lights and the fuses there wouldn't have been too much of a problem for me.

At this time I took out a blanket and my .38 caliber short out of its holster.

I waited to see if a car would come in any direction that would take me to the nearest town. It was at this time that I noticed a glare coming from the direction


- page 4 -

of Isla Verde that looked like an approaching car on the street that ran parallel to the one where I stood and was separated from my street by railroad tracks.

I was going to shout, thinking it was a farmer who had an entrance there, but at about 40 or 50 meters I observed two people walking illuminated by the lights of the vehicle, their clothes as the lights of the vehicle made me a bit suspicious.

I note here that up to this moment I had not felt the slightest bit of fear, but the shock was so great when the vehicle turned off its lights and I couldn't see the vehicle nor the people that I became frightened, all at once I saw a light that was very near me and was coming towards me. The light was red. It didn't glare powerful but gave off these very fine rays of light. There was a certain smell of gas that made my face and eyes sting. On the other hand it made a small sound which I couldn't find similar to anything. The light came upon me, I surrendered and spoke to it as I walked away from it backwards to the side of the trunk of the truck.

My knees gave way. Fear had overtaken me. I asked God to help me and when it was at more or less a meter away from me I took my revolver out of its holster and fired a shot at the light. It made a sound as if steel has been rubbed against a piece of emery. The "light" gave out a sound, like the rapid braking of a car and went backwards a few meters. It took a blue light appearance and took off in at a high rate of speed forward, illuminating upward. I fired another shot at the crossroads and went into the field looking for shelter in an top of a small hill that I had previously noticed when I had first stopped the truck.--

When I had calculated that I was near the hill I shouted "Farmer"............

the hill as I was later able to prove that the hill was only a small cluster of trees...........

From the hill two red lights appeared, that were more like mirrors than lights because they didn't illuminate rather they traced and reflected my steps. Then in my desperation I sought Isla Verde but the blue light which I had seen previously


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

illuminated me once more.I wasn't able,due to my excited state to observe the fact that the light came from above or below.

I turned and started walking in the opposite direction, by this time confusing fear had its grasp on me and I started walking towards the open field when I cut my hand on a piece of wire.I crossed through a plowed field then through a sowed field.I was very tired.All of a sudden I noticed a red light in front of me and when I moved it moved with me.I decided to move towards it.It stopped in one place and didn't move any more.It looked like a mirror as it wasn't illuminated but reflected my steps.When I was about 10 meters away it turned off and became dark.

On the right side of me at about rib level a vineyard shaped vehicle was giving off a blue light.It started up one or more motors,that made sounds similar to those of a diesel/engine.It was approximately 8 meters in diameter and 3 meters high.I noticed two small windows out of which blue light was coming.They were 60 to 30 centimeters high and long and they were about 1 or more meters separated.I saw someone move inside ,but I didn't see legs,or faces, just a body type form.

I thought that they had left for good,as it moved and disappeared.

I looked around trying to orientate myself,walking towards the highway in order to arrive at atown always looking around and searching all directions, but ...... those little lights never left me.They appeared to be inter-exchanging signals and the red light was once more in front of me. I approached and they retracted. Every 100 or 500 meters it would stop. About 200 meters from the object on the street 4 human beings or whatever they were appeared walking in the same direction as I, I spoke to them ,asking them all kinds of questions and propositions,but nobody answered.One of them came up very close to me in the 50 or 60 meters they walked beside me.

Noticing that he came closer I noticed triangular object in his hand,I was afraid he would place it on my head and I fired a shot. But ............. all I noticed was as if a shadow had fallen backwards.The others kept on for a


- page 6 -

few more paces then they turned around and returned. They were about 2 meters tall as a medium, and some sort of plaster type armor. Their uniform when it was illuminated by the vehicle's lights seemed to give off sparks.

Once more I had the light on top of me. I covered my face once again with the rolled up blanket, and in this manner we were face to face at a distance of about 5 meters for almost a minute. In that moment the small object darkened and I saw the large vehicle pass overhead with the two red beams on and no lights in the windows.

In this manner I was able to get to the city of Monte Maiz enfocused from time to time by the lights and especially by the blue light that didn't leave me until I had reached the city. It didn't glare at me face to face at any time, it seemed to come from above. When I arrived at the city I asked the first person I met where the police station was since I didn't know.

Additional Questions:

Question: Did they have anything on their heads?
Answer: Yes, like a helmet and it was shiny in the light.

Question: How many windows did the objects have?
Answer: I only saw windows in the big object. It had two about 70 centimeters.

Question: What were the human beings like?
Answer: The same as us. They moved their arms like we do.

Question: Where did the rays and the red lights burn you?
Answer: On the cheeks. They made my eyes sting. My sight was a little cloudy for 3 or 4 days then I got over it.

Question: Did you notice anything strange in those humans?
Answer: That they were all more or less the same stature. And they never spoke. And they wore a different dress than ours.

Question: What color were the objects?
Answer: The first one was white. The second one which was bigger was wood color.


- page 7 -

the episodes about which he had some certainty . When he explained that the beings didn't seem to support themselves by leaning towards the ground he didn't invent anything to justify this.

Question: Was there any time that he was confused?

Answer: There was reported about 2 or 3 hours from midnight till he arrived at the police station that he was confused. He explained that the red lights (the intensity of) confused him extraordinarily. He didn't know where he was or what he was doing.

Police Report:

The following day it was proved that the truck was at the indicated place [redacted] spoke of and his footprints through the field were found.


- page 8 -

February 12, 1964

Dear [redacted] and [redacted]:

This is in reply to your letter of January 15, 1964, in which you were kind enough to send the Air Force the report of a sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object by [redacted] in Argentina.

While this report has been of great interest to the Air Force, it has believed not feasible to initiate an investigation due to the length of time that has passed since the sighting. This is also because of the expense involved in conducting a field investigation.

In order to make an evaluation of a report such as this one, it would be necessary to have scientific data such as description or size of object, shape or color, direction and elevation, exact time and particular value, any corresponding information from an additional witness or witnesses. Previous investigations by the Air Force of cases similar to this one have never resulted in any scientific or physical proof that contact had actually been made with beings from outer space.

Enclosed is a brochure which lists several of the 1963 reports which were investigated by the Air Force. There are no photographs available for release on this subject.

We appreciate your sending this case to the Air Force, and it will be carried in the Air Force files with an evaluation of "Unidentified Data."

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

1 Attachment

Directores del C.S.M.
San Vicente, Argentina


- page 9 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEM

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting (Santa Fe, Argentina)

TO: Hq USAF SAFOI-FB (Chf)
WASH 25 D C

1. Reference the attached letter from [redacted] and [redacted] to assist you in a reply to them regarding an alleged sighting of a saucer by a [redacted] and his contacts with its inhabitants.

2. The sighting has been reported to us indirectly and therefore the information presented is, at best, second hand. We do not feel that this case should be investigated due to the delay in receipt of the report and the expense involved in conducting a field investigation. However, the case will be carried in the Air Force files with an evaluation of "Insufficient Data" due to probable distortion of basic facts in the case.

3. It is not our desire or intent to offend or ridicule [redacted] and [redacted] sincere report of [redacted] sighting. In your reply please express our appreciation for their forwarding of the report.

4. Our opinion, not for release, is that this case follows a pattern of previous cases of an alleged contact with assumed being from outer space. All such reports have failed to produce any evidence of their actual occurrence. The general tone of [redacted] story indicates a possible hallucination since he apparently is convinced that the occurrence was real and no evidence of a hoax is presented. However, psychiatric examination would be necessary to confirm or refute this theory. Also it is possible that [redacted] or his car became bent and temporarily placed him in a dazed condition.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

1 Atch
Ltr


- page 10 -

San Vicente, Enero 15 de 1964

Sres.-
Project Blue Book Information Officer
Hq USAF (SAF-OIEB) - The Pentagon
WASHINGTON 25, D.C. (EE.UU)

De nuestra mayor consideración:

Es un grato placer dirigimos a Ud.(s) con el fin a colaborar en el esclarecimiento de el misterio que rodea a los objetos volantes no identificados, cuya ciencia a la cual denominamos Kosmogenelogia y que en sintesis quiere decir: "Estudio de los Extraños Fenómenos Aereos", nos dedicamos con ahinco, remitiendo por el estudio el relato siguiente.-

Se trata de un hecho registrado en 1963, donde diversos factores determinaron una investigación exhaustiva por parte del C.E.M., para analizar los correspondientes detalles sobre el mismo.-

Sería nuestro deseo que dicho departamento nos remitiese a vuelta de correo algunos casos fotográficos autorizadas para nuestro archivo.-

Nos agradaría también saber la opinión de ese proyecto con respecto a los "platillos voladores" y en especial sobre el caso que remitimos a su consideración.-

Esperando sus prontas noticias, nos place saludados muy atte.-

SS.SS.Ss.

(DIRECTORES DEL C.E.M.)


- page 11 -

NOTA: Vaya adjunto, nuestro pesar por la muerte tan alevosa y gran americanista, quien fuera en vida el presidente de su apreciado país, Sr. JOHN F. KENNEDY.-

Sinceramente


- page 12 -

NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY
SAUCER NEWS, VOL II, NO. 56

19 OCT 63
ARGENTINA

LANDING IN ARGENTINA: From our special correspondent in Argentina, we learn that according to flight saucer news 1963 issues of SAUCER NEWS for this country. (See the December 1962 and March 1963 issues)

The latest case involves truck driver who, on October 19th, told police the following story, which we have translated:

"I was driving my truck to Isla Verde when a luminous object - apparently a passenger - surrounded by a light of blinding brilliance, came near me. Three very tall beings, dressed in strange clothes and carrying some vehicle of weapons, came down out of it toward me. I lost control of my vehicle and drove into a ditch, but I finally got back onto the road and kept driving at high speed. The three beings kept coming after me. A blinding red and a half, and shot out a gas which burned me for about a mile and a half, which suddenly stopped the persecution.

The article goes on to say that the doctors who examined him had indeed been burned, but they were not able to find the cause of the burns."


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

"CASO DUEÑAS" - AÑO 1962

Relato del senderero, domiciliado en la ciudad de Venado Tuerto (en calle Chile esquina Los Andes), Provincia de Santa Fe, República Argentina, que fuera en horas de la noche.

"A efecto, para ser más breve; Y en día 14 de Octubre del año, siendo las 21 hs., tuve el encuentro desde la localidad de Gral. Gelvez (Prov. Córdoba) con el Jefe de Estación (Sra. Elvira Gómez de Perrig - 1935) teniendo varias yeguas por cada orilla de la ruta. Al hablar con ella, me dijo al ayer que llevaba un caballo (...)

La marcha prestando al conductor, a fin de poder llegar a Venado Tuerto de cruzar la población de norte más (Sra.) y saltando unos 7 kilómetros, para en Tala Verde (Dpto.) Marcos Paz, donde se encontraba mi actual estado, debo dos magníficas luces rojas. Y otra, otra que era algo que estaba parada, solas salen con las luces, poco nada respecto. Al aproximarse a unos 15 ó 20 metros, como que un caballo negro, atento a los hechos hicieron así como un fogonero, cortando la corriente, algo, algo... por lo cual se paró el motor.

La extraña que José Trevisán de las luces se apareció, yo sentí en un tirón en todo el cuerpo, por lo que vi obligado a abandonar el volante, tratando de cruzar el camino contra la banquina del lado derecho.

Dada la posición opuesta en que llevaba las grandes dimensiones de mi camión y las luces, creo no vi más nada. Entonces quedé al parecer del desaprensivo producido por el ataque. Note que tenía al eje delantero parado... por la parte de abajo. Si salto se aislaba tratando la corriente y los fusibles no sería posible, por fin, y dos o tres momentos que pasé la mano y saque el revólver, calibre 38 corto.

Queda pues asegurado que viajaba al fin cerca de un lado u otro de un camión... en un trujillo. Fue en esos instantes cuando observé que el lado de Tala Verde (Dpto.) al N. Oeste, como para unos 400 de la otra orilla, aquel cuerpo parecía a 1. que estaba yo, dividido en dos.

Iba a gritar, creyendo que era un alma en tránsito, mas observé... observé que otros 6 ó 7 metros había dos cuerpos caminando... con la luz de un foco, en varias partes del cuerpo, con una "Gola" en hicieron algo a...


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Hago notar que hasta el momento no habia sentido en mi, ni el minimo panico posible, pero que a 1. a. aparecio cuando las luces del vehiculo se apagaron y vi que no habia nadie en el campo. - De pronto vi una luz muy cerca mi vista es dificil me hacia dentro carretera yo. - Luego mis ojos y la cara. Agache la vista un poco, quedando como si me quedara paralizado, y no se que signific6. Sabia que me senti extrafio, yo mismo no podia explicarme. - Luego vi a lo lejos la poblacion de Venado Tuerto. - A 1 kilometro de distancia de la Ruta 8, salio un hecho extraordinario de mi vida. - El Disco volador se desplazo a gran velocidad hacia mi. - Cuando estaba a unos 50 metros, tomo una gran velocidad hacia mi lado y salio a gran velocidad hacia adelante, desapareciendo medio en mi norte que habia alcanzado a divisar en otro radio no habia quedado preocupacion.

Cuando el aparato que estaba cerca del monte, grito "Gilberto"... y de norte segun guela luego con robar yo al otro lado, eran unos arboles.

De ahi aparecieron dos luces rojas, que mas bien parecian algo como un alumbrado, sino que se acercaban mis pesos. Estuvieron un rato, como 3 o 4 minutos. - Yo vivia a limitar. No pude agredir, tal vez por la exitacion, si provecho dado 6 de animo.

Por lo que yo vi, resulta sentirlo contrario, y medio herido a un alambre que me lleve por delante. Cosas sin base una teoria, y luego una luz roja, aislada. Para el lado que nevi estaba la herida igual. Decidi seguir nada mas. "Otro tanto".

Parece como si hubiera algo que no alumbraba, sino que era algo mas, algo raro. Cuando y faltaban unos 10 metros, para llegar casi...

A los 10 metros, pero a un costado vi un contacto con una luz azul y de un tamaño a forma de bombilla de vidrio. Este aparato estaba a 1 metro. - Cuando vi esto, me quede paralizado del taquicardil. Tenia unos 8 metros de diametro por unos 3 o 4 metros de altura. Salio por las cuales del lado que yo estaba. - No habia nadie.

The text appears to be in Spanish and describes an encounter with an unidentified flying object (UFO) near Venado Tuerto, Argentina.


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

INFORME DE UN TESTIGO: El Sr. Mateo Mecchio, que viajab en un automovil a esa hora, vio una luz blanca que lo encegueció por un momento...

INFORME DE LA USINA ELECTRICA DE MONTE MAIZ: Personal que a la hora en que el camionero Douglas se encontraba de servicio, asegura que los motores fueron disminuyendo su potencia, lo que gravitó en las luces que se visitaron de un color amarillento. Luego, el pesar algunos minutos se restableció todo a lo normalidad.

INFORME MEDICO: Preguntas formuladas el Dr. Francisco G. Dávales, médico cirujano. Matrícula 615. MONTE MAIZ. (Pcia.Córdoba).-

*Pregunta*.- Cuando atendió Ud. al Sr. Douglas?.-
Resp.- EL CAMIONERO DOUGLAS SE PRESENTO EN MI CONSULTORIO, ACOMPAÑADO POR SU SRA. OFELIA DE FECHA 12 DE OCTUBRE DE 1963.-
D: 1963. YA ESTABA TRANQUILIZADO Y SE COMPORTO NORMALMENTE.-

Preguntas.- En que parte tenía lesiones?.-
Resp.- SOLAMENTE EN EL ROSTRO.-

Preguntas.- Como era la misma?.-
Resp.- LA MISMA NO RESPONDIO A LAS CARACTERISTICAS DE LAS QUEMADURAS CORRIENTES POR AGENTES FISICOS O QUIMICOS CONOCIDOS. ERA UNA LESION RESILENTE, ERITEMATOSA, CON DISCRETA INFILTRACION Y EDEMA LIGERO EN 3 PARTES DEL CUERPO. HABIA INYECCION CONJUNTIVAL.-

Preguntas.- Como era su estado mental?.-
Resp.- EL ESTADO MENTAL ERA BUENO. RAZONABLE PERFECTAMENTE, ESTABA JOCOSAMENTE CON UN ESTADO DE ANIMO NO SE CONTRARIABA.-

Preguntas.- Podía haber estado bebido?.-
Resp.- NO HABIA SINTOMAS DE ALCOHOLISMO AGUDO, NI CRONICO.-

Preguntas.- Que juicio produjo le lesión?.-
Resp.- LA LESION PUDO HABER SIDO PRODUCIDA POR ALGUN GAS O FLUIDO IRRE TATIVO (Sintio mareos en ese momentos) O POR ALGUNA IRRADIACION EXTRAÑA.-

Preguntas.- Cree Ud. que mentaba esa persona?.-
Resp.- EN NINGUN MOMENTO IMPRESIONO COMO SI MINTIERA. AL CONTRARIO, ANTE MIS PREGUNTAS INSISTENTES PARA VER SI SE CONTRADECIA O CAIA EN ALGUN ERROR, SOLO MANTUVO Y CONFIRMO LOS EPISODIOS SOBRE LOS CUALES TENIA ALGUNA SEGURIDAD.-CUANDO EXPLICABA QUE LA PARECIDA QUE ESTOS SERES NO APOYABAN EN EL SUELO, NO DIJO NI INVENTO NADA PARA JUSTIFICARSE.-

Preguntas.- Hubo algún momento de confusión?.-
Resp.- HUBO UN PERIODO DE 2 O 3 HORAS, RECIEN MEDIANTE QUE APARECIO EN EL LOCAL DE COMISARIA QUE SE MANTIENE CONFUSO, EL EXPLICA QUE LA INTENSIDAD DE LA LUZ Y DE LOS RAYOS ROJOS LE CONFUNDIERON Y DESORIENTARON SU FOCO.-

INFORME POLICIAL: Al día siguiente se comprobó que el camión se encontraba en el lugar indicado por el camionero Douglas. Además se halló las huellas por el campo, por donde el hecho ido.-


- page 16 -

