PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
8 August 1963

2. LOCATION
Florida

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local dusk
GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
□ Ground-Visual   □ Ground-Radar
■ Air-Visual     □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
40 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
Parrl'l with plane

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Obj observed out of window on flight from
Wash D.C. to Miami, Fla. Time estimated about
dusk. Observers a/c above clouds. Obj described
as a long bar or strip very red or yellow, rising to yellow on top. Observed for 40 min in
right of plane. Did not change it's position
relative to a/c. Obj disappeared with darkness.
Object surrounded by blue sky. Asked stewardess
to identify. Didn't know thought maybe sunset.

11. COMMENTS
Description in accord with
parabolic observation.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
■ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 164 (REV 21 SEP 51)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) NE Air Line
e. At sea
f. Other _______________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other Countryside, etc

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No    e. Binoculars    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No    f. Telescope    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No    g. Theodolite    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No    h. Other _______________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

[The last section contains handwritten text that is partially illegible]


- page 2 -

27. In the following sketch, Imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. if so give date or dates and location.
No, never

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
asked other stewardess who were to fly a/c know either maybe saw it well maybe they saw the sunrise here in morning else then sunset this to me wasn't any "sunset"

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
[Personal information is redacted/blacked out]

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be relevant:
[Text is partially illegible due to handwriting and image quality]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Text is partially illegible]


- page 4 -

November 20, 1963

Dear Mrs. [redacted]

The sighting of August 8, 1963 which you reported to the Air Force has been identified as parhelia, sometimes called sundogs or mock suns.

Dr. Donald H. Menzel, in his book "The World of Flying Saucers," describes Sundogs as follows:

"Sundogs are another special effect resulting from a peculiar combination of circumstances, and they continue to supply their quote of good UFO reports. Tiny ice crystals floating in a layer of quiet air and reflecting a bright sun are responsible for producing a sundog. A thin layer of such crystals may be invisible to the observer; a thick layer appears as the familiar cirrus clouds. Sunlight filtering through such an ice fog is reflected in each crystal so that a pattern of (and such mock) suns appears in the sky, an image of the sun that sometimes rivals the sun itself in brilliance. These images are called mock suns, sundogs, or parhelia when they accompany the sun (and mock moons, monocolors, or parasensane when they accompany the moon). They appear in the sky at a position given distant from the sun and usually have a trace of red on the edge nearest the sun."

Thank you for reporting this unusual aerial phenomena to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mrs. [redacted]
Miami, Florida 33130


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

September

This little
message
Comes today
To thank you
more
Than words can say.

(inside please)

There is also an illustration of what appears to be a lamp or light fixture with a floral or leafy base, and a smaller floral illustration below it.


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Miami - 36 - Fla. (33130)
March 13, 1964
Dear Master in Jack,

Here I am
answered your letter, dated Feb.
14/62 just 19 mos ill, at the time
still quite family "you" about suffering
8/1963 phenomena, I know
now another
there in Miami? Certainly the
followed my a less similar blast
where near or miles. It was my
breaking that paper heard burning
of course, you can make such note
unfortunately. Other I ask different
things, also I don't want to write
now I'm interested in the fate
have like above explained please more
to see the sun confirmed blaze- more
my just a thinking I just
right some glaring) silence in the
time might God. May I thank you-
yours all of wishing all there is
of you + Blessed Easter.


- page 7 -

February 14, 1964

Dear Mrs.

This is in reply to your letter of February 11, 1964, with further reference to the unusual phenomena you witnessed on August 8, 1963.

In our letter we quoted Dr. Menzel's book "The World of Flying Saucers," in which he explained the "sundogs" phenomena. In describing this phenomena, Dr. Menzel does not intend that there need be clouds. In order for a "sundog" to be visible, his statement was that "a thin layer of ice crystals may be invisible altogether" while a thick layer may resemble cirrus clouds. A moderate amount may result in just such a phenomena as the one you witnessed. Also, "sundogs" appear in various colors of the spectrum and usually, although not always, have a trace of red on the edge nearest the sun.

The phenomena pictured in the photograph you sent was brought about by the high cumulus clouds on that particular evening.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

1 Attachment

Mrs.
Miami 38, Florida


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

the enclosed picture in 3950
the "Marvin Hamlick"
looked something like this
but may not be at there
visent of clipped in right
could this be the kind you are

some as I saw it day
here written before
enjoy the result here it is my
junk is really plentiful here in
full here in general
picture from my mind
"pictures" from formation
of the clouds able here
again thanking you for such a
information letter

Sincerely
(Mrs)

July 11, 1964
Dayton, N. Yacks
be
dated
of plant
November 26
to my thoughts on
to shed such
just occurred possibly
hint attached-
Please
your nice reply
they thank again for
explaining the unusual
aerial phenomenon?

I hope
you will think I am
cultured but these yacks
it not only a trace
of a to on the type near
it the same of yellow rose
that we of junk were the
more hope picks

Note: Some words are difficult to read with complete certainty due to the handwritten nature of the document.


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

up it looked like toward but
up newspheric. long the ridge to
the my speed was toward and
who it started to
fire no log or my
turn it was getting dark. I just
happened to hope out of the car
last on the night side of the
come to make it that I was
after I remember or
then I was a long to
ting my red went to it the
self at the side of then looking
out like you and when I got
now (met closed like then
love possibly told much it would
we being so if it was following
the picture I looked up at it
here at if I was
the Turnout on the turn with
then now with such which
the person of bottom me some
ng done to look at the "Blond
sky may. I think you for
ng after only getting

There is also a decorative floral/vine illustration on the right side of the page.

The text appears to be a handwritten account, though some words are difficult to fully discern due to the handwriting and image quality.


- page 10 -

Sept 9, 1963.

American Space Flying,
Dear Sirs: It is rather difficult
to state this letter but I having
been with the committee for some with
UFO problem. The flying saucer in
the Northwest from Washington the
new four home though it is
28 miles distant, perhaps less. I
can clearly, I think sincerely tell
to my key pictures of what I saw.
There I would (there was) on a few
note of what the panel get the new space


- page 11 -

September 17, 1963

Dear Mrs.

This is in response to your letter of September 9, 1963, in which you reported sighting an unidentified object during a flight to Florida.

Enclosed is a Form FTD 164. Would you kindly complete the questionnaire and forward it directly to the Air Force Systems Command, Foreign Technology Division, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio. A self-addressed envelope is enclosed for your convenience.

Upon completion of the investigation, you will be further advised.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Enclosure

Mrs.
Miami, Florida 33130


- page 12 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give in the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
8   Aug   1963
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of Day: 11:45 Minutes
(Circle One)   Lauderdale   P.M.
               A.M.         Dusk

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern     b. Daylight Saving
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address                 Ft. Lauderdale, Fla.
City or Town                           State or Country

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain        about 2 minutes
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure  d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?   Watching the sky

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
b. In back of you    e. Overhead
c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, 1 Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):    8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                     a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                    b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                     c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember            d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):        WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky                a. Dry
    b. Hazy                     b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Scattered clouds          c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Thick or heavy clouds     d. Snow
                                e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
    a. Solid                    d. As a light
    b. Transparent               e. Don't remember
    c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                 c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                   d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred          e. Other
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                       (Circle One for each question)   Yes   No   Don't know
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?                                 
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?                       
    c. Break up into parts or explode?                                   
    d. Give off smoke?                                                   
    e. Change brightness?                                                
    f. Change shape?                                                     
    g. Flash or flicker?                                                 
    h. Disappear and reappear?                                            


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[Handwritten response appears to be partially illegible]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
It moved behind: [No response]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
In front of: [Partially illegible handwritten response]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: [Handwritten response]
b. Color: [Handwritten response appears to describe color]

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[No response]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Handwritten notes about drawing, partially illegible]


- page 15 -

