Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE : TIME GROUP
December 1963

2. LOCATION
Dixon, Illinois

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
PSYCHOLOGICAL

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Four

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Description of four flying saucers observed at 1245 Ml.
SEE LETTER.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Carbide

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph or document with a complex branching or tree-like pattern on the left side of the page, resembling a detailed scientific or technical diagram or trace. The image has some edge markings and appears to be mounted or framed within a border.


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Sat. Dec. 63

2. Time of day: 12:15
(Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One) a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address is blacked out]
City or Town: DIL
State or County: [illegible]

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
0 Hours 5 Minutes Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess
Close

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
NIGHT
a. Bright
b. Clear O Cloudy 9/10 15°F
c. Bright
d. Cloudy

7. If you saw this object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

Blacked out/Cloud


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text appears to say "Quite Dull"]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and run away at any time?
c. Grow to parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Columns for Yes/No/Don't know are marked for various options]


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
Lowered at 500 ft. Left at 70 mph after bullet

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: After four minutes got up to height

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: Moved in front of some clouds at height 1 mile up

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   Lift   Hum middle note left with clearing to left where?
b. Color   Bright 82

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of its
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 40 ft. at 1 mile

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The document includes a hand-drawn sketch of circular objects with directional arrows]


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Rate down 85

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was? About a city block

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. inside a building
b. in a car
c. Outdoors
d. in an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. in the business section of a city?
b. in the residential section of a city?
c. in open country/side?
d. near an airfield?
e. flying over a city?
f. flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast

c. East
d. Southeast

g. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No

e. Binoculars
f. Telescope
g. Theodolite
h. Other: So to viewer

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The last section contains handwritten text that is partially illegible]


- page 6 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

The image also contains a diagram with a curved line showing angles from 0° to 90°, and a compass rose on the right side.


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:                Day         Month         Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
Dear Sir - to whom it may concern. Since it was to sighting happening, I was sitting at the 3:50 meridian. Since I now sitting I digitals these sauces coming from the south. They were at flying. It was at about 800 ft. altitude, a transport plane flying south east. There a harsh or noise like wind occurred. Accompanying this purple, tilted or leaned 38 degrees 200 yards from them, three after was in present like this. In my top. Slight the fourth lower opposite side. On one I heard it was not a clear from west 1500 ft to 300 ft. at stop about that high. These sauces went into an climb about 70 degrees. They changed shape at rapid speed to spear shape after this, were sitting there color was pearl white in just flight height changed to chrome color. At pause saucer was acting as army tender. It was flying south east about 150 ft. If no they were moving & then not seeing from up there, 0° the American while these people came from 0 they were gravity free they also with their bodies.


- page 8 -

Department of the Air Force
office of the Secretary
United States Air Force
Washington D.C.

Official
Business


- page 9 -

Mrs Hunt/man/SAFOIC/728½/2 Aug 65

AUG -2 1965

MEMORANDUM FOR DIRECTOR OF LEGISLATIVE LIAISON, SAFOS
ATTENTION: Colonel Foe
SUBJECT: UFO

Attached is a draft of a letter to Mrs. of Dixon, Illinois, who requested information on the above subject.

SAFOS action officer is Mrs. Hunt, extension 728½.

GERALD R. JORGENSEN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy Chief
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

1. Atch
Proposed Reply

[The rest of the document contains some partially illegible coordination and routing stamps/signatures]


- page 10 -

Dear Mrs. [redacted]

The President has asked that I reply to your letter regarding "flying saucers."

The investigation of unidentified flying objects reported in the skies over the United States is the responsibility of the Air Force. The name of this project is Blue Book. The current report on this project is attached for your information.

In 18 years of investigating over 9000 reports of unidentified flying objects, the evidence has proved almost conclusively that reported aerial phenomena have been objects either created and sent aloft by man, generated by atmospheric conditions, or caused by celestial bodies or the residue of meteoric activity.

There has never been any evidence that UFOs reported to the Air Force represented extraterrestrial vehicles. No such object reported to the Air Force has given any indication of a threat to the United States nor has any evidence been presented that any unidentified flying object exhibited characteristics beyond the scope of current technical or scientific knowledge.

I am enclosing a copy of PFD Form 164 which is used for reporting serial objects which cannot be identified by the observer to the Air Force. This form should be completed as fully as possible and returned to the following address so that an evaluation of your sighting can be made: Hq USAF (SAFOI/CC), Washington, D. C. 20330.


- page 11 -

The Air Force will continue to investigate all reports of unusual aerial phenomena over the United States. The evaluations and conclusions reached by the Air Force will be released to the public.

Sincerely


- page 12 -

July 16-60

Dear Mr President Lyndon
Johnson your Honvrel about
a year ago at this time
I obtained a flight flying
four miles in the city of
Dixon, Illinois, with a
heavy equipment at
the Merwin Clement plant
these flying saucers came into
three different miles near
stopped off in line making
observing a first glance
to east to west side was
with thing I saw 3 believe


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

That because I was
- worked it was when
the fourth saucer came
in Boone County from
the Dickinson of St. Joe
- tanker, these names
could appear to be
a purchase in color with
they met and went in
flight, north then they
became witnesses,
and then they turned
- invisible I am sorry
to bother you about
this but I thought I'd get
off thought but you
my county. I am to
help further give a my
world was a my
noting was etc. I
my serial number

Note: Some words are difficult to read with complete certainty due to the handwritten nature of the document, so this transcription is my best interpretation.


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Below see medical
to start a long time
ago when thinking
of exploded and perhaps
had the draft
perhaps any space
craft it that I know this
craft has got to the
gravity fuel and the
only know they to
man is Helium gas
which is combustible
which can be used
for fuel for engines
on here will find a side
of a flying saucer
short to believe is
- - - not - - -

Note: Some words are partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the document, so I have transcribed what I could clearly read.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

A message came this from
this satellite, call I received
little the see to our
Country with of flying
Saucers to protect less
Seriously yours

Phone

Please give this a list
of thought please
would tell blues over
and give your strength
to doing ok.

P.S. I am not the
only one who saw
this at that time
while I work.

Note: Some words are partially illegible or difficult to read with complete certainty, so I have transcribed them as best as possible.


- page 16 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a technical drawing or diagram with concentric circles and some irregular lines or markings, rendered in black and white with a faded, vintage appearance.


- page 17 -

