PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
27 Jul 63

2. LOCATION
Morehead, Kentucky

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Lane/2025 EST
GMT 28/0125Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual ☐
Air-Visual ☐
Air-Intercept Radar ☐

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
SE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Small white light traveling twice as fast as
ECHO. Looked like a dim star. Faded in
distance. Passed overhead. Flight to SE.

11. COMMENTS
No information presented to indicate
that this was not a normal a/c
observation. Flight, description
and duration with this analysis consistent.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☒ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 28 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Gentlemen:   In making this sighting

I was strongly motivated to think of
the object as a high flying jet,
even though no sound and only one
light. Perhaps it would be easier
if this angle were checked out
first.

I would appreciate hearing
your evaluation if it would not be
too much troubles.

Yours truly,
[Signature redacted]


- page 2 -

Morehead, Ky.

Aerial Phenomena Group
Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio.


- page 3 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N. W.
Washington 6, D. C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP. After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued magazine or in another publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional room, please use another sheet of paper. Thank you.

1. Name [redacted]
   Address Flemingsburg Road,
   Morehead, Ky.

   Place of Employment Radio Station WMOR
   Occupation Student
   Education College Soph.
   Special Training none
   Military Service none

2. Date of Observation 7/27/63   Time 8:25 AM   PM   Time Zone E.S.T.

3. Locality of Observation Residence on Flemingsburg Road

4. How long did you see the object? Approximate Hours 2 Minutes Seconds

5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of day, i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc.
   Bright, little wind, very little clouds

6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you.
   In the western sky

7. If seen at night, was it brighter than the moon and most of the stars? Were stars visible?
   The moon and most of the stars were visible

8. Were there more than one object? no   If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating direction of movement, if any.

9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light; was it revolving, etc? Please use additional sheet of paper, if necessary.
   a small white light traveling about

10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? yes

11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc.
    About as bright as a small star

12. Did the object(s)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time? no
    b. Suddenly speed up and run away at any time? no
    c. Streak up into parts or explode? no
    d. Give off smoke? not visible
    e. Leave any visible trail? no
    f. Drop anything? no
    g. Change brightness? no
    h. Change shape? no
    i. Change color? no

13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind, of anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, if possible.
    Passed beside a bright star and moved on the valley.

14. Was how wind?
    No real direction was made

15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, windowpane, storm window, screening, etc?
    no

16. Did the object(s) have any sound? no   What kind?   How loud?

17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were)
    a. Fuzzy or blurred.
    b. Like a bright star.
    c. Sharply outlined.   like a dim star but plainly visible.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

18. Was the object:
    a. Self-luminous?
    b. Dull finish?
    c. Reflecting?
    d. Transparent?

Could not determine source of light

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? no

20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
    a. Pinhead     d. Nickel     g. Orange
    b. Pea         e. Half dollar   h. Grapefruit
    c. Dime        f. Silver dollar   i. Larger
    Or, if easier, give the size of a dim star

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? On the patio relaxing looking at the stars.

22. When were you and what were you doing at the time? see above.

23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? Slowly got dimmer as the distance increased.

24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a piston or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude.
    Could not ascertain speed, altitude, or size.

25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location of the incident? None to be found.

26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s). Could not be because of insufficient data.

27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? Please mark on hemisphere sketch:
    Straight overhead.

28. Name and address of other witnesses, if any: (Both) Morehead, Ky.

29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North, your position, the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared from view; the direction of its course over hills, trees, valley, railroads, and other landmarks within a mile.
    [A hand-drawn map is included with location details]

30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? Small airstrip about 8 miles west of residence

31. Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? no.

32. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date, if possible) regarding this or similar observations, or any other background material. We will return the material to you.

33. Were you interrogated by Air Force Investigation? By other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, state the name and rank or title of the agent, his office, and details as to where and when he questioned you, etc.
    [No response written]

34. We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations to NICAP. However, if you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please note your choice by checking the proper statement below. In any case, please fill in all parts of the form, for our confidential files. Thank you for your cooperation.
    [Signature and name confidentiality options are marked]

35. Date of filling out this report: 7/27/63
    [Signature is redacted]


- page 5 -

