PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
13-14 August 1963

2. LOCATION
St Gallen, Switzerland

3. DATETIME GROUP
Local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. GMT
11/1042

6. PHOTOS
□ Yes
□ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
6 min

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Observation of missile or satellite flying at estimated height of 15-18,000 ft. Glowing like small fireball. Identical sighting the following night from the same place at the same time.

Follow-up object rose over mountain only slightly lower at estimated altitude of 7,500 to 10,000 ft. Flight continued for minutes and then object suddenly stopped glowing course followed for an additional minute with RX and object again glowed, continued to glow for 30 seconds and then turned into a fireball with brightness as previously. Sudden burst like fireworks display. Explosion took place at 200-

8. SOURCE
civilian

9. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

11. COMMENTS
UNIDENTIFIED

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Telephon-

Telegramm-Adresse: Camadra Saintgall

Ihr Zeichen
Unser Zeichen as/ih
Techn. Abteilung:

ST.GALLEN, 16th August 1963
Obere Graben 41

Washington USA

Dear Sirs,

We are living in St. Gallen, Switzerland and have observed on Tuesday 13th August somewhat of a missile or satellite flying at a height of approx. 15'000 to 19'000 feet. It was glowing and looked like a small trail. Speed and height have been constantly same and we wondered what this could be. The next evening, Wednesday 14th August we waited at an exactly the same time as the evening before this glowing ball raised again exactly at the same point over the mountains and flew with exactly the same speed as before. Lower in the same direction. The sky was slightly clouded but this flying object did not disappear behind the clouds. We started this flying high at approx. 15'000 feet. After about 4 minutes it suddenly stopped glowing and we thought that it disappeared behind a cloudbank first, but after observing carefully with binoculars we would see a dark looking flying object and after about one minute we could see the glow again. After about 30 seconds it came to earth in a fairly big fireball about 5 times as big as before. Glow for some seconds and suddenly took place at approx. 20:04 and we estimated that the glowing parts have fallen to earth in the area of Toggenburg (western part, county St. Galli). This flying object did not appear in the sky on Thursday and we wonder whether you have some knowledge of a low flying satellite. In case that you can give us some information we would thank you in advance because there is already some silly talk about flying sources in our newspapers.

Yours very truly,

[Signature area blacked out]


- page 2 -

Text found in the image:

BY AIR MAIL
PAR AVION

Natl. Sep. Aug. 19 1963
AFR

NASA
Pentagon
Washington USA


- page 3 -

TNBW

UFO Sightings & Information Sheet

Hq USAF SAFOI-PA (Ens Geiser)
Washington, D.C.

1. On 11 August 1963 we reported sighting an unidentified flying object. From the information presented we are unable to identify his sighting. His report is carried in the release for the general public. It is suggested that a copy of this release be forwarded to Mr. at:

Warrenville, Illinois.

2. On 16 August 1963 we reported observations in the nights of 13-14 August 1963. We are unable to evaluate the case and it is carried as unidentified. A brief description of his observations were included in the brochure sent to persons requesting information on unidentified flying objects. It is suggested that a copy of this brochure be forwarded to Mr. Schelling at:

Switzerland

3. On 14 September 1963 we made a sighting of two objects. Investigation by local officials and a completed PID form such contained essential data necessary for evaluation of the sighting. However, no positive conclusion can be reached. From the reports received and the case is carried as unidentified. It is suggested that two copies of the brochure release to the public be forwarded to Mr. Grant at:

Pasadena, California


- page 4 -

On 7 October 1963 two Francis and five additional observers at Weggis, Switzerland, using binoculars, observed a bright light. Two reports (2 pages) were received which determine the source of this light and her sighting is covered as unidentified. This sighting is listed in the released for the public with a suggestion that a copy of this release can be sent to her by:

Lanham, Maryland

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC P. de JONCKHEERS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
FTD Biosystems

1 atch
5 x79 info sheet


- page 5 -

