PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
13 Aug 63

2. LOCATION
Borger, Texas

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local         night

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
□ Ground-Visual   □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual      □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes, Physical Anal
□ No

6. SOURCE
civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not observed

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
on ground

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Heart shaped mark on ground about 11 ft across. 
Thought to have been caused on lawn. Dark 
purple. Mark was 3 inches wide all around. Grass 
not mashed down, just colored. Looked phospho-
scent with sun shining on it. Smelled like acid. 
Several drops inside heart. Deputy sheriff took 
pictures and a sample of the paint. Substance 
remained through two rains. After a few days 
never died. Ten days after first observation 
still clung to grass.

11. COMMENTS
Deputy sheriff report indicated that 
the substance was analyzed as the eggs 
of a species of grass fly. Mrs Keegan, 
who reported the observation notified 
of the findings.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other G1238 Fly Eggs
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 28 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Fitch Texas.
Aug.27,1963.

Project Bluebook,Wright Air Force Base,Dayton Ohio.

Dear Sir:

Yesterday I read with much interest.The article which appeared in my last Grit,Aug.25th last.Your article about your tracking down mysterious Flying Saucers reminded me about the time a dozen years ago when late one night I saw a mysterious object low in the sky.You can be sure I never said a word about seeing this to any one.My husband laughed when I told him.I thought surely we would read or hear something about this object but never a word.

However I am writing to you about an object which we didn't see which paid us a visit on the night of Aug.13 1963.Whatever this strange thing was it left its calling card on the front lawn of the house which we call the cook house because that is where all of the cowboys eat.

After sunup on the morning of Aug 14 1963.this month and only 2 weeks ago now. The man that was cooking ( ) a man 60 years old asked my husband to come over and take a look at something which he did not know was.My husband came back a few minutes later very much amazed at what he had seen.He said someone has painted a heart on Ted's lawn.We both went back and sure enough almost a perfect heart was there on the lawn.The color was a dark purple.It was about 17 foot across and the circle itself was three inches wide all around.The grass was not mashed down in the least.The coloring went all the way down each blade of grass.With the Sun shining on this circle it had somewhat of a phosphorus substance look to it and it smelled like acid or which none of us could place.It looked as though some object had hovered just above the ground.There was several big drops of the same substance in the circle.

A Deputy Sheriff came out took colored picture and samples of the paint.This substance stayed on after two days.After a few days it dried but clung


- page 2 -

to the blades of grass. The grass never died and was just as lively other than having this dark color. After 10 days if I rubbed my hand through the grass there was black soot which was very dusty. Very black. Clinging to my hand.
We have checked and double checked for strangers in our vicinity that night but have been unable to find out a thing. As I recall the night was very dark. I wish I could send you a sample of the substance but it is all gone now. My husband is foreman of this Ranch and we have lived here for 20 years.
What was it? I wish I knew and I am garn glad some one else saw this beside me.

Yours very truly,
Mrs [redacted]
Box [redacted]
Zip [redacted]


- page 3 -

After Five Days Return To
[Redacted text]
Ditch, Texas

Project Bluebook, Wright Patterson Air Force Base,
Dayton, Ohio.

The image shows an envelope or document with postal markings from Borger, Texas dated August 13, 1963, addressed to Project Bluebook at Wright Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio.


- page 4 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDSN
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting (Mrs. [redacted])

TO: HQ USAF SAF-OI 3b (Mrs. [redacted])
Wash 25 DC

1. Reference the attached letter from Mrs. [redacted] requesting information on a UFO sighting of 13 August 1963. This letter is forwarded to your office for whatever action you deem necessary.

2. Request results of the investigation made by the Deputy Sheriff from Borger, Texas.

FOR THE COMMANDER,

[Signature] ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
Ltr fr Mrs [redacted],
dtd 27 Aug 63.


- page 5 -

September 13, 1963

Office of the County Sheriff
Borger, Texas

Dear Sir:

We have been asked by a Mrs. [redacted] of Stinnett, Texas, to attempt to explain an unusual occurrence at their ranch on the night of August 13, 1963. We understand that a Deputy Sheriff from your office took look could pictures and obtained samples of the substance that was discoloring the grass.

In that the letter from Mrs. [redacted] is the first official report of this happening to a military installation, we would appreciate very much your analysis of the situation or the subjects involved. In the event complete laboratory analysis of the samples and the photography was not accomplished, we would be happy to continue this investigation providing you could furnish the original photography and any remaining portion of the samples.

Please advise this office concerning any facet of this investigation. For your convenience we are including a self-addressed envelope.

Sincerely,

CARL M. HART
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Enclosure
Self-addressed envelope


- page 6 -

County of
HUTCHINSON
STINNETT, TEXAS,

State of Texas

ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS
TO: BOX 1426, BORGER, TEXAS
September 20, 1963

Carl Hart, Major
United States Air Force
Public Information Division
Office of Information
Washington 25, D. C.

Dear Major Hart:

Reference your letter of September 16, 1963 containing the 3 mg unusual occurrence on Kerr McGee Ranch at Borger, Texas, and to the inquiry you received from Capt. Ward. A preliminary investigation was conducted by this department; photographs and samples were taken.

To further advise that the matter was somewhat unusual in as much as it was in the shape of a large crater about 3 feet in diameter. Laboratory analysis indicated that the crater was a species of mass fir. We were able to identify the nuclei and have done some research and are satisfied that it is as previously stated; however, we did not win a chemical analysis. If you feel it is necessary, we can supply samples.

Your truly yours,
[Signature redacted]

MEMBER
[Membership emblem/seal]


- page 7 -

Text found in the document:

HUTCHINSON COUNTY
BORGER, TEXAS

Carl Hart, Major
United States Air Force
Public Information Division
Office of Information
Washington 25, D. C.


- page 8 -

October 3, 1963

Dear Mrs.

Possibly by now or someone of his office has contacted you with the results of their investigation of the heart-shaped design on your lawn. In case he hasn't, we have been informed that laboratory analysis indicated the material on the grass to 25 eggs of a species of grass fly.

Thank you very much for reporting this case as it is an unusual happening with an unusual answer, and does add to our fund of knowledge concerning unusual happenings that are frequently attributed to Flying Saucers.

Cordially,

C. R. HART
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mrs.
6


- page 9 -

