The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card that documents a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
AUGUST 1963
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2005
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
5. PHOTO
Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not reported
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Day duration, direction etc. not included
Object described as flying parallel to ground, brilliant light, red on outer edge with a white center. White tail about 2X size of object.
11. COMMENTS
Limited data indicates meteor as a likely cause.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document with handwritten text.

Major Mason J.C. Jere (USAF)
Dept. of the Interior
US Bureau of Forces
Washington, 25, D.C.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten letter or document.

Dear Major Cooke,
I am in receipt of your very informative letter explaining the fact that my detailed sketch was not considered a remote or significant phenomena. Thank you, sir, and as I mentioned, I only see it fair to ask you for further investigation, please. I found the things you mentioned on this case interesting.
Dr. xxx's investigation in the past (31) cases found "almost identically" that there is a insignificant or questionable for us normal phenomena.
From the fact to believe this - I have against the Air R - which suggests the aid "Rain Explosion" (and) for me on this phenomena?
Deep Hole, Sub. iii?

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document with some handwritten text.

The text in the document says:

Office of Information
US Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

Attn: Dieffia

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document that contains handwritten text.

Text from the document:

"For the past three years or so, I have been somewhat interested in the matter of UFOs, having seen an in-grade on the aircraft on a clear night when I was attending a picnic in Easton, Mass.

At that time, it seemed to be moving at an extremely high rate of speed. It appeared to be in a horizontal plane and seemed to be making a complete circle or oval. The time was approximately 10:25 p.m. on the night of August 8, 1963.

1) 10:25 p.m. seen.
2) 10:55 p.m. extinguished.
3) 11 p.m. 2 or 3 witnesses.

For the thing I saw was quite definitely not a star or satellite, nor have I seen anything like it before or since. It is not easy to estimate the size, but it appeared to be very large, perhaps 50 or 100 feet in diameter. It gave off no lights, but seemed to be illuminated from within, an opalescent glow. If it was an aircraft, it was certainly unlike any I have ever seen, either military or civilian."

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with text, but no visual images are present.

Anyway, I have secured a transcript of the text found in the document:

Friends, I have secured permission to give you this reply to your query -
The significant progress they made in their investigations is positive, but 
to the UFO Daily through anyone is not MCAP and
APRO our Dames of which I have a copy (P-6-9) evidently. Of
course you can understand any old interest in the
subject, for there remain various obsessions I have encountered.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a document that contains handwritten text.

I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

I have seen in the air what seems to be strange and inexplicable in the heavens around 8:30 or 9:00 and the things are still seen clearly on nights when there are only a few clouds.
The phenomena observed approximate from 100 to 1500 feet altitude. I came here on the 18th at the appropriate time to see if possible whether this was still noticeable and I saw the lights as described on several occasions though I was not able to get a photograph of them. I would be very happy to furnish any details I can on this subject and provide specifics as to times and location of the observed phenomena if so desired.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old report document containing handwritten text.

The following is the text found in the document:

The following is a statement of my belief, which in some manner may be entirely subjective - - - If you please, it is as follows:

My sighting - Date, Mrs. B's (?) 5:30 p.m. - certainly notated.

Rev. Anthony Assam - if known, what I would have said.

"Unidentified" - It's feeling to me that that term designate this particular vehicle as perhaps needing more study, or in conclusion, possibly what our investigative service or authority may have already done. Is it definitely unknown? 

I had another view (to the?) 5 sighting, more clearly. Yet, I may state, for any one interested in the vehicle, the light appeared again in that relative direction, brightly white in light.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a memo routing slip with various fields, such as "ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION", "DATE", "COORDINATION", and "SIGNATURE". The text written on the slip reads "PLEASE RETURN AS SOON AS POSSIBLE". There are also some handwritten notes at the bottom of the slip.

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
NEVER USE FOR APPROVALS, DISAPPROVALS, 
CONCURRENCES OR SIMILAR ACTIONS

ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION DATE COORDINATION

FILE

INFORMATION

NECESSARY 
ACTION

NOTE AND 
RETURN

SEE ME

SIGNATURE

REMARKS:
PLEASE RETURN AS SOON AS POSSIBLE

FROM NAME OR TITLE DATE

ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION TELEPHONE

DD FORM 95, 1 APR 56, AND AFRTC FORMS, 
WHICH MAY BE USED.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REQUEST for UFO Information

To: SAFOI-PB (Mrs Gaise--)
Wash 25 D C

1. The following information is provided to assist you in answering a letter from which our records indicate no previous correspondence.

2. There is no point in discussing the belief that UFO's are real. Extraterrestrial intelligence and advanced technology cannot be proven by the act of Faith, without scientific support. There is also no point in sending him an information sheet, unless he provides us with the evidence to warrant his position.

3. Regarding the sighting at Easton, Massachusetts, August 1963, it is apparently a meteor observation, however, the duration was not recorded and the object was not investigated further. If the witness desires further information, it is suggested that he fill out the form 164 and forward the completed evaluation.

4. The information provided on the South Weymouth, Massachusetts sighting is inconclusive and requires a tentative analysis. 

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page of a typed letter from Maston M. Jacks of the United States Air Force Information Division, addressed to a Mr. [REDACTED] in Rockland, Massachusetts, dated March 11, 1964.

The text of the letter is as follows:

March 11, 1964

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

This is in reply to your recent letter in which you reported the sighting of an unidentified flying object which was observed by your mother-in-law in South Weymouth.

Your report, however, the duration was not reported and motion or the object was not included in your letter. This is insufficient for even a tentative analysis.

As you are aware, there has never been any evidence or indication that unidentified flying objects represent space ships from other planets. Observations contradict this theory. The analyses have proved those controversial if there are certain physical phenomena which may be generated by atmospheric conditions, or caused by natural bodies and their radiance or meteorites, etc.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS 
Major, USAF
Office of Information Division
Office of Information

- page 11 -

