PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
8 Sep 63

2. LOCATION
Healdsburg, Calif

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 10:30 PM
GMT 6:30/0007

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. PHOTOS
No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
over 2 hr

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Obj. remained large star moving from slightly
West of North toward the East. Travel at steady
pace for over 1hr. Did not seem to be closer
than a star. Erratic motion.

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
East Erratically

11. COMMENTS
Sighting has all characteristics
of a balloon at altitude with
light attached.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Office for the recording
of data on Unidentified Flying Objects
United States Air Force

Sirs:

On the evening of the second of September, sometime between 10 and 11:30 p.m., my husband and I watched a moving object in the sky over, or slightly to the north of, Healdsburg, California. We were sitting on the beach of the Russian river, enjoying the cool air, when he pointed out that one of the larger stars was moving. The light which we saw was of the same size and brilliance of one of the larger stars or planets. I am sorry I do not know my constellations well enough to say which it passed through. When we first noticed it, it was at approximately one-fourth up from the western horizon... we were facing north... I believe you would say 10:30. We watched it travel eastward at a fairly steady pace. It took over a half and hour to reach the tree tops to the east of us, far too slow to be an airplane. It never seemed any closer than a star, there was no sound that could be connected to it, and it would have been unnoticeable except for the movement. The oddest thing about it was the erratic movement, which I was dubious about until I had lain on my back to check my observation with no sense that the wobbly motion was mine.

Definitely it moved as in the following sketch.

Has anyone else made such a report as this?

Sincerely curious,

[Location noted at top of document: Fresno, California]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Fresno, Calif.

Office for Comp. of Data on U.F.O.s
United States Air Force

FTD
TDE

N/1

(There is also a postmark stamp from Fresno dated 1963 and a pre-printed envelope/letterhead with a postage stamp)


- page 3 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDBW
SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO: Hq USAF(SAF-OIPB) (Mrs Gaiser)
Wash 25 D C

Reference the attached letter from [redacted], postmarked
30 Sep 63, requesting information on an unidentified flying object.
The following information is forwarded to assist you in a reply to
Mrs [redacted]:

a. The sighting of Mrs [redacted] has all the characteristics
of an upper-air balloon or a radiosonde.

b. Contact with the balloon control center at Holloman AFB,
failed to reveal identity of a specific upper-air balloon.

c. The nearest radiosonde launch to Healdsburg, California,
is Oakland, California. However, the winds direction was toward
the East and would not carry a balloon from this site over Mrs
[redacted] location.

d. While we cannot identify this specific balloon, we still
believe that this object was a balloon. The object was definitely
drifting with the wind as indicated by its motion, direction of
flight and duration of sighting.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of Colonel J. Gait, Deputy for Technology and Satysystems]

1. Atch
1st
posted 30 Sep 63


- page 4 -

October 21, 1963

Dear Mrs.

This is in response to your recent letter in which you reported sighting an unidentified object in the sky in the vicinity of Healdsburg, California.

The object you sighted has all the characteristics of an upper-air balloon or a radiosonde. A check made with the Balloon Control Center at Holloman Air Force Base has failed to reveal the identity of a specific upper-air balloon. While we are unable to identify this specific balloon, it is believed that the object was a balloon since it was drifting with the wind as indicated by its motion, direction of flight and duration of the sighting.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mrs.
Fresno, California


- page 5 -

