PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
14 Aug 63

2. LOCATION
Niles, Illinois

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
1935

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☑ Ground-Visual
☐ Air-Visual

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
8 min

7. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Light in western sky shaped like a drop of water tilted at 30 deg angle. Obj at 40 deg elevation in flight descending went behind cloud and reappeared below. Appeared to be about 1/2 as bright as brightest star. White color with no reflection. Finally moved off with gained speed and disappeared in the distance. Total observation time. At no time were any metallic or other surfaces that could indicate a/c characteristics.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other:
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
Westerly

11. COMMENTS
Flight duration, motion consistent with analysis as a/c. Sighting toward west. Sunset at 1907 (Chicago gains 33 min making sunset at 1945). Sighting at sunset toward sun adding to the probable misinterpretation of a conventional obj.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Niles, Illinois 60648
August 15, 1963

Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
Project Blue-Book
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

On the evening of Wednesday, August 14 my grandparents, my mother, and I were driving west on Dempster Street in Morton Grove, Illinois. At 7:55 p.m. we sighted a strange looking light in the western sky; it was shaped like a drop of water tilted about 30 degrees below the horizontal, facing south. It was about 40 degrees above the horizon.

As we watched, it lost altitude, went behind a cumulus cloud, and emerged below it. At this time it appeared about four times as large as the largest star, very bright, and white in color. There was no reflection from it, it was not a dazzling light; it was just white and very bright. It seemed to stop below the cloud, hover a moment, and begin to move west, against the wind which was from the north-west. It gained speed and steadily grew smaller until it disappeared from view.

The light was in view for eight minutes. At no time while it was in view did we see any dark metallic spots or protruding surfaces which might indicate it was an aircraft.

Sincerely,


- page 2 -

