PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
17 July 1963

2. LOCATION
Spencer, W Va

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
10:40PM
15/01402

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☑ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Reader

5. PHOTOS
☑ Yes □ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not reported

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
0 ne

9. COURSE
NE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Report in letter of space vehicle observed overhead in flight to NE or ENE. Requested identification.

11. COMMENTS
EOBD ruled out. If space vehicle then 1963B TRETA I. Duration not reported.
High flying a/c have been reported as
Satellites also. Case considered as a
possible satellite on the limited data
presented.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
☑ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
☑ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
☑ Possibly Astronomical
☑ Satellite
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared. (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

Other: ________________

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?         Yes   No   Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?   Yes   No   Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode?         Yes   No   Don't know
d. Give off smoke?             Yes   No   Don't know
e. Change brightness?           Yes   No   Don't know
f. Change shape?             Yes   No   Don't know
g. Flash or flicker?            Yes   No   Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear?         Yes   No   Don't know


- page 2 -

Official U.S. Air Force

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
I was in my home it was in the bedroom when I saw it then to the picture window but

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   No sound
b. Color:   different lights around center, dull

18. We ask to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
about
1000

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially arrowheads or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with some annotations is included on the page]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the UFO form:

UFO form continued                                                   Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? About 200 miles per hour then it must of slid up to 1000 miles per hour I mean in a short minute or average of

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building   my house
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Also
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other:

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)   a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
                                                    b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other   Yes   No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

twenty mile about 1/2 x 1 belt far diameter taped together with a belt of lights


- page 4 -

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 5 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

The Thing I saw PS NO NO
KIDDING

[A hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO/flying saucer with several circular elements]

Some text near the sketch appears partially illegible, but includes words like:
"about 42 feet in Diameter"
"underside"
"lights"

The rest of the text at the bottom of the page is too illegible to confidently transcribe.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO form continued                                                   Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   [No]
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS     Johnson City    Tennessee
TELEPHONE NUMBER                 AGE 11    SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?   I didn't report it
                                                                    but to my parents


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form co

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 8 3 67 (Day Month Year)

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

I was in my house. It was 1100 AM
I was fully awake but my parents thought
I was dreaming. I look out the window
saw it to get a better look I went
to my picture window. When I looked
out it was gone.


- page 8 -

Information Only
Source: A. P. R. O. Bulletin, November 1963

4 July 1963
Weymouth, Mass.

On July 4, at 8:30 a.m. Mr. and Mrs. Robert Carr of Weymouth reported seeing "a dark object" emitting an orange glow and moving in an irregular path fairly high above the ground near Archbishop Williams High School. "We couldn't see how big it was but it was not small. It appeared dark at the top but there was a strong orange glow at the bottom. It was fully light, about 8:30, and we could see only a very rough outline of the object. The most pronounced detail was the orange hue at the bottom and a dark surface or area at its top," she said.


- page 9 -

Information Only
Source: AFRO Bulletin, November 1963

7 July, 1963
Bantam, Connecticut

Slow Moving Discs

Sometimes between 6:30 and 7:00 p.m. on July 7, 1963, the Le Blanc family near Bantam, Connecticut, observed a total of eight disc-shaped UFOs. They were seen first by two of Mr. Angela Le Blanc's children as the objects floated slowly and silently over hills southwest of Bantam. The entire family was called to watch as the discs moved from the northeast to the southwest. The estimated altitude of the discs was from 2000 to 3000 feet and the objects appeared to be metallic.

The length of the observation was longer than one minute but the exact figure was undisclosed. In published reports, Police were unable to provide an explanation.


- page 10 -

No Case (Information Only)
PSIC (Aug 1963)

8 July 1963
Alliance, Ohio

ALLIANCE, OHIO......7/8/63......9:30 PM.
While playing outdoors, a 12-year old girl
noticed a very orange light which looked
round and larger than any other star. She
said that it was above the antenna of the
house west of them at about 40°-45° elev.
All of a sudden the "orange" drop p ed
straight down disappearing below the roof
line. Calling her mother, the girl moved
left (south) to see whether the object was
still visible. Her mother joined her in
watching as the orange light proceeded W
on a horizontal path. After one min it
could no longer be seen. The girl said,
"It was standing there for at least 10 sec
when all of a sudden it dropped." No sound,
tril intensity change, etc...............
Duration -- one minute plus.


- page 11 -

NEAR LANDING IN GEORGIA: A series of sensational sightings took place in Georgia last summer, the first of which, involving a man who was burned by a UFO while driving his car, was described on Page 21 of our September issue. The next major event in this UFO occurrence took place July 1st, and had nine witnesses. Mr. and Mrs. Moore visiting relatives in Turnerville, Georgia, one evening, when they noticed that the television set would not work. The family then went out on the porch, and saw a peculiar object moving slowly toward the earth, almost directly over the house!

The UFO had three lights on top of it - two red ones and a white one, all in a row and blinking on and off. The object moved slowly for awhile, then swooped down hovering about five feet above a garden not far from the house. At this point the three top lights went off, and a brilliant green light on the bottom of the craft was turned on, apparently for the purpose of observing the nearby woods. For several seconds more, the UFO took turns hovering with the green light shining with the light turned off. Its presence was accompanied by a strange odor, like brake fluid or embalming fluid, and this odor was smelled later that night by the local sheriff, who was called to the scene.

The object had no exhaust and moved silently, according to the nine witnesses. The green spotlight was so bright that it reflected back from the ground upon the object itself, leaving no doubt in the minds of the observers that they were looking at a solid, metal craft. The bottom of the UFO was shaped like a bowl, and had a ridge around the circumference. Two of the female witnesses to the near-landing reported a stinging or burning sensation after the object had flown out of sight, and one of them awoke the next day red-faced and with bloodshot eyes. She said that she had not been in the sun the day before.


- page 12 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

No Case (Information Only)                    10 July 63
                                               Northbrook, Illinois

SOURCE: IAM - SEP 63

[The rest of the document appears to be heavily redacted/blacked out, with only fragments of text visible but not legible enough to confidently transcribe.]


- page 13 -

No Case (Information Only)
FSIC (Aug 1963)

10 July 1963
Medina, Ohio

LOCAL SIGHTINGS
MEDINA, OHIO......7/10/63......9:20 PM
The object was described by Mr. Norris Walter as one bright white light moving SE, and seen to disappear in the distance after 2 minutes. The intensity was said to be brighter than the brightest star. It blinked one second and about ± sec off. Mr. Norris was emphatic that it wasn't an aircraft. No sound; trail, seen 4 mi N of Medina.


- page 14 -

No Case (Information Only)
Sky and Telescope, Sept 63 pg 139
METEOR

13 June 1963 (930PM CST)
Elgin, Illinois


- page 15 -

No Case (Information Only)
PSIC (August 1963)

15 July 1963
Carlton, Wiltshire, England

GLOBAL SIGHTINGS

More about the English case of July 15, 1963. Village of Carlton in Wiltshire... (Charles Maney)...Reports indicate that deep impressions were left in the ground near the crater. Four impressions, with dimensions measuring one square foot each were found.

Wavenly Girvan, Editor of Flying Saucer Review of England, said on TV that the object found in the crater was not a meteorite.

Comment -- Astronomers say that even a small particle rushing through the atmosphere at meteor speeds ranging from 25,000 - 160,000 mph becomes incandescent and appears to be much larger than it is. I realize that the elements contained has something to do with the light given off. But it seems odd that a 3 lb. meteorite wasn't seen or heard on impact. A meteorite this size certainly would have illuminated the whole countryside if seen at night...(AP-7/25) Mr. Blanchard, who owns the farmland, on which the meteorite and crater were found, said that a barley field was blown down and a mysteriously scorched.--


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

OCTOBER - 1963                                   FSIC BULLETIN                                   PAGE 3

GLOBAL SIGHTINGS
FLYING SAUCER REVIEW & LONDON U F O RE-
SEARCH-England, Charlton, Wiltshire....
July 16, 1963...Acre about Roy Blanchard's
Manor Farm.....In our August & Septem-
ber FSIC Bulletins, we carried the news-
paper stories dealing with a strange
crater and craters on an English farm.
We also know that the papers chortled
over the fact that a convenient solution
had been found. "It was probably a dud
bomb," said the Army Bomb Dispersal team,
according to William Stoneman's article
in the Akron BJ. Other explanations made
it out to be a meteorite. None of these
explanations fit the facts. From the
drawing with this article—you can see
that neither comes near an explanation.

Capt John Rogers, Chief of the Army
Bomb Disposal Unit, arrived at the scene.
His preliminary report indicated that
there were no burn or scorch marks, nor
any trace of an explosion. "My superior
and I are baffled," was a clue as Capt.
Rogers had sought permission to sink a
shaft and said his readings so far were
rather unusual and indicated a metallic
object of some size, deeply imbedded.
He added: "I've never encountered any-
thing like this before." One of his men
later told reporters that his detector
behaved wildly.

As to the meteorite theory, Prof
Menzel's counterpart in England, the as-
tronomer, Patrick Moore, was thrown.
the bomb disposal unit removed a piece
of common or garden ironstone which can
be found burial all over S England, in
Moore immediately "pounced
upon the object" and de-
clared it was a meteorite
—even to the extent of
repeating this on T.V.
Southern Command admitted
that it was just iron pan
or gravel ironstone as be-
fore mentioned. Then Dr
F G F Claringbull, Keep-
er of the Dept of Miner-
alogy at the British Mu-
seum, finally destroyed
the meteorite explanation.

Continuing to keep an open mind, he said: "There
is more in this than meets
the eye." Southern Com-
mand commented: "The cause
of the phenomena is still

unexplained, but it is no part of the
task to unravel such mysteries." The incident was asked about in the House of Commons. "The crater is a complete mystery,"
they said. "Dr" Randall is still a mystery.
He has disappeared and remains in communication. He was quoted in the Daily Telegraph
(serious) and TV stations quoted the eminent
doctor. It appears that Sgt James Keith, of
the Bomb Disposal Unit recognized him and
met him in Woomera and his statement that Dr. Randall was an authority on flying saucers
was taken as fact.

A curious observation was made by Mr
Blanchard who owns the farm. "There isn't a
trace of the potatoes and barley which were
growing where the crater is now. No stalks,
no leaves, no roots," he pointed out, adding:
"The land was heavy enough to crush rocks
and stones to powder, yet it came down gently. It heard no crash or sound; and whatever power it uses produces no heat or noise.

That this "crater" is taken seriously
is shown by the fact that Dr. John Lishraan,
had been called in to discover if there was
any hazard to health,—

Village Constable, Anthony Penny, told
his superior officers that he had seen an
orange object flash through the night sky on
July 10. It vanished near the field in which
the first crater was found. He had mentioned
the incident in his daily report.

A motorist, passing near the Blanchard
farm on the same night, saw an eerie orange
streak in the sky. Mr. Reg Alexander first
discovered this, the largest crater. Mr.
Leonard Joliffe, a dairyman on the farm
(Manor Farm) reported he heard a blast one
morning at approx 6:00 AM.             contd pg 4

[Diagram of crater with measurements]

Area within outer pe-
rimeter practically de-
nuded of plants

Shallow depression not
more than 3'-4" below
ground level

5' across
3' deep

-Potatoes-
in ridges


- page 17 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

No Case (Information Only)                                July 1963
                                                    Charlton, England

SOURCE:  FLYING SAUCER REVIEW - NOV-DEC 63

interesting feature were four
almost radial slot marks as indi-
cated. These were about 4 ft.
long and started 6 ft. from the
centre. The two angles between
these three slots in the barley
field were about 30° and the
marking in the potato field was in
line with the centre of the three.
The slots consisted of depres-
sions in the earth 1 ft. wide and
1 in. deep and within them all
traces of vegetation had disap-
peared, including weeds and
roots.

Dowsing reactions: A circular
dowsing zone of radius 35 ft. ex-
tended from the centre of the pit.
I got more intense reactions along
the four radii coincident with
the slots and also along the eight
other 30° radii. We visited
Charlton again on July 21 and
found the same dowsing re-
actions.

On July 25 Dr. Read, of the
B.B.C. phoned up to say that
Patrick Moore (whom I had
written to about the hole) was at
Charlton, and asked us to come
along and discuss it with him.
When we arrived, a piece of iron-
stone (apparently responsible for
the readings on the Bomb Dis-
posal Squad's instruments) had
been found, and Patrick Moore
gave his official view that it
could be a meteorite.

The dowsing pattern remained,
however, after the removal of
the ironstone.

Later on we discussed the hole
with Patrick Moore and Mr.
Blanchard. Mr. Blanchard said
(1) The marks were found in the
first week of July before the ex-
plosions reported by local people.
(2) The cow with three-udders, etc., was in a field far
away from the crater and had
nothing to do with it. (3) The
now over marks reported by
"Dr." Randall were just hares'
forms. Patrick Moore said that
(1) The dowsing zone could be
explained by the meteorite break-
ing up on impact into fine dust
which could scatter over a large
area. (2) A meteorite could have
produced the crater and then
volatilised. (3) He was baffled by
the radial markings, but ex-

The Charlton crater
Sir,—I expect you've had many
reports on the Charlton marks,
but perhaps this will interest you
from the dowsing angle and also
because my father and myself
were at Charlton yesterday when
the "meteorite" was produced,
and we were able to discuss the
matter with Patrick Moore and
Mr. Blanchard afterwards.

We first visited the hole on
July 19—here is my description
at the time with comments.

Description: According to
newspaper reports (these were
later confirmed by Mr. Blanchard)
there was a central crater 5 ft.
diameter and 1 ft. deep. At the
centre was a hole 2 ft. deep and
5 in. diameter filled with loose
earth. When we arrived, a square
section of earth at scale 5 ft. and
depth 3 ft. had been dug up by
the Bomb Disposal Squad. Pre-
sumably this section was centred
on the original hole. The most

(over) →


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Slots

Barley
Potatoes

Crater

Slot

Drawing based
on Mr. Williamson's
sketch.

Area of
stunned
potatoes
Limit of general
dowsing zone

sions could do "queer things."
From all this it seems to me
that while a hypothetical meteor
could conceivably explain the
crater and the central hole, the
only explanations of the radial
markings are (1) a hoax, (2) they
were produced in some way by
a UFO. Perhaps they could have
been produced by parallel beams
of intense radiation emitted from
vehicles which the disc of the craft
would then have an
approximate diameter of 12 in.
How such rays could remove all
trace of vegetation from the local
terrain baffling.

Apparently Dr. Randall said
that similar markings had been
found in Australia and in France. I
would be most grateful if you
could write and tell me if this
so, and give me the titles of
books, etc. in which descriptions
of these marks occur.

Hoping the above will be of
some interest to you. — F. A.
Williamson, 27 Dowhays, Crock
Lane, Bridport, Dorset.

P.S.—On reading through I
find I have omitted (1) that the
potatoes were stunted — really
stunted—not just trampled on—
for an area about 30 in. in
diameter round the hole. The
barley, on the other hand, appeared unharmed. Perhaps this
could be explained by the radiation from the UFO having a
selective inhibiting effect on the
growth of potatoes.

(We are grateful for Mr. Williamson's observations. Readers
are referred to our September-
October issue for a detailed
account of the Charlton mystery
crater and others observed in
various parts of England and
Scotland. Mr. Patrick Moore's
observations may safely be disregarded.—Editor.)


- page 19 -

Clipping below is from another
English newspaper - "The Yorkshire
Post", Hull, England and is dated
23 July 1963

OLD BOMB MAY
BE ANSWER
Crater mystery
A BOMB dropped 50 years ago could
be the explanation for the mystery
of a crater found on Manor Farm, Charlton, Shaftesbury, Dorset.
This is the opinion of an Army expert.
The crater, which was first detected
yesterday, could not be explained
to the satisfaction of local people.
An Army spokesman at Southern
Command headquarters said that the
Army had not used helicopters near
the spot. Three was some misunderstanding of the Army's view of the
situation, he added. Since the bomb
was dropped it would have been a
normal job.
There were indications of something metallic in the earth, and he
understood the hole might have been
caused by a bomb. But he did not feel qualified to support any other
theories as to the cause.


- page 20 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

DAILY EXPRESS WEDNESDAY JULY 24 1963

Yes, says ex-Woomera
-it came from
and had to make
landing

Press Staff Reporter

IST, the bounce across three
Sergeant James Keith, fields.
in charge of the Sou-
thern sighting the Sgt.
said he was at Ran-
dall in Woomera
where I was once based
his views are not to be
ignored.

"He told us we would
first establish various
ground rules and we have
done."

Dr Randall said he
had come to Britain
because he had
"expected something like
this to happen."

Peaceful

He went on: "I believe
the occurrence came
down from Uranus
through science's
understanding of life
and in France, and now
here, show a unique
two-year cap. It would
take about two years to
get from Uranus.

"I believe this was a
peaceful space experi-
ment in a far advanced
civilization's orbit.
The people of Uranus
may be worried about
atomic tests which may
have some effect on their
own planet, the orbit of
which I believe is some
way from the surface of
earth.

O GEOLOGIST Robert
McCall was drilling in
the Northwest coast will
today examine a further
crater on a farm at
Frankrough. Burt
McCall said that on
Monday it was caused or
lightning which started a
pocket of natural gas.
But Mr McCall admits
the lightning did the
damage which is not
certain.

WAS IT
A SPACE
SHIP?

To whom it may concern:
Attached are newclippings on
UFOs which you may or may not
want. I will continue sending
clippings if not told otherwise.

Yours Sincerely,
Raymond E. Fowler
13 Friend Court,
Wenham, Mass.

The clipping to the left comes from
"The Daily Express", London England
and is dated 24 July 1963


- page 21 -

Source: FLYING SAUCER REVIEW - NOV-DEC 63

A HOAXER CONFESSES
How the Press Behaves

THE Wiltshire crater mystery not only served to bring the flying saucers to the attention of a wide public all over the world, but it also illuminated the attitude of several newspapers. Not all are now hostile to the concept, and those that were burnt their fingers badly by accepting uncritically the various "explanations" that were trotted out.

The Daily Telegraph was, perhaps, the most badly burnt. After having printed "Dr." Randall's Uranus theory, it then accepted the meteorite explanation without hesitation. Next day, as readers of the September-October issue will recall, it had to recant on July 27. Unfortunately, Anthony Smith had written an article more or less dismissing the saucers, and this was printed in full on July 29. In this article in the Daily Telegraph, Anthony Smith invoked the principle of Occam's razor which, in the context, would mean that if one is confronted with a mystery one should always prefer the more mundane of alternative explanations. The Charlton meteorite was thus endorsed after it had proved to be non-existent. This article was written not only in ignorance of the latest development in the crater mystery, but also in ignorance of the fact that most flying saucer students have in the past obeyed Occam's sound advice and have considered all possible mundane solutions to the mystery; the secret weapon, the hoax, the hallucination and the misinterpretation theories have been exhaustively studied and found wanting. Then, and only then, was the inter-planetary theory accepted as a working hypothesis and it was found that it fitted all the facts and that it was the only one that stood the test of time. Orthoteny then clinched the matter and offers a proof that any open-minded scientist must accept.

A new and recent feature is the arrival of the exhibitions with sudden appearance on the scene. Sometimes they arrive as flying saucer experts, but more often as self-confessed hoaxers. In the September-October issue we referred to the intervention of "Dr." Randall, who would otherwise have remained in obscurity but for the endorsement he received from the Bomb Disposal Unit. An example of the self-confessed hoaxer was to be found in the Bristol incident where an aircraft worker stated that he had let up a balloon with a piece of burning carpet attached. More recently, a Mr. John Southern has come forward to say that he and two unnamed collaborators dug the craters in various parts of Britain which caused the sensational reports of flying saucer landings. The "confession" was printed in the News of the World on August 25 and in the Daily Mail on August 26. Mr. Southern claims that he was responsible for the crater near Haddington in Scotland and the Wiltshire crater. "We had even planned a third crater up near Cambridge. We did not go up to do it but the weather was so bad we packed it in."

The confession need not be taken seriously for a number of reasons, but the point to be noted is that two widely-circulating newspapers saw fit to publish the story without any attempt, it would appear, to investigate it. The principle seems to be that any story that will discredit the saucers can safely be accepted and if one "explanation" has been exploded any other will do.

The questions that should have been asked can now be put. Is Mr. Southern aware that there were more than three craters found in Britain at that time? Indeed, there were more than one in Scotland alone. Did he know of the Flamborough Head crater or the one in Southampton? Were he and his friends responsible for the giant crater in Westmorland? And did they get over to Holland on July 27 and dig the square hole about 12 feet deep and more than six feet across in a meadow on the Dutch North Sea island of Sviermonnikoog, one of the Friesian Islands, north of the German port of Emden? (See the London Evening News, July 25.)

Mr. Southern, who, according to the Mail, laughs at stories of little green men, might also have been asked how the weather managed to be so bad that "we packed it in." The craters, in Southern England at least, were discovered in the middle of one of the best spells of weather the country has enjoyed this year. A further question that might now be put is whether the police have shown any interest in Mr. Southern's alleged activities. He has committed a form of public nuisance and has caused the Bomb Disposal Unit more than a week's work and the taxpayer a not inconsiderable expense. It is curious that these flying saucer hoaxers never seem to get into any trouble, but people giving false fire alarms are.

30


- page 22 -

Spencer, West Virginia

July 18 1963

National Space & Aeronautics Admin.
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen—

About 10:40 PM on July 17 we observed
a space vehicle almost directly over-
head and traveling about Northeast (or
roughly ENE).

As such an observation was not announced
in news media, we are, of course, curious.
Could you identify this space
vehicle for us?

Respectfully,
[Signature redacted]


- page 23 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

prosecuted whenever they are caught. Finally,
could Mr. Southern explain how he managed to
produce the strong magnetic effect at the crater?
But for this, the Bomb Disposal Unit might have
finished their work much earlier. Certainly, one
of the most baffling elements in the mystery
would have been absent. It is an element which
persists and has so far been unexplained. Mr.
Roy Blanchard, of the Manor Farm, has had
the just and most sensible comment: "I don't
believe this story that the whole thing was a hoax.
I think anyone who believes it was a hoax is
being hoaxed." The victims of the hoax happen
to be the News of the World and the Daily Mail.

The hoax explanation is reminiscent of the year
1954 in France. A series of almost incredible
events had been reported all over that country.
(It was the basis of these sightings that Michel
was able to discover otherwise). The public was
alarmed and called for some official explanation.
At last it was forthcoming: A retired miner had
built for a joke hundreds of "flying saucers"
made out of strong gray paper on the fire balloon
principle. After paraffin rags had been lit, the
warm air lifted the "saucers" which were up to
three metres in diameter, and the wind did the
rest. (See the Daily Mail, October 6, 1954.) What
nobody knew at the time was that the "balloons"
drew straight-line patterns all over France, in-
cluding the BAVIC line and many others. The
French miner was never named, but it was
alleged he lived at Beuvry-les-Bethune.

A pattern seems to be emerging from these
hoax stories. When all official explanations have
failed, certain newspapers which, for some reason
or other, do not believe in flying saucers will rush
to print anything which will either debunk the
saucers or save the newspaper's face. Whether
these hoaxers, who seem to be immune from
prosecution, are merely publicity seekers or serve
some deeper purpose is immaterial. But all
UFOlogists are warned about this latest develop-
ment. Newspapers should have pointed out to
them immediately any such absurdities as those
quoted above. The Daily Mail admitted to a
FLYING SAUCER REVIEW reader that the paper had
been flooded with letters on the subject. That
story was then dropped, and it is significant that
none of the points made by the correspondents
appeared in print.

Subsequently, the FLYING SAUCER REVIEW re-
ceived from Mr. John Southern a frank admission
of his attempted deception. He writes as follows:
"I believe there could be flying saucers. I also
believe that space-minded writers on this subject
are not fools, though the lesser-minded people
may snigger at their beliefs and their efforts to

discover the truth and try to establish the facts.

"I became interested in this story of two
craters appearing in different parts of the coun-
try. I followed the story with great interest and
then suddenly, as often occurs, it was all left in
mid-air and dismissed with a big laugh.

"I had ideas of writing an article on this sub-
ject myself, including these two craters. I en-
quired if perhaps there were other craters that
were found and not published, but no one could
tell me anything. Anyone I spoke to on the sub-
ject just laughed and said 'someone has probably
dug them for a hoax.' This bothered me, and
I could never begin to write an article having the
thought at the back of my mind that someone
somewhere with a big shovel was sitting back
laughing at me, so I decided to do something
about it. I got the idea of a claimed hoax of
the craters that the real culprits would certainly
not let me take the credit for their efforts and
would show themselves. Having the advantage
of previously writing a play, with a similar plot,
I took the chance and went through with it. I
knew all too well I would have the Army Bomb
Disposal officials to contend with, also the
farmer, Mr. Blanchard, not to mention the dis-
appointment and embarrassment of the people
I was trying to champion, but hoping, of course,
as it was only temporary I hoped they would see
my point.

"What have I found out? I have established
to my own satisfaction that these craters were not
created by earthly creatures; I also have learned
through letters and telephone conversations quite
a lot on this subject, from people who would
probably not even talk to me before, so I can
continue my writing with the knowledge that
there is certainly more evidence for flying sau-
cers than there is against them. Two young men
from Luton, Geoffrey Thompson and Peter Davis,
produced a well-written article on this subject
for the Beds & Herts Pictorial on December 11,
1952; it ended with: 'People should help to solve
this mystery instead of pretending it doesn't
exist', which is exactly how I feel.

(Signed) John Southern."

Mr. Southern adds that he has himself tried to
get to the News of the World and the Daily Sketch
to publish his retraction but without success.
When this retraction was pointed out to the
News of the World and the Daily Mail both
editors were quite content to let the matter rest
and to leave their readers in ignorance of the
truth. In a letter to the REVIEW, the Letters Editor
of the Mail said that to publish the retraction

(Continued on page 14 of cover)

31


- page 24 -

(Continued from page 31)

would be to open the matter for endless discussion. It was pointed out in a reply that the public looks to papers like the Mail for the truth, and that argument can be left to those better able to sustain it. However, in another letter to one of the readers of the review, the Daily Mail replied that even the retraction did not prove that the Charlton crater had been caused by a flying saucer. This is particularly revealing because nobody had said that it did. What is betrayed is a fear that the cause of flying saucers might be advanced (as indeed it has been) by a public admission that the crater mystery cannot be solved by any rationalisation. When the meteorite hoax had been exposed, the Daily Mail (which earlier this year had expressed its disbelief in saucers in a leading article) was left without its main argument that most sightings could be explained in mundane terms. It therefore rushed to print Mr. Southern's original statement despite the fact that it was obviously false on a number of counts.

If the Daily Mail is anti-saucer because it fears ridicule, perhaps it will now realise that the tide has turned. The public is beginning to laugh at those who distort the truth, not at those who are attempting to proclaim it.


- page 25 -

No Case (Information Only)

CRATER RIDDLE ON THE FELLS

Farmers' discovery

Yorkshire Post Correspondent

GIANT craters which, have appeared on the slopes of Dufton Fell in Cumberland, have left local shepherds. The craters were covered by two farmers, one of whom wondered whether they have anything to do with his loss of 40 sheep.

The craters are near Anvil House, Dufton, and Mr. John Rudd, of Dufton Hall, were on the fell yesterday looking over their sheep when some distance away they saw the ground had been torn up. As they got nearer they found two craters two feet deep.

Mr. Rudd said: "Round the edges the ground has been scorched and all the soil appears to have been washed away down the channel."

There are many theories as to the cause - from a recent thunderstorm to blame a similar happening on the fell tops mystifying their parents over half a century ago.

July 1963 Yorkshire, England

Mysterious Holes

STRANGE happenings in July. A 15-ft.-wide crater was found near Flamborough Head, and an unidentified flying object was reported in the same area. Some schoolboys claimed to have sighted a flying saucer over Roundhay Park, near Leeds. Further holes were found in Dorset and East Lothian. The Dorset one was only about eight feet wide, and 3 foot deep. But the potatoes and barley growing where it stood were not even disturbed.

A cow in a nearby field began acting strangely. It had been scorched. Yesterday, yet more holes were reported, this time in Westmorland. A huge channel connected them with a river at almost a mile away. One of the farmers who discovered them said: "They have any connection with the recent loss of 40 sheep." Curiouser and curiouser.

Only one of the holes has been thoroughly examined - the Flamborough Head crater, for example, was said, rather weakly, to have been caused by lightning exploding a pocket of natural gas. Army experts, however, were called to the Dorset hole. They came to some negative conclusions - that it was caused neither by a meteorite, nor a bomb - but could go no further. Questions have been tabled in Parliament.

The blame the Bomb movement - what will happen now the bomb is banned? - has always been a favourite argument of the bad health, the high rate of unmarried mothers, the flying saucers, the crop circles, and so forth. But holes are obviously the prerogative of flying saucers. To them, there is no mystery. The holes were made by craft from other planets. Their ideas should not be dismissed too lightly. About 70,000 people have claimed to have been flying saucers. Of course, they could all be wrong.

THE YORKSHIRE POST, AUG. 1ST, 63

YORKSHIRE POST,
YORKSHIRE, ENGLAND
AUGUST 1, 1963


- page 26 -

No Case (Information Only)
Source: (redacted) from English Newspaper)

18 July 1963
Dorset, England

JULY 19, 1963 English Newspaper

Dear Sirs,

Enclosed is a photostat of a clipping I just received from England. You may find it worth looking into as the "Find" seems to be linked with a UFO. If so, here is more tangible evidence which your Group denies to exist.

Sincerely,
(signature redacted)
Wenham, Mass.

FORWARD TO SIGHTING

DEPARTMENT
OFFICE
ATTN: G
OPERATI
PUBLIC
OFFICE
WASHING


- page 27 -

From England, "Yorkshire Post", Hull
July 14, 1963

Sent By: Raymond E. Fowler
13 Friend Court,
Wenham, Mass.

The rest of the text in the document appears to be illegible due to poor image quality.


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

FLYING SAUCER
REVIEW
SEPTEMBER-OCTOBER 1963

VOLUME 9, No. 5                                                   6th YEAR OF PUBLICATION

[Text on diagram]
Area within this outer perimeter practically defined of planes
"92"
4°
12'
10'
Shallow depression not more than 30' below ground level
5' across and 3' deep
Barley
Potatoes
Ridges

THE WILTSHIRE CRATER
FULL INSIDE STORY


- page 29 -

Here is the text from the document:

THE WILTSHIRE CRATER MYSTERY
The meteorite that never was
by Waveney Girvan

Jul. 16, 1963, will long be remembered in the annals of British UFOlogy. It brought the subject of flying saucers back into the headlines of the newspapers, attracting widespread comment and speculation and leaving the experts bewildered. That was not all it exposed once and for all the reception process by Whitehall upon the public and the press. Whitehall was occasionally baffled by the occurrence, but the time, the "crater" is now reasonably clear.

[The rest of the first column continues but is partially illegible]

Something landed on Farmer Blanchard's field at the Manor Farm, Charlton, near Corsham, Wilts. On the ground were first discovered by farmer Alexander. They overlapped a potato field and a barley field. The marks comprised a saucer-shaped depression of crater 6 feet in diameter and about four inches in depth. In the centre of this depression there was found a three feet deep hole variously described as from five inches to one foot in diameter. Radiating from the central hole were four dark marks, four feet long and one foot wide. The object must have landed—I landed it mid-summers, but Mr. Leonard Joliffe, a dairyman on the farm, reported he heard a blue case near it. Approximately 6 a.m. It is not known whether the marks were made by any connection with the mystery.

The Manor Farm, Charlton, is in Wiltshire not Dorset. The confusion is explained by the fact that the postal address is Charlton, near Shaftesbury, Dorset.

The image caption reads: "The crater photographed soon after discovery."


- page 30 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Farmer Roy Blanchard's a
man of sound commonsense. He
said in the police wire, in turn,
summoned the Army. Captain
John Rogers, chief of the Army
Bomb Disposal Unit of Horsham,
was, arrived on the scene to
conduct investigations. It is nec-
essary in view of certain criticisms
that will be made later to say
that the brave men who under-
take these dangerous operations
deserve nothing but the highest
praise. It is a pity that their work
should have been involved in
mystification resulting from
official policy.

Captain Rogers's preliminary
report indicated that there were
no burn or scorch marks, nor
any trace of an explosion. "My
superior and I are baffled," was
all he could say. Farmer Roy
Blanchard was more forthright:
"There isn't a trace of the pot-
atoes and barley which were grow-
ing where the crater is now. No
stalks, no leaves, no roots," he
pointed out, adding, "The thing
was heavy enough to crush rocks
and stones to powder. Yet it came
down gently. We heard no crash
and whatever power it uses
(dues no heat or noise: I believe
that we have received a letter
from a spaceship from another
world." (See Daily Sketch, July
17.) When interviewed by Mr.
Gordon Creighton, on behalf of
the FLYING SAUCER REVIEW, Mr.
Blanchard gave the impression
that he had been warned to
remain silent. His comments were
asked - he was opinion of
the cow found with burn marks
- in its hide, he quickly answered
that that had nothing to do with
the case and that he knew what
had caused the damage. When
Mr. Creighton told him that sim-
lar occurrences in Brazil had
caused a drop in the milk yield,
Mr. Blanchard not unnaturally,
said he was very sorry to learn
this.

On July 19, it was reported
that Captain Rogers had sought
permission from his superiors to
make a draft and send that his
findings so far were rather in-
conclusive and indicated a some-
what off-some site, deeply em-
bedded. He added: "We have
never encountered anything like

GLOUCESTER

0 5 10 15 20 miles

BERKSHIRE

WILTSHIRE

Mere
Salisbury
Tisbury
Shaftesbury Donhead
Charlton

HAMPSHIRE

DORSET

this before." One of his men later
told reporters that his detector
behaved wildly. This is a crucial
point in the mystery in view of
the sequel. In these two mo-
ments perhaps the vital clue.
It was fortunate that the in-
vestigators were initially carried
out by the Army and not the Air
Ministry. Observer the close of
official scientific work base
extended much earlier. At this
stage the investigators were open
and above board. The Southern
Evening News at Salisbury told
me that a small piece of metal had
been recovered from the hole but
that it held no special signifi-
cance.

In the Southern Evening Echo
of July 20, the name of Dr.
Robert Randall first appeared
and it was he who first pro-
pounded the "wavecraft from
Uranus" theory. Subsequently,
other newspapers suggested
that he was officially helping the

Bomb Disposal Unit in same the
mystery. After Dr. Randall's
appearance on television, the
Daily Telegraph on July 24
printed his theory that the
three-legged "spaceship" from
Uranus had landed in the field
for repairs. In other papers it
was reported that he was an
astro-physicist from Woomen,
Australia. When I telephoned Dr.
Randall, however, he denied hav-
ing made such claims though he
had lived at Woomen. He also
denied that he was a physicist
but claimed to be a medical
doctor. Further enquiries dis-
closed that he was, or had been,
a process-chaser at Vickers, an
engineering factory at Weybridge.
Surely, later, he became rather
elusive and for the purposes of
this story we must bid him a
temporary farewell. Our en-
quiries, however, continue. The
mystery of Dr. Randall re-
mains — the solution may be
simple or it may be more pro-

4


- page 31 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Area within this outer perimeter practically denuded of plants

Barley

Shallow depression not more than 3' to 4' below ground level

5' across and 3' deep

Potatoes in ridges

[The rest of the text is as follows:]

On July 23, the Daily Express reported that it had become known that villages policemen, Police Constable Anthony Penny, stated that he had seen for some hours flash - through the sky in July 10 and again near the field in which the strange marks were found. He had not reported the fact earlier as he had been on holiday. Meanwhile investigations continued and the testing was given very serious attention.

It was not very difficult to prophesy what would happen when it was authoritatively reported that two Air Force officials had arrived on the scene - it was shown to no less pretend-

ing that a weather balloon had made a hole in the ground and had penetrated to some six feet. It was bound to be a meteorite, and when the object was finally dug up, with Mr. Patrick Moore present, the object was in a way parted all over again. Mr. Moore said: "It is something from outer space and almost certainly a meteorite, though a shrunken one compared with many others on record." However, by creating down at some 45 miles per hour it would have punched a hole into a very effective "wheel with spoke shape of the crater." (See the Guestlow, July 26.) The Southern Command announced that the half-prepared jump of matter was being sent to the British Museum for investigation. It should be remembered that Patrick Moore had already committed himself to the opinion on television that the object was a meteorite and as a fanatical opponent of the flying saucer would be determined to seize upon any possibility to debunk them.

The one part of Patrick Moore's statement, which was to be proved accurate, was the shrimp-like size. By comparison, the crater was a writable wreck. It was impossible that the force could have caused the hole. Neither could it have caused the four radiating dot marks.

Time was running short. Two hours and similar experiences had taught me low difficult it is to review a story that has been killed. (Authority, no doubt, relies upon this as part of its technique in blocking information.) While it is true that Southern Command and Patrick Moore had protected themselves with a "probably," the public would tend to ignore this and accept the meteorite as the final explanation. Action that day, July 24, was imperative. But what action?

[Note: There is a diagram/illustration in the center of the page showing a circular area with measurements and markings around various crops/plants]


- page 32 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Patrick
Moore,
F.R.A.S.
F.R.S.A.
Expert's
opinion:
• Shrap-
nel sized
crater
down to
... 4
miles per
second"

[Main Text - Partially Transcribed]

"... quickly people. Dr
[illegible text] came to my aid. I had
[illegible text] after racing in
[illegible text] book. The World of
Flying Saucers, which is referred
[illegible text] in this issue. I felt
[illegible text] this professional
[illegible text] would not overlook
[illegible text] as possible sources of
[illegible text]. I was not dis-
[illegible text] he devoted a section
[illegible text] the book to this subject. He
[illegible text] that it was difficult to dis-
[illegible text] the witnesses because
[illegible text] meters very often burn out as
[illegible text] soon as they reach our atmo-
[illegible text] sphere. Only infrequently can
[illegible text] they be traced when they land in
[illegible text] the form of a meteorite. On pages
[illegible text] 102 and 103 of his book, he refers
[illegible text] to the Norton County, Kansas
[illegible text] incident of February 18, 1948,
[illegible text] when a fireball (allegedly causing
[illegible text] saucer reports) was seen. The
[illegible text] meteorite fell in Furnas County
[illegible text] and weighed more than a ton
[illegible text] had made a hit-foot crater.
[illegible text] The impact occurred in a field. I
[illegible text] quote from Dr. Menzel web.
[illegible text] Training the Norton, Kansas
[illegible text] Meteorite Fall," a Sky and Tele-
[illegible text] scope, Vol. vii (1948), p. 254,
[illegible text] which refers to the field as-
[illegible text] ... so arranged with weeds
[illegible text] that even the large crater made
[illegible text] by the meteor-breaking main
[illegible text] mass of fall was finally located
[illegible text] only when the farmer's simi-
[illegible text] lar tractor started to fall into
[illegible text] it."

[Rest of text continues but portions are illegible]

The page also contains a black and white photograph of a person, presumably Patrick Moore, in profile.


- page 33 -

Text found in the document:

National Aeronautics Space Admin
Washington, D.C.

Postmark date: AUG 8 1963

There is an administrative form/document with some boxes, but the text in those boxes is not clearly legible.

The image appears to be an envelope or document page with a postage stamp featuring a portrait of a historical figure (likely George Washington).


- page 34 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[The text appears to be a page from a UFO report, with the page number 7 at the bottom. The text discusses various details about a UFO-related incident, mentioning names like Patrick Moore, Dr. Robert Randall, and Major Wall. There are several sections of text, including a section labeled "NOTES" with numbered points. Some of the text discusses a "Bomb Disposal Unit" and various newspaper references from July 1963.]

The text is mostly legible, with some areas slightly faded or blurry. Would you like me to transcribe the specific text I can clearly read?


- page 35 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO CASE INVESTIGATION ONLY                                                July 1963
                                                                           Dorset, England

File: SAUCER ALBUM - VOL 1 - FALL 67

Did Bomb or Saucer Put Hole
in a British Potato Patch?

The small townlet of Charlton, England (population 423) was suddenly placed on the map during July, 1963, when a strange 8 foot wide crater appeared in a potato patch on the farm of Mr. Roy Blanchard.

Two members of parliament demanded an investigation. An army bomb disposal unit appeared on the scene on July 24th, stating that they were tackling the crater as a "normal bomb disposal job."

Speculation zipped around the country. Some thought it was a meteor, while others speculated that it might have been the result of a World War Two Bomb, which deteriorated for twenty years before finally going off. Still others, including Blanchard, the owner of the farm, thought it was the imprint of a landed "flying saucer."

Hundreds of curious sightseers began to appear in the area around the farm. Among them was a man claiming to be an Australian Scientist. He claimed that the crater was made by a spacecraft from the planet Uranus. However, a check with local scientific circles showed that they had no knowledge of the man.

On July 26th it was announced that the Army unit, which had been digging at the site, claimed to have found a meteor of tennis ball size. Maj. H.P. Quartrough, speaking on behalf of the Army unit, stated "Our interest in the incident is at an end."

Despite the apparent explanation, sightseers continued to peer into the roped-off crater. Why? Several points do not fit the meteor explanation.

First, there was the fact that in a neighboring barley field, a fifty-foot circle of barley had been beaten down, coinciding with the appearance of the crater.

Also, coinciding with the advent of the crater was the fact that one of Mr. Blanchard's cows began to shed its milk, as if it were burned. Could this have been caused by the meteor? The site was also noted, that barley and potatoes were missing from Mr. Blanchard's field, apparently unaccountably.

What does Blanchard think? "As far as I'm concerned," he said, "something strange landed in those fields. And when it took off again, some of my potatoes and barley went with it."

In the last issue of Saucer Album, we discussed the censorship of information related to unidentified flying objects by the United States Air Force. Could the British Army have a similar policy? Is it possible that the "meteor" has a hoax? Even if this is not true, how does one explain the vanished vegetables, burned livestock, etc. in the context of our meteor theory?


- page 36 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY                                                July 63
                                                                    Dorset England

SOURCE: SAUCER REVIEW - SEP + OCT 63

                        Mysterious Holes

Strange happenings in July. A 15-ft. wide crater was found near Flamborough Head, and an unidentified flying object was reported in the same area. Some schoolboys claimed to have sighted a flying saucer over Roundhay Park woods, Leeds. Further holes were found in Dorset and East Lochan. The Dorset area was only about eight feet wide, and a local farmer, Mr. Gould, found a hole near his farm where it was found have not been crushed—they have simply disappeared, roots and all. A cow in a nearly field began peeling in scales, as if it had been scorched. Yesterday, yet more holes were reported, this time in Westmorland. A huge channel connects them with a river almost a mile away. One of the farmers who discovered them wonders if they have any connection with his recent loss of 40 sheep. Curious and curious.

Only one of the holes has been thoroughly examined—the Flamborough Head crater, for example, was said, rather weakly, to have been caused by lightning exploding a pocket of natural gas. Army experts, however, were called to the Dorset hole. They came to some negative conclusions—that it was caused neither by a meteorite, nor a bomb—but could go no further. Questions have been tabled in Parliament.

The blame the Bomb movement—what will happen now the bomb is banned—has always taken care of irregular weather, bad health, the high rate of unmarried pregnancy, and so forth. But holes are obviously the prerogative of flying saucers. To them, there is no mystery. The holes were made by craft from other planets. Their ideas should not be dismissed too lightly. About 70,000 people have claimed to have seen flying saucers. Of course, they could all be wrong.

Fourth leader in the Yorkshire Post, August 1.
Reprinted with kind permission of the Editor.

Published by Flying Saucer Service Ltd., 1 Doughty Street, W.C.1, and printed in Great Britain by Surrey Fine Art Press Ltd., Cavendish Road, Redhill, Surrey.


- page 37 -

Here is the text from the document:

NOTES ON THE DUFTON FELL CRATER
JOHN BAINBRIDGE

The Charlton crater was reported fully in the September-October issue of the FLYING SAUCER REVIEW as it had attracted the widest publicity, but others, including the Westmorland crater, were briefly reported in the World Round Up section. Here is a fuller report by a local investigator of a still unexplained phenomenon.

Location and approach.—Dufton Fell in North Westmorland. Nearest approach by car from the south: Appleby through Brougham and then on to Middleton-in-Teesdale, then take the turning to High Force and proceed to London Hotel. Turn left 20 yards before hotel and proceed approximately two miles to some disused mining buildings in the valley.

Description of valley.—A shallow water-logged road on a considerable height above sea-level. The gathering ground for the River Tees. No trees. No other buildings in sight other than the disused mining buildings. The two craters are clearly visible across on the hill-side on the other side of the valley. Distance away from the buildings, possibly one and a half miles. The valley floor is little less than a treacherous bog, traversed by the River Tees and with numerous deep gullies up to six feet deep and at places six to eight feet wide. Even the firmest ground squelshed under foot with moisture. The hill-sides even up to the craters, were only a little better.

The craters.—There are two of them, approximately 150 to 200 yards apart, set well up on the hill-side about two-thirds of the way to the top. Both craters are more or less level with each other, with a slight rise of ground between them. The features of each crater are more or less identical. These consist of the "crater" itself with a depth, for the purpose of this report, I will call the impact areas and from which lead of down to the valley, a form of extensive gullying. The gullies are very much greater in the area of damage than the actual impact areas which are only about 30 to 40 yards across. The gullies are at least half a mile in extent, probably more. In fact, they extended out of sight round the fold in the hill. Indeed, the whole phenomenon is consistent with a vast column of water being poured or dropped on to the impact area and then tearing its way down the hill-side causing severe and extensive damage on the way. Just how extensive the damage is can perhaps be visualised when I describe how at least one slab of solid earth the size of a large sheep was bodily swept down the hill-side. This slab was chest high, had been piled on top. The craters themselves, which were about two feet deep and very irregular in shape, were the smallest part of the total damage. There were no magnetic reactions to be observed with my pocket compass. (There would seem to be no apparent connection with the UFO problem, though the mystery of the 40 missing sheep must remain a puzzle if "natural phenomenon" is offered as a solution.—Ed Note.)


- page 38 -

Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol 12, #1, March 1965
Charlton, Wiltshire, England
13 July 1963

....While on the subject of hoaxes, we must add a foot-note to our cover story for the December 1963 SAUCER NEWS, which was about a mysterious crater discovered in a field at Charlton, Wiltshire, England. In our write-up of the incident, we remarked that the facts seemed to be authentic, except for wild "lunatic fringe" statements made by one Doctor Robert Randall, who was one of the first investigators on the scene. Dr. Randall grabbed headlines in England by claiming, without any supporting evidence whatsoever, that the crater was made by a 600-ton spaceship, which he described in detail from his imagination. Now we learn from a recent English newspaper that Dr. Randall is still making fantastic claims of various sorts. He has organized a saucer society called Co-fu-X, and is offering to provide the frequency of a radio link with the planet Uranus. For the price of one pound. The trouble is that saucer researchers who have received nothing - giving confirmation to our original impression that the good doctor is a quack.....


- page 39 -

Information Only
Source: Flying Saucers, Aug 64

14 July 1963
Parkstone, Great B.

On the morning of Sunday, 14th
July, 1963 Mr. Frank Selwood of
Albert Road, Parkstone woke at
3 a.m. and on looking out of
his bedroom window he was amazed
to see a strange object in the
early morning sky. For, hovering

over a gateholer at the back of
his house was a huge, cigar-shaped
object "about as big as four terrace houses".

After trying unsuccessfully to
wake his wife, Mr. Selwood returned to the window to find the
object still hovering about 300 feet
from the ground. In the middle
was an intermittent wavy blue-
green light. From the object
came a flapping sound, like a
broken-down dynamo, and a quiet
sort of whistling.

It continued to hover for almost
three minutes and then suddenly
sprang into life. The motor whined
louder and the flashing light became continuous along the object's
entire length. It then moved off
towards the west at a fantastic
speed.

Friends and relatives to whom
Mr. Selwood spoke about his experience did not believe him, and
suggested that he had a bad dream.
But he has talked about the incident so much since that they
are now sure that he did see something, and that it was no dream
or hallucination.

This sighting was made three
days before the news of the Charlton Crater was reported in the
newspapers.


- page 40 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   17 July 1963 Clinton, Ohio
FSIC (August 1963)

CLINTON, OHIO - July 17, 1963.....9:00 PM
An elongated object described as "like a
watermelon in shape." - Direction N.E. -
More information needed.


- page 41 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                17 July 1963
FSIC (Aug 1963)                                                                   Mansfield, Ohio

MANSFIELD, OHIO-July 17, 1963-10:10PM-DST
Mr Earl I Seilay, 60, of 376 Harding Rd, was sitting outdoors with several neighbors. They were facing east when a very bright white light, coming from a position about 1900 azimuth (S) with an elevation of approx 20°-25°, crossed their field of view. The observer said that the light seemed to be as large as a grapefruit, and that it obscured any body of which it might have been a part.

He estimated that at its closest point, the great light was about three miles away. It flew horizontally and in a straight path, fading from view at an azimuth of 58° (ENE). The object was seen for only 35 seconds. The weather was clear, visibility excellent. No red or green lights, no sound or trail. This sighting was printed in Mansfield News Journal of July 26, 1963.


- page 42 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)

SOURCE: FSIC

17 July 1963 Akron, Ohio

S AKRON-July 17, 1963..........1115 PM
An elongated object, changing from yellow
to white, with change of shape was seen
at least two observers....Direction S.E.
Elevation 20°-70° (ascending)..More later


- page 43 -

Here is the text from the document:

July 63

CASE DATE LOCATION UNIDENT CATR B DR H 1st C 2nd C 3rd C

1 1 Glen Ellyn, Illinois UNIDENT A/C MISIN >583 Prob A/C
2 1 Oakmurst, New Jersey ECHO Prob Echo Prob A/C
3 2 55N 35W (Atlantic) A/C A/C A/C A/C Prob A/C
4 3 Klamath Falls, Oregon NSUFO Tariff Lunch Insuff
5 4 26.04N 127.53E (Far East) SATELLITE Sat Satellite Satellite
6 4 25.02N 127.15E (Far East) ECHO Echo Echo Echo
7 4 Hamilton, Montana ECHO Prob Echo Echo Echo
8 6 Sioux City, Iowa A/C Prob A/C prob A/C
9 6 Sioux City, Iowa ECHO Prob Echo Echo Echo
10 8 13.58N 81.38W (Gulf of Mexico) ECHO Echo Echo Echo
11 9 Arlington Heights, Illinois ECHO Prob Echo Echo Echo
12 10 Dayton, Ohio A/C Prob A/C prob/o prob A/C conventional
13 11 Ludington, Michigan A/C Prob A/C prob A/C
14 15 22.02N 117.00E (Far East) ECHO Prob Echo Echo Echo
15 15 Plainview, L.I. New York FLARE Prob Ok Prob Flare
16 15 East Orange, New Jersey ECHO Prob Echo Echo Echo
17 16 Baker, Oregon BALLOON Balloon Balloon Prob Balloon
18 16 35.38N 176.23W (Pacific) ECHO Prob Echo Echo Echo
19 17 Spencer, West Virginia SATELLITE Convent prob Sat conventional


- page 44 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO: Hq USAF SAF-OI 3b (Mrs Gaiser)
Wash 25 D C

1. Reference the attached letter from [redacted] requesting information on an unidentified flying object. This letter is forwarded to your office for whatever action you deem necessary.

2. The sighting on 17 Jul was not ECHO I. It is possible that the object was 1963 B THETA I or a high flying aircraft.

3. Suggest that an ECHO schedule be sent to Mr Reed for future sightings.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of] de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

1 Atch
Itr
dtd 18 Jul 63

30 SE 1963


- page 45 -

MOODY'S COMMENTS ON JULY 1-17 1963 SIGHTINGS

CASE
1. See what you can do with this case..... My #informant indicates that Comets don't usually move more than 15 deg per hour except while close to the sun and then you can't see them. Two Comets that I know of are visible during this period. The duration and brightness has me puzzled.... As BRIGHT as VENUS???
4. Certain Dearborn Observatory can answer this case..... Interesting case..... Probably should have done more with this.....
8. Another of those flashing strobe. At least this one was observed for one minute. Maybe a little short for the duration for an a/c, but what else.....

Info Wiltshire Crater Hoover....

15. Dr Hynek has copies of the photos....

CASES WITH SIGNIFICANCE....

1. All UNIDENTIFIEDS are worth mentioning.. Though I don't suspect this will be Unidentified for long....
4. Might have been worth investigating.....
8. Flashing strobe with short duration....
15. All photo cases are included.....


- page 46 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

394
Science News Letter for June 22, 1963

ASTRONOMY

Scorpion Shines in South

A total eclipse of the sun, visible along a path about 60 miles wide crossing Alaska, Canada and Maine, July 20, is the astronomical event of the month.

By JAMES STOKLEY

> WITH THE COMING of July, the evening skies take on their typical summer appearance. The constellation of Scorpius, the scorpion, shines in the south, with the star Antares, distinctly red in color, as the most prominent member.

But the most unusual astronomical event of the month is a total eclipse of the sun, on Saturday, July 20. It will be visible along a path about 60 miles wide, which crosses Alaska, Canada and Maine. The rest of the United States and Canada will see a partial eclipse, with the dark disc of the moon covering only part of the sun's visible surface.

The accompanying maps show the approximate time of the eclipse, about 10 p.m. your own kind of standard time (or 11 p.m. daylight saving time) at the first of July, and about an hour earlier in the middle of the month.

The brightest star that is visible is Vega, in Lyra, the lyric which is high in the east. Below it is the figure of Cygnus, the swan, in which another bright star, Deneb, stands. Both these stars are shown on the map of the northern sky. And to the right of Cygnus (shown on the southern map) is Altair, in Aquila, the eagle.

The great dipper, most familiar of all stellar figures, and part of Ursa Major, great bear, hangs in the northwest. At the bottom are Dubhe and Merak, the pole stars.

Which include the direction of Polaris, the pole star, over to the right. And the top of the dipper extends upward, with the stars Alioth, Mizar and Alkaid in a very long curve. If you follow this curve over into the southern sky, it brings you to over into the southern sky, it brings you to the bright stars: Arcturus, in Bootes, the herdsman, and Spica, in Virgo, the virgin. The later group is low in the southwest.

Mars and Jupiter Visible

Two planets are visible in the evening this month, though neither is very prominent. Mars is visible low in the west in the early evening. It is now quite far away and thus, combined with its low altitude, makes it quite faint. Low in the east, Capricornus, the sea-goat, is Saturn. Later in the night-around midnight-Jupiter rises in the east in the constellation of Pisces.

How an Eclipse Occurs

Occasionally, however, full or new moon occurs when the three bodies are in line; then we have an eclipse. On July 6, for example, at the time of full moon, the moon will partially enter the earth's shadow, producing a partial lunar eclipse. As it happens during daylight hours here, we will not see it. From other parts of the world-Europe, Asia and Africa-people will see the shadow of our planet on the face of the moon.

Two weeks later, the moon will have moved halfway around in its circuit of the earth, bringing the new phase. This time the lunar shadow will reach us. Because the sun's 864,000-mile diameter is so much greater than the moon's 2,160 miles, the lunar shadow tapers to a point. At the time of total eclipse the shadow reaches a little farther than the earth's distance at 230,000 miles from the moon. The diameter of the shadow on the earth is 60 miles or so, first touches our planet on Hokkaido, t it goes northward over the Pacific

and outshines any other star or planet. Just before sunrise you will see Venus low in the east. It is even brighter than Jupiter but will be harder to see because of the light of dawn and its low altitude.

Total Eclipse Due

The total eclipse of the sun that will occur on July 20 is the first visible in the United States or Canada since June 30, 1954. And the last until March 7, 1970. However, this one covers quite a different part of the country. The one in 1954 started in the Midwest and its path went northeastward over Canada toward Greenland. That of 1970 will cross Mexico, the Gulf of Mexico and Florida.

The last eclipse visible in the northeastern part of the country was on Aug. 31, 1932. The path in which that one could be seen is a total was similar to that of this year's eclipse. It came down from the Arctic, crossing Hudson Bay, Quebec, Vermont, New Hampshire, Maine and Cape Cod.

An eclipse occurs when one astronomical object moves through the shadow of another. Both earth and moon cast shadows into space-in the direction away from the sun which illuminates them. Once every 29 days the moon goes around the earth, and we see it change in phase from new moon, through first quarter to full moon, then last quarter and new moon again. When new, the moon is approximately between earth and sun, and at the full phase the earth is between the moon and sun. But generally they are not exactly in line, and the shadow of one body passes north or south of the other.

[The document also includes two star charts showing the night sky in July, with constellations and star positions marked.]


- page 47 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for June 22, 1963

Path of Totality

To make the many scientific observations best performed at a total solar eclipse, astronomers and other scientists will travel to various points along the path of totality. They have selected locations that offer the best chance of clear weather, for very often in the past clouds have come in front of the sun at the same time the moon did. Elaborate preparations were thus made in

If you are in the path in Maine, and it is clear, and you are watching the sun with the essential eye protection, such as smoked glass, at about 5:10 p.m., EDT, you will notice a small nick in the edge of the solar disc, as the dark moon starts across it. For about an hour more and more of the sun will be hidden. Then, if you have a good view to the northwest, you may see the umbra approaching, at rocket speed.

By this time only a very narrow crescent of the solar disc is visible, and then the total eclipse arrives. For an instant, the crescent may break up into a series of beads, as the light from the edge of the sun shines through valleys on the edge of the moon. The sun's outermost layer, the corona, flashes into view, around the dark lunar disc. Perhaps some solar prominences, which glow with the red light of hydrogen, will appear at the base of the pearly white corona, which extends in all directions.

Totality lasts only about a minute. As the shadow moves on, the beads reappear, this time on the western edge of the sun. Then come the crescent, which gradually enlarges. After another hour the sun, low in the west, will have moved on.

But even if you are not fortunate enough to be in the path of totality and to see the most magnificent sights that nature has to offer, it will be interesting to watch the partial eclipse, on the afternoon of Saturday, July 20.

Be sure to have adequate protection for the eyes, such as several overexposed photographic negatives or the traditional densely smoked glass, sunglasses, and even welder's goggles, do NOT give adequate protection to the eyes' delicate interior membranes.

Celestial Time Table for July

JULY EDT
1 2:00 am Moon farthest, distance 251,581 miles
4 5:47 pm Earth farthest from sun (for year), distance 94,450,000 miles
6 5:56 pm Full moon (partial lunar eclipse, not visible in U.S.)
9 3:00 pm Moon passes Saturn
13 3:00 pm Moon passes Jupiter
6:00 pm Mercury behind sun
9:53 pm Moon in last quarter
16 2:00 pm Moon nearest, distance 228,600 miles
20 5:43 pm New moon, total eclipse
25 6:00 am Moon passes Mars
29 9:13 am Moon in first quarter
8:00 pm Moon farthest, distance 251,200 miles

The rest of the text includes sections about "Scorpion Shines in South", "U.S. Water Small Fraction of Child's Fluid Intake", and an article about a psychiatric association, but these are partially cut off or illegible.


- page 48 -

18 - 31 JULY 1963 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                                OBSERVER           EVALUATION

18      Three Lakes, Wisconsin                  [redacted]         AIRCRAFT
18      Lompoc, California                      [redacted]         BALLOON
18      Key West, Florida                       [redacted]         Astro (METEOR)
18      McLean, Virginia                        [redacted]         BALLOON
18      40 mi NE of Las Vegas, Virginia         Military           Other (MISSILE)
19      Cooperstown, New York                                      1. AIRCRAFT
                                                                   2. INSUFFICIENT DATA

20      35.20N 174.09W (Pacific)                Military           INSUFFICIENT DATA
20      Fairborn, Ohio                                             BALLOON
20      15.3N 115.08W (Pacific)                                    Astro (METEOR)
22      Arlington, Virginia                                        Astro (JUPITER)
22      Englewood, Ohio                                            Astro (ANTARES)
23      Houston, Texas                                             INSUFFICIENT DATA
23      Stoneham, Mass                                             SATELLITE
24      Key West, Florida                                          Astro (METEOR)
25      Cincinnati, Ohio                                           Astro (JUPITER)
25      Dayton, Ohio                                               Astro (JUPITER)
26      Hollywood, California                                      BALLOON
26      Yakutat, Alaska                         FAA Personnel      Astro (METEOR)
27      Morehead, Kentucky                                         AIRCRAFT
29      Craig, Colorado                                            AIRCRAFT
29      Potomac, Maryland                                          BALLOON
30      Philippines                              Multiple          Other (MISSILE)
31      Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania                                 Astro (METEOR)
31-6 Aug Scarsdale, New York                                       AIRCRAFT

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                                SOURCE             EVALUATION

Jul     Universe                                Science News Ltr
18      Junction City, Kansas                   (Form 164)
20      Charlton Dorset, England                News Clipping
22      Cheltenham, England                     "
21      British Isles, Great Britain            "
24      Leeds, England                          "
24      New York, New York                      (Green 164)
25      Stratford-on-Avon, Great Britain        News Clipping
25      Blackpool, England                      "
25      Lanarkshire, Scotland                   "
25      Trenton, Michigan                       (Green 164)
25Jul-1 Aug Wolverhampton, England              News Clipping
27      Bernardo de Irigoyen, Argentina         "
27      Cumberland, England                     "
28      Bristol, England                        "


- page 49 -

18 - 31 JULY 1963 SIGHTINGS

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                SOURCE          EVALUATION
29 Jul   Plummerville, Arkansas  News Clipping   
29       Chelmsford, England     "              "
29       Quincy, Mass.            "              "
29       Caracas, Venezuela       "              "
30       England                  "              "
30       Nottingham, England      "              "
30       Somerset, England        "              "
31       Medway, England          "              "
31       SE England               "              "
31       Southend, England        "              "
31       Scotland                 "              "


- page 50 -

COPY

Spencer, West Virginia

National Space & Aeronautics Adm
Washington, D.C.

July 18, 1963

Gentlemen:

About 10:40 PM on July 17 we observed a space vehicle almost directly overhead and traveling about Northeast (or perhaps ENE).

As such an observation was not announced via news media, we are, of course, curious. Could you identify this space vehicle for us?

Respectfully,
(Signed)

COPY


- page 51 -

October 3, 1963

Dear Mr.

In response to your letter requesting identification of a space vehicle which you observed on the night of July 17th, we have investigated and found that what you probably saw was either 1963 THETA I or a high flying aircraft. The sighting was not ECHO I.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr.
Spencer, West Virginia


- page 52 -

Here is the text from the document:

INTELLIGENCE, ILL.                                                 EST

30 JULY, 61 JULY, SOUTH OF CITY, 25 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON MOVING SE

30 JULY, 61 JULY, SOUTH OF CITY, 10 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON MOVING SE

30 JULY, 61 JULY, SOUTH OF CITY, 60 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON MOVING SE

30 JULY, 61 JULY, SOUTH OF CITY, 15 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON MOVING SE

30 JULY, 61 JULY, SOUTH OF CITY, 26 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON MOVING SE

30 JULY, 61 JULY, SOUTH OF CITY, 11 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON MOVING SE

30 JULY, 61 JULY, SOUTH OF CITY, 94 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON MOVING SE

30 JULY, 61 JULY, SOUTH OF CITY, 15 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON MOVING SE

30 JULY, 61 JULY, SOUTH OF CITY, 65 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON MOVING SE

30 JULY, 61 JULY, SOUTH OF CITY, 27 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON MOVING SE

30 JULY, 61 JULY, SOUTH OF CITY, 12 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON MOVING SE

30 JULY, 61 JULY, SOUTH OF CITY, 15 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON MOVING SE

30 JULY, 61 JULY, SOUTH OF CITY, 12 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON MOVING SE

30 JULY, 61 JULY, SOUTH OF CITY, 65 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON MOVING SE

30 JULY, 61 JULY, SOUTH OF CITY, 11 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON MOVING SE

30 JULY, 61 JULY, SOUTH OF CITY, 12 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON MOVING SE

30 JULY, 61 JULY, SOUTH OF CITY, 62 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON MOVING SE

30 JULY, 61 JULY, SOUTH OF CITY, 61 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON MOVING SE

30 JULY, 61 JULY, SOUTH OF CITY, 11 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON MOVING SE

30 JULY, 61 JULY, SOUTH OF CITY, 63 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON MOVING SE

30 JULY, 61 JULY, SOUTH OF CITY, 60 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON MOVING SE

30 JULY, 61 JULY, SOUTH OF CITY, 11 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON MOVING SE

30 JULY, 61 JULY, SOUTH OF CITY, 17 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON MOVING SE

30 JULY, 61 JULY, SOUTH OF CITY, 21 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON MOVING SE


- page 53 -

Here is the text from the document:

This came from a look

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Friday     July     1963-2
Day        Month    Year

2. Time of day:    4:00
                Hours   Minutes   (Circle One)   AM   or   P.M.

3. Time Zone:      (Circle One)   a. Eastern
                   b. Central
                   c. Mountain
                   d. Pacific
                   e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Normal Postal Address                 City or Town                 State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    a. Certain                         Hours   Minutes   Seconds
    b. Fairly certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes     No        only when I saw it

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                                NIGHT
    a. Bright                          a. Bright
    b. Cloudy                          b. Cloudy
    I won't saying altitude

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    (Circle One)   a. In front of you   d. To your left
                   b. In back of you    e. Overhead
                   c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FTD FORM           This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.
OCT 62 164


- page 54 -

