The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, but it does not contain any photographs. The image shows a form with various fields filled out, including the date, location, type of observation, number of objects, course, and comments.

Transcribed text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 30-20 September
2. LOCATION San Diego, California 
3. DATA-TIME GROUP 2145Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION a Ground-Visual
5. DURATION 5 min
6. OBJECTS MOVED a,c,e Circular, flamed, 
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 5 min
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 5 
9. COURSE SSW
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING See Case file from Witness.
11. COMMENTS Times correspond with passage of Satellites 1959 I.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which was a UFO investigation program conducted by the United States Air Force.

The text in the document is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDTS

SUBJECT: Sighting of UFO

1. The RE USAF SNAP-OIPC (Mrs Geiser)
DATE: 13 Sep 63

2. Mrs Geiser describes the attached sighting report dated 10 - 20 Sep 63.

3. The sightings of 10 - 20 Sep 63 coincide with the passage of Echo I. The MOIO schedule for man index, from the attached sheet, indicates that these activities coincided with the launching of our satellite.

4. For information regarding illusions or optical phenomena associated with the attachment of satellite's flight, I suggest that you contact Captain Coyne for more details of our findings.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

ERIC E. JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Technology and Systems

1. Attech
2. Photo schedule

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a table or schedule of some kind. The text in the image is as follows:

RADIO Schedule for San Diego, California
9 Sep - 20 Sep 1963

At 07.13 PM Sept 09 North of City, 33 degrees above horizon moving NNE
At 07.16 PM Sept 09 North of City, 33 degrees above horizon moving NNE
At 07.19 PM Sept 09 North of City, 33 degrees above horizon moving NNE
At 07.22 AM Sept 10 South of City, 13 degrees above horizon moving NNW
At 07.25 AM Sept 10 North of City, 23 degrees above horizon moving NNE
At 07.28 AM Sept 10 North of City, 23 degrees above horizon moving NNE
At 07.31 AM Sept 11 North of City, 22 degrees above horizon moving NNE
At 07.34 PM Sept 11 North of City, 23 degrees above horizon moving NNE
(The rest of the text appears to be a continuation of this schedule, listing various times, locations, angles, and directions of movement.)

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a typed letter from Major Mason M. Jacks of the USAF Public Information Division to an unnamed recipient in San Diego, California.

The text in the letter is as follows:

October 29, 1963

Dear Mr. ____,

"Reference is made to the report entitled "Observations and Discoveries" which you recently sent to the Air Force."

Your reference to the passage of ECHO is noted. The ECHO satellite passed over the Pacific September 9-30, 1963.

The book "Light and Color" by A.E. Minnaert is recommended for information regarding the discoloration or optical phenomena associated with the dissociation of ECHO's flight path.

Sincerely,
MASON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. ____
San Diego, Calif. 92123

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an official document or report related to unidentified flying objects.

22D BOMBARDMENT WING 
MARCH AIR FORCE BASE, CALIFORNIA

REPLY TO: DODT

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: ATIC (TDC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO

1. The attached correspondence and report was received in this headquarters on 17 October 1963. Due to the lapse of time since the writing of this report, no further investigation or analysis could be made. However, it is believed that the official agencies of the United States Government were apparently notified of this incident and the unusual observations made, and no further action on our part appears to be necessary at this time.

2. If further information is desired concerning this report, an inquiry would appear to be the appropriate action. However, since a more comprehensive inquiry would be performed by higher headquarters, it is suggested that any further action be taken by your office. 

3. A letter has been sent to Mr. "redacted" informing him of the disposition of his report.

/s/ J. J. MCLANCON 
Lt Col, USAF
Deputy Commander for Operations

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the United States Air Force regarding "Unidentified Flying Objects" dated 2 Oct 1963.

HEADQUARTERS
23RD AIR BASE WING
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
NORTON AIR FORCE BASE, CALIFORNIA

2 OCT 1963

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: Base Operations Officer
March AFB, California

1. The attached letter deals with a report of an unidentified flying object forwarded under date of 12 September 1963 from this headquarters.

2. For your information the author has not been notified as to the disposition of his report.

GEORGE J. GULLETT
Lt Col, USAF
Chief, Flight Operations Division

- page 6 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a UFO sighting report. The image shows a sketch or drawing of an unidentified flying object (UFO) labeled "U.F.O." and "S.O.L." The report states that the sighting occurred on September 10, 1963 in San Diego, California.

Observations and Sightings Report
U.F.O. Sighting
S.O.L.
September 10, 1963
San Diego, Calif.

- page 7 -

This image does not contain any photograph, it appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document. The text on the page includes the following:

1) U.S.A.F. INVESTIGATION, 4 SEPTEMBER 1963
2) CASE NO. 9733850, SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA
3) LIEUTENANT COMMANDER S. KARNOW, USN, OBSERVER
4) MAJOR ROBERT GRAHAM, USAF, PHOTO INTERPRETER
5) 833 FILE - 6-2-0, EXHIBIT

The rest of the text is redacted or blacked out.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a handwritten report.

Observation on an object of unknown characteristics was observed on September 10, 1963 in San Diego, California. The report describes the object as hovering above a building, moving erratically, and emitting a bright light. The witness attempted to get a closer look at the object but was unable to do so. The report discusses technical features of the object and the witness's observations, but no definitive identification of the object is provided.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in the shared image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text in the document is as follows:

"The phenomenon's UFO, "Satellite Object", (S14) is what I have described in this report.

On the second sighting, Sept. 8, 1963, "it" was watched at 10:35 p.m. The first sighting was on Sept. 7, 1963, at 11:40 p.m. It was the same object that had been observed in the sky on the previous night. The object remained stationary for a period, then moved rapidly across the sky, disappearing from view. It was triangular in shape and was illuminated. Mr. Lee Shultelem and myself were both watching it at the time.

Many times before this I had seen similar objects in the sky. On this particular night, the object seemed to be clear vertically and stationary for a period of time, then moved rapidly disappearing from view. The same sighting was reported at about 10:35 p.m. on Sept. 8, 1963.

The date seems, the Shultelem, issued was a special motion picture, but the action, as to be clear vertically and stationary, then rapidly disappearing was found by many persons called independent and reliable "untrained observers" that they had witnessed similar sightings before.

The date seems, the Shultelem, issued was a special motion picture, but the action, as to be clear vertically and stationary, then rapidly disappearing was found by many persons called independent and reliable "untrained observers" that they had witnessed similar sightings before.

It is noted that this sighting was on Sept. 7 and 8, 1963, my notebook, I watched the object begin to emerge and obliquely maneuver, become brighter and grow smaller, before disappearing. I did not try to take a picture, as I have tried in the past, and was not successful in obtaining a satisfactory photograph.

About 10:40, it began to linger in the center of the sky for about 2 minutes. The object appeared very metallic, oscillating very rapidly, oscillating apparently more than it had the previous evening at the same approximate time of 10:35 p.m. at the disappearing. The object was observed for about 20 minutes, after which it suddenly increased in speed and disappeared almost immediately after a completion of the same cycle observed the previous night.

Persons called to scene by the phenomenon's UFO, "Satellite Object", were informed of giving two night's details to the Senior Detail. In the location, did pick up and touch the UFO. They confirmed its return."

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report document.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

We would receive many written reports from the witnesses of unusual aerial sightings. (See Sept. 1) and would carefully analyze them for pertinent information to help us determine the nature of the various phenomena. Los Angeles.

Since the date of Sept. 10, (I understand) there is information which reaches us on Sept. 3 and 9 from other witnesses at the scene of this particular sighting.

These additional witnesses and somewhat anonymous associates express certainty that what was seen (as far as we can determine) is not a conventional aircraft. For a careful analysis during the early summer, tentatively, we would indicate that the object or objects sighted have a less conventional characteristics, for similar obvious reasons, and other interpreatation must be considered.

We have reason to believe an aircraft encountered was seen to pause, to hover, to exhibit sudden accelerations, and then disappear. This information has even received.

Since case witnesses, and other concerned people, to attract this thing case, we two enclosed sheets is other pertinent information; one is an article that discusses a sighting data extract observation, such as it is not known whereabouts or status of the object or disappearance, but at radio or secondly to 20 or 30 seconds, and at a later a further report 1 minute or 1 1/2 minutes, at approxmatily one second (possibly not the highest).

No specific conclusion can as yet be drawn on the definite shape, size or color of the object seen, as details of observation by witness were relatively scanty. It will appreciate if such further data as may available can be provided.

NOTES: "52-4" was not seen upon the date of the conclusion of this report.

The cover sheet was made out on 7/30 and the continuation was dated 9/27, 1963.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text on the page appears to be a description or report of some kind, but does not mention any specific photographs.

Observations and details, characterization unusual maneuvers and attitudes
are close to accurate in the following, but most in conversational
reported style and presented for the purpose of the official file we believe to be the actual occurrences, in some cases differing slightly from
present research, inasmuch as the events, while actually observed, were
related to us by the original source and have been thus revised and altered
slightly to what we believe to be the actual facts (some conflicting data the reason
for being passed over on the merits). It is however, the best we can give
you based on the sources now accessible. I must caution you, that I have
with all the details seen, oblique or-go-ing references pointing to and
reinforcement of a whole phenomenon of a continuing nature.
I mentioned the "flashing" in and of? before, well, this would of
course be one point where detail might be added to the recorded and
reported events. It is between 10 and 11 of the 12th, shutdown of a was
approx 1/2 was on again. The time between was short, shut-off a was
longer.
Later, these time, measurements, etc. will be more carefully
established to the extent's speed.
It was similar to that observed on 9
satellite in orbit. Should this be considered further? What observable?
I must withhold by calling these occurrences... as I may be unable to.
My suggested approximate time of 10:25 instead of 10:20 and on the previous
evening. It tends to be 25 minutes. How coincident? I can relate, however,
only the facts as reported to me, insofar as I have them, I cannot attest
to or vouch for accuracy or completeness.

- page 12 -

