PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
16 Feb 63

2. LOCATION
Huntington, West Virginia

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 16/1015Z
GMT: 16/1015Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
Source: Civilian

5. PHOTOS
Yes
No

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 minutes

7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

8. COURSE
NW (?)

9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Obj 5 miles near Altair. Brilliance about the same as this star. Obj about 10° above Altair and slightly to the South of it moving across the sky from SE to NW crossing this star. Obj then disappeared in rank of Fog. Obj viewed as point of light.

10. COMMENTS
ECHO I was over Huntington at 0507 AM on 16 Feb South of the city at 220 elevation moving NW. Duration of sighting, approx. 2 min. Position are coincident with obj presented. Observation occurred by clues after 12° flight. Positional data indicates obj moving NW. Sighting characteristic of satellite observation. However, witness gives good position. This and ECHO presents gives positive v/c sighting. NW motion. Most likely satellite.

11. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown


- page 1 -

Unidentified Flying
Objects, Reports

March 1963

Gentlemen:

This sighting was made Saturday morning, 5:15
to 5:17; Feb. 16 1963. the UFO was nearest a star
about 30° above the horizon due East of Huntington
W.Va.

This star is not known to me. But, it may be
identified as follows; it rises during the late morning hours about midway around the horizon between the Morning Star and the Big Dipper. It is a
fairly rapid traveler, reaches about 30° above the
horizon between 5:00 and 5:30 A.M. Rating the
Morning Star as No.1 in size, brilliance and visibility,
the star ranks a poor No.4.

The U.F.O. was visible to me as a point of light,
ranked about No. 4 in size, brilliance and visibility;
a twin of the star I use as a locater point.

I first noticed the U.F.O. when looking at the star
and wondered about a star in that location. It was
about 10° above the locater star and slightly South
of it, then moved across the sky at an angle
from South and East to North and West, passing the
locater star, and disappeared in a bank of fog and
haze as in the diagram.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-

So far as I could estimate, it covered about 10 or 12 degrees on the horizon, along line C-D, in the two minutes time.

Weather conditions: Clear, cold, half-moon, a number of stars, the blanket of haze and mist which commonly hangs over the Ohio Valley.

Observation point: An East window, top floor, main office, the W.Va. Works, Connors Steel Division of H.H. Porter Co. Inc., North-East sector of Huntington, W.Va.

Note: this U.F.O. was visible only as a point of light, it was too far away to make out a tail or superstructure. It did not pulse or dim out. It did not brighten in course of its flight as was the case in my first report in December.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Perhaps they have an improved model which does
not brighten or change color as tell-tale evidence
of sudden speed-ups or ultra high speeds.

Sincerely,

[Redacted]
Huntington, W.Va.


- page 4 -

Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
U. F. O. Reports
Dayton, Ohio


- page 5 -

The text appears to be a series of repeated lines that are mostly illegible. Each line seems to start with "AT" followed by some coordinates or location information and "SOUTH OF CITY", but the specific details are not clearly readable due to the poor image quality and faded text. The document appears to be a typewritten page with multiple sections, but the content is not distinctly discernible.


- page 6 -

