The image does not contain any photographs, it is a Project 10073 record card. 

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
2. LOCATION
North Andover, Massachusetts
3. TIME
0330 EDC, 2/23/63
4. PHOTOS
G Yes
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 mins
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
2
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Witness reported that the objects maneuver at high speed and then appeared to hover stationary and then accelerate at high speed and disappeared. The information indicates that the sighting was evaluated and determined to be possibly astronomical in nature.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with questions and fields to be filled out.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 17 SEX MALE
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram and some text. The diagram shows an illustration of an object in the sky above the horizon, along with a compass rose.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.
30° 75° 60°
23°
30°
15° 0°
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a document page from Project Blue Book with handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
15 day 3 month 1963 year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

2 bright lights were observed. One light appeared to have a red color which blinked on and off and then changed to a steady white light and then blacked out. The other light appeared to be a steady white light which then blacked out. No sound was heard. The objects appeared to move in a straight course and then blacked out.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.
April 10, 1963

PUBLIC AFFAIRS MEMORANDUM FOR DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION, USAF
SUBJECT: Referral of Correspondence

The enclosed correspondence is forwarded for consideration and appropriate action. Because the direct reply to the writer who has referred this case to you is not requested, information copy of your reply is not required.

Incl: Did 31 Mar
North Andover, Mass.

Staff Assistant
Directors for Special Activities
GE-RRD-776, The Pentagon
Liberty 5-6700, Ext. 76462

H 33 378

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

North Andover, Massachusetts
March 31, 1963

SUBJECT: Sighting of unidentified aerial objects

At approximately 3:45 today, Sunday, I spotted three bright objects circulating in an east-northeasterly direction over North Andover. The objects were circulating each other and passing each other. I saw them only for about a minute then suddenly they vanished. I'd say they were at an approximate height of three miles and traveling at an approximate 1,000 miles an hour.

Yours truly,
[Redacted]

Case 23: The committee generally disagrees with classifying this as unidentified because if the facts are as presented, the phenomena observed can be attributed to a natural or conventional explanation, if the details are provided by the observer. A lack of sufficient information or insufficient follow-up is the reason for the disagreement.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a letter from G. R. Hart, Major, USAF, Public Information Division, Office of Information, dated April 19, 1963. The letter thanks the recipient for their letter of March 31st and expresses appreciation for their interest in Air Force activities.

April 19, 1963

Dear Mr. _______

Thank you for your letter of March 31st. It has been forwarded to the Air Force Foreign Technology Division for their use in the development of this incident.

Your interest in Air Force activities is appreciated.

Sincerely,

G. R. HART
Major, USAF
Public Information Div
Office of Information

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document labeled "OFFICIAL FILE COPY" pertaining to a UFO sighting report.

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TDE /Lt Col Friend/69216
UFO SIGHTING (***** information redacted)
Hq USAF SAF-OI 3b (Major Hart)
Wash 25 DC

Reference is made to the attached letter regarding a UFO sighting. Information given in the letter cannot be evaluated and no additional witnesses.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC H. JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF 
Safety for Technology and Subsystems
dated 13 March 1963

- page 8 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a questionnaire for gathering information about an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements.

If the information is not complete, or if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 17 March 1963

2. Time of day: 2 Hour 32 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? North Andover, Massachusetts

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Seconds 32

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY: a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy
b. NIGHT: a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. Behind you d. To your left e. Don't remember

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, and it contains a questionnaire with numerous multiple-choice questions about the sighting of an unidentified object at night.

Text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object of NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): None, Many, Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): Bright moonlight, Dull moonlight, No moonlight - pitch dark, Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): Clear sky, Hazy, Scattered clouds, Thick or heavy clouds 
WEATHER (Circle One): Dry, Fog, mist, or light rain, Moderate or heavy rain, Snow, Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): Solid, Transparent, Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): Brighter, Dimmer, About the same, Don't know

11-1 Compare brightness to some common object: The object was / + ) = A slight higher -

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): Fuzzy or blurred, Like a bright star, Sharply outlined, Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) Yes | No | Don't know
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? The horizon

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): YES NO Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): YES NO Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Electric
b. Color Bright (silver)

18. We wish to know the angular size. Light is much as a match at arm's length is to your eyesight. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object is covered by the head of the match? If you had performed this experiment as the object was moving, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? Assume all

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially its trail or vapor trail. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 15 _miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One)  
a. Inside a building 
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Helicopter
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the military service?
b. In the residential or civilian?
c. Were you working as a civilian employee of the military?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest 
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Telescope   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No
e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telephoto lens   Yes   No
g. Windshield   Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a comment on the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you observed.

The object appeared to be a bright light, possibly some type of aircraft, that was moving very fast in the sky. It was estimated to be around 15 miles away. The witness was outside at the time of the sighting.

- page 12 -

