PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 1963

2. LOCATION: Detroit, Michigan

3. SOURCE: [blank]

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: [blank]

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: [blank]

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: [blank]

7. COURSE: [blank]

8. PHOTOS: □ Yes □ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: □ Yes □ No

10. CONCLUSION: INFORMATION ONLY

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
This case was reported in March-April 1966. Since the actual sighting had occurred some time ago it is almost impossible to check it out. Also due to the time lag the pertinent data has probably become distorted. Therefore this case is considered Information Only.


- page 1 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   14 January 1963
Canton, Ohio

CANTON, OHIO: 1/14/63 A Canton man re-
ported a 15 mm e colored object com-
ing from the S. It was very high looking
like a-18 (about) sized lights which were
very close together. as it went across -
the sky, the lights aglow, dimmed to a
red color of less intensity. Three ob-
servers, more information in future.


- page 2 -

NO CASE:    Information Only
SOURCE:    Flying Saucer Review
            NovpDec 65

17 Jan 63
Puerto Garibaldi, Argentina

Angel Hair

According to La Gaceta of January 17, flying saucers were seen recently over Puerto Garibaldi in the Province of Entre Rios, and "angel hair" was seen to fall from them. Subjected to careful analysis, the substance was found to consist of boron, silicon, calcium, and magnesium. "Angel hair" was also reported to have fallen at a place called El Nilo.


- page 3 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   18 January 1963
                                                                       Kimberley, South Africa

SOUTH AFRICA
Kimberley and

Our correspondent in South Africa, Mr. Phillip J. Human, sends us the following account:

Pretoria News, January 19. - "A weird bright light was seen over Kimberley last night. A south of Kimberley last night. A coach bus to a farm, Mr. J. G. Coetzee, near Kimberley, the light was low on the horizon and moved between trees and buildings. We have no idea what it could be, but we were afraid. We have never seen anything like it before," he said.


- page 4 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   21 January 1963
                                                                       Solon, Ohio

SOLON, OHIO Jan. 21, 1963 7:00-8:00 PM
Anthony Hallam and Harold McNern, amateur
astronomers(highschool) were out looking
at constellations through a 4½ inch
reflector tel. A bright object high in
the sky caught their attention. The blu-
ish-white light was stationary, but soon
started to move. The bright object in-
creased in speed and seemed to be rising
as it accelerated away from them. This
20 second sighting was discussed KWTU's
UFO Program.


- page 5 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   23 January 1963
                                                                       Arica, Chile

In and around Arica, the northernmost city of Chile, a great many sightings were made during January. On the night of January 23rd, a truck traveling with ten passengers from Chapiquina to Arica was halted by a huge blue ball of fire which seemed to be coming straight toward it. The passengers in the rear filed in panic, whereas those in the cabin remained where they were. The UFO came to a stop at low altitude precisely over the truck. The witnesses described the object as being elongated, with a white cabin and with flames coming out from the tail.


- page 6 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   23 January 1963
                                                                       North Royalton, Ohio

NORTH ROYALTON, OHIO Jan. 23, 1963 - 10:30
PD. Mr. Norm Summers, school teacher saw
a brilliant green object, with a cone-shaped orange or yellow tail. It started from
directly overhead and then dropped down behind the horizon. It was large as a
nickel at arms length. Duration of sighting: 3 seconds. (KYW Program)


- page 7 -

No Case (Information Only)                    24 January 1963
                                                        Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio

CUYAHOGA FALLS, OHIO Jan. 24, 1963 12:15
FM Steels Cors. Rd. & Hudson Dr. (N. of
Akron & CFO.) Two men driving toward
Hudson Drive (E) noticed a blinking, large
red light which seemed to be a part of an
aircraft under 1,000 altitude. No green
or other lights were seen. The craft was
moving diagonally (NW to SE) across the
road ahead of the observers. When the
craft was a short distance beyond (to
the right), the red light flared up and
disappeared. The car was stopped, the ob-
servers got out and scanned the sky with
7x50 binoculars, but the light was not
seen again. The weather was -15 and
clear. No sound, no trail.


- page 8 -

No Case (Information Only)

24 January 1963
East London, South Africa

The Daily Dispatch, East Lon-
don, January 25. "Several people
telephoned a Johannesburg news-
paper today to report a strange, stationary light in the
northwest sky." It was in the sky
for about half-an-hour after 9
p.m., one said. "It was a brilliant
red-brown such as long tail of
light and seemed to have a sort
of halo around it."


- page 9 -

No Case (Information Only)                    28 January 1963
                                                        Arica, Chile

On January 28th, a large number of people in the city of Arica were puzzled by a group of UFOs with dark satin, which were hanging motionless over, town at 1 low altitude. That same night, a truck traveling between Nazca and Iquique, driven by a former officer of the Chilean Air Force, came upon two, flying saucer-like vehicles that remained stationary above the vehicle for a period of more than ten minutes.


- page 10 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   28 January 1963
                                                                                       Durban, South Africa

Durban Sighting

On January 28, 1963, at about 11 p.m., Mrs. S. C. Montgomery, while standing at a window in her home looking at a particularly clear, and which was watching a plane, suddenly noticed something which steadily rose near the side of a hill, about 250 feet above sea level, 15 miles from the city of Durban and the Indian Ocean.

She then saw about silhouetted in a black, oblong shape of the clear sky, a dark object moving slowly. She described it as being quite the size and shape of a cigar. At the tail end of the object, a very small, dim light was visible, somewhat similar to fireworks such as Catherine wheels. There was no indication as if a continuous hazy-like discharge of sparks was taking the tail length. These showers of coloured light were quite sparse. She drew close to it, and was quite certain that the object was not a satellite, aircraft, or anything with a familiar shape. She was overawed. Nevertheless, she carefully noted its position, height, and direction.

She did not go to sea until it was quite dark. The object was in sight for a time before it was second and, one minute, there was no sound.

Significantly, this sighting recalls similar objects reported in every respect in the summer of 1954 in England during 1954 in Wiltshire. At that time a number of similar objects were seen, a good literal from Rose Cottage, but it was not in the same area.

(Continued on next page, D. S. H. Montgomery, one of the witnesses)


- page 11 -

Department of Defense
Washington D.C.

To whom it may concern,

I am writing this letter for two reasons. One is that I live in Michigan near where the U.F.O.s have been spotted recently. I have seen movies of these U.F.O.s and as far as I can see they are nothing like any airplane or regular flying craft that has ever been shown in public. First of all, they are not clouded, because all of the U.F.O.s haven't been spotted over marshes and second because they were too bright to be reflections of gases, mainly because most have been spotted at night and the moon's glow couldn't cause such a bright glow. Not only have I seen the U.F.O.s on television but I saw one in 1963 in Chicago. My father, brother, cousin, and I all saw it. It looked like this:

[Hand-drawn sketch of a UFO with a saucer-like shape with square port holes]

It was revolving and it's square port holes were lite up brightly. But not in colors. It was going fast and was making sharp turns. Also when I got home my cousin saw the same U.F.O. flying over her house in Oak Park a suburb of Detroit where I live.

If you want to get ahold of the movies of the U.F.O.s seen in Michigan I think the television station I saw it on would give them to you. It is Channel 2, WJBK in Detroit.

What I was getting at is that anyone who looks at this sensible knows that those U.F.O.s are something not just marsgas. Maybe they are from outerspace or they are some kind of secret United States project, I don't know. But I do know that withholding information about such things is just going to cause panic when it gets out which it will eventually do. Just like in 1938 when Orson Welles made a radio broadcast which made people believe that the Martians were invading Earth. Many people killed themselves because of it. So what do you think people will do when they see things from outerspace and the United States government confirms it? I you release information about the U.F.O.s slowly so it wouldn't cause panic it would be better forever.

Also could you send me some information on U.F.O.s? I would like U.F.O.-information which tells the truth about what the U.F.O.s are. Thank you for your time and for the information.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]


- page 12 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   28 January 1963
                                                                       Shilton, England

ENGLAND
A sceptic's sighting

Miss Mary Sharp, of Shilton
near Coventry writes to report
that on a Sunday afternoon her
mother, Mrs. L. Sharp, went
up into the kitchen to draw the
curtains at 5:20 p.m. on January
28. Our kitchen is up two steps
and from there is a view of fields and a farm. She
saw a large or light and studded, camouflaged, watching it. Then
it must have turned round and
she made out four legs. In her
light coming from the kitchen
window she could see it clearly
watched it for about a minute.
Then it suddenly shot off in the
direction o. (illegible word). She
has seen pictures of them in the
newspapers and did not expect to not expect to see one herself. She
found her tongue just before it
shot off and said: "There's
something out there." There, I
can just make out two feet long and one foot
broad. It had gone by the time
she looked out the window. It
hung over the farmer's orchard
about 250 to 300 yards away. It
was no noise.

Now two feet long and one foot
broad would make its actual size.
It was extremely brilliant. There
was no noise. Now whether any
interested to know whether any
sighting has had its usual effect—
my mother has come to believe
in the existence of flying saucers
enough, two days before that a
had been in URUGUAY
mother said so and send looking
out of the window.


- page 13 -

No Case (Information Only)                                29 January 1963
                                                                   Arica, Chile

About January 29th, a saucer was photographed by an Arica merchant named Gino Rossi. This photo is reproduced at the top of the next page.

The UFO appeared visually as a luminous object with a tail of some sort. The picture, taken at an exposure of five seconds, makes the UFO look much longer than it actually was, due to the object's movement during the time of exposure.


- page 14 -

No Case (Information Only)                                    30 January 1963
                                                                        Ica, Peru

HIGHLIGHTS REPORT ON SOUTH AMERICAN SUCCESS "FLAT" IS ANNOUNCED IN
our two previous issues, a continuing series "FLAT" seems to be taking place
in South America, while things here in the United States are relatively quiet.
Due to our exclusive South American press clipping service, we are able to
keep you up to date, even though practically no material of the South American
sightings has been made in U.S. papers. Here are the latest report, translated
by our Staff from Spanish-language newspapers:

    On the night of January 20th, more than a dozen people in Ica, Peru, saw a bright-white luminous object traverse the sky. It was visible for
a period of five to ten minutes. Other sightings were made during January in
San Juan and other parts of Peru.

    Flying saucers seen near Parana, Argentina, in January, are said
to have caused a shower of clear-like particles, with some falling from the sky like
rain. Some of these strange particles were kept for analysis, and were found
to contain certain unspecial, strange, and normal substances.


- page 15 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: Flying Saucer Review
Nov-Dec 65

31 Jan 63
Tucuman, Argentina

Tucuman

On January 31, 1963, on a patch of scrub-land at a ranch at Estancia de Algoraya, near Tucuman, two scorched "rings" were found, each 35 cms. wide (width of the scorched band) with a diameter of about 3.3 metres each, and lying some 40 cms. apart, forming as it were a figure "8". Police and scientists made deep cuts, and found that not only the grass, but also its roots, had been burnt down to a depth of some 10 cms. below the surface, "as though desiccated at a temperature in excess of 2,000", yet without combustion or flame". On the "rings" a white ash-like powder was found. The scientists concluded that something very heavy and very hot had landed there, something shaped on its base—roughly like a figure "8", Hoax was ruled out, and the authorities admitted that the only possible explanation was the landing of some unknown craft.

The marks were evidently some days old, but UFOs had been seen in the vicinity not long before. Thus far, I quote from the UFO Report for 1963 issued by the Argentine Committee in Buenos Aires for the Study of Flying Objects (CODOVNI).

But in a letter dated 30th June, 1965, from a meteorological named Senor Ricardo Perez de la Sierra of Buenos Aires, I have received a number of further details about the case, and the most interesting of all is that a gentleman named Juan Geminiano Perez, overseer of the neighbouring "El Trebol" Ranch, has now come forward and said that he and his wife and children had seen an egg-shaped craft, which appeared "thrice the diameter of the Moon as it flew overhead", pass over one night and go down towards the ground in the precise area where the marks were subsequently found. The thing was travelling at a very slow speed, he said, and leaving a long trail. He was very reluctantly that this was the only thing he had consented to tell what he had seen.


- page 16 -

1 - 28 FEBRUARY 1963 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                           OBSERVER            EVALUATION
5       44.55N 177.15W (Pacific)            Akara & Chambers    Astro (METEOR)
5       Mobilello, Virginia                 -                   Astro (VSCA)
6       Chester, Pennsylvania               McCray              Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
7       Gibson City, Illinois               Hutchcraft          Other (LIGHT ON TOWER)
7       15.3N 100.48W (Pacific)             Military            SATELLITE
8       39.30N 172.30W (Pacific)            Military            SATELLITE
8       Maysville, Kentucky                 Pyles              AIRCRAFT
11      Los Angeles, California             Lamm                Other (CONTRAILS)
12      Phoenix, Arizona                    Breen               INSUFFICIENT DATA
13      Rydall, Pennsylvania                Tieger              AIRCRAFT
14      Wilmington, North Carolina          Hatcher             AIRCRAFT
15      Duluth, Minnesota                   Nichols             Astro (VENUS)
16      Huntington, West Virginia           James               AIRCRAFT
17      Iran                                Border Guards       INSUFFICIENT DATA
20      Lajes, Azores                       Military            BALLOON
24      21.26N 158.20W (Pacific)            Civilian            Astro (METEOR)
28      Winslow, Arizona                    Civilian            Other (CLOUD)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                            SOURCE              EVALUATION
Jan     Universe                            Science News Ltr   -
Feb     Asuncion, Paraguay                  "                  -
2       Robertsville, Ohio                  "                  -
4       Tucuman, Argentina                  "                  -
5       Blonheim, New Zealand               "                  -
5       Piove di Sacco, Italy               "                  -
7       Olendala, California                "                  -
14      Alberti Province, Argentina         "                  -
15      Mt. Carmel, California              "                  -
15      Moe, Australia                      "                  -
16      Barberton, Ohio                     "                  -
19      Maiden, North Carolina              "                  -
19      Reno, Nevada                        "                  -
21      Belgrade, Montana                   "                  -
21      Bozeman, Montana                    "                  -
21      Trenton, N.J.                       "                  -
21      Fischerville, England               "                  -
23      Nagoya, Japan                       "                  -
25      Orchard City, Colorado              "                  -
27      Modesto, California                 "                  -
28      Mt. Carmel, California              "                  -


- page 17 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

420
ASTRONOMY

Mars Becomes Prominent
The red planet Mars shines in the east in the January evening sky and the year's best display of stars is in view with Orion high in the south, James Stokley reports.

> THE RED PLANET Mars is now on view in the evening sky.

Low in the east (at about ten o'clock or later at the beginning of January) you will see the constellation of Leo, the Lion. In this group stands the first magnitude star Regulus, part of the subgroup called the Sickle.

But in the Sickle now stands an intruder—red in color and brighter than any of the stars around it. This is the planet Mars, because it shines with the steady glow of a planet, to different from the scintillating stars.

Mars is the only planet shown on the January maps, which indicate the appearance of the heavens at about 10:00 pm. Standard time) at the first of the month, 9:00 pm. around the 15th, and 8:00 pm. at the end.

Mercury Visible
For a few days about Jan. 4, however, if you look low in the west soon after sundown, and before the sky is entirely dark, you may get a glimpse of Mercury. At this time, Mercury will be near the sun, and visible for a little while at dusk.

Higher in the western sky—and brighter—you will easily locate Jupiter, which is now in the constellation of Aquarius, the water carrier. But it also sets before the times for the maps.

As for the planets, sometimes become visible to the naked eye, Saturn is now near the sun's direction to be visible; Venus shines brilliantly in the eastern sky before dawn.

High in the south is the magnificent constellation of Orion, of which the three stars in a row forming the warrior's belt are characteristic. Near the belt are two brilliant stars—Betelgeuse above and Rigel below.

In the constellation Canis Major, the greater dog, is lower and to the left. In it is Sirius, the brightest star in the sky, except for the sun. Further to the left and higher is the lesser dog, Canis Minor.

To the right of Orion and a little higher appears Taurus, the bull. Red Aldebaran marks his eye. In his shoulder is a little cluster of stars called the Pleiades. They are known in mythology as the seven sisters, although most people cannot see more than six.

And directly overhead, as indicated on the maps, is Auriga, the charioteer, with Capella. Just below this group, toward the east, are the twins, Gemini. They display two prominent stars: Pollux, the lower, is

umbra. This is a partial eclipse, and the curved edge of the earth's shadow appears on the face of the moon. And finally, the moon may enter into the penumbra but not into the umbra, even partially.

That is what occurs this month. From Jan. 9 to 15, the moon will be at least partly in the penumbra. At the beginning of this period the moon will not have risen in the United States and most of North America. When it rises, it will be in the penumbra. But even with part of the sun shining on the moon, it still shines with seemingly near normal brightness.

So watch the moon, which will then be full, when it comes up on the evening of Jan. 9. If the sky is clear, but the moon enters a little faster than it should be, the effect may be due to the eclipse.

January's Second Eclipse
January's second eclipse comes on the 25th, and this time it is of the sun, for the moon comes between that body and the earth. But this is also not a total eclipse. When it occurs, the moon will be relatively far from the earth and relatively close. Thus, the solar disc will be larger than that of the moon. Even with the moon going in front of the sun, a ring of the solar surface will be visible. This is called an annular eclipse, from the Latin word annulus—a ring.

The path along which the annular eclipse

[The rest of the text is cut off at the bottom of the page]


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the page:

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER FOR DECEMBER 20, 1962

Books of the Week

[Various book review and publishing details, partially illegible]

Celestial Time Table for January

[A detailed astronomical time table with dates, times, and astronomical events]

Do You Know?
Thorium, uranium and plutonium are of the three elements that provide reactor fuel.

A new type single-belt conveyor capable of climbing, turning and side discharge of load enables the engineer to plan a single continuous system in three dimensions for the first time.

Surface cracking of tires results mainly from chemical attack of ozone.

Changing Your Address?
[Address change instructions for Science News Letter]

Micro-Ads
[Various small advertisements]

The page contains advertisements for books, a celestial time table, scientific facts, address change instructions, and small classified advertisements.


- page 19 -

NO CASE:  Information Only
SOURCE:  Flying Saucer Review
         Nov-Dec 65

Jan 63
Bahia Blanca, Argentina

Bahia Blanca and Province of Entre Rios
While a formation of UFOs were seen flying over
the land in January 1963, small fires broke out in a
fallow field. At about the same date, a local observer
passed over the area and observed some luminous
vitreous particles that had fallen from the
coadjuv state, in their summary for 1963, that
these particles were found to be an amalgam of
silicon, boron, calcium, and magnesium, "just the
same as has been found in similar circumstances in
other parts of the world."


- page 20 -

No Case (Information Only)                                January 1963
                                                                    Tucuman, Argentina

A very strange occurrence is reported in the February 5th edition of the same newspaper. A farmer named Ricardo Lopes, who lives a few miles from Tucuman, reported having found on his property two circles about ten feet in diameter. These are shown in the diagram. (The dimensions are in meters. One meter is about equal to one yard.) Lopes took reporters to the scene, and it was found that the grass had been pressed down and suggested to intense heat in the white areas shown in the diagram, - as if some giant iron had been placed on top of it. It was calculated that a temperature of over 2,000 degrees must have been present, as the grass and soil were affected to a depth of several inches. However, there was no evidence of actual fire. It was also calculated that the circles had been made about two weeks before being discovered by the farmer. No explanation for them could be found.

[The image shows two circular rings/impressions, each approximately 3.30 meters in diameter, with measurements of 0.30 and 0.40 meters marked within the rings.]


- page 21 -

No Case (Information Only)                1 January 1963
                                                    N. Canton, Ohio

LOCAL SIGHTINGS: GREATER AKRON AREA
Jan. 1, 1963 - Site - 5735 NE 16th, N. Canton, Ohio. The Akron Canton Airport
is 2.3 miles west of Mr. Dennis' home.

Mr. Roy Dennis was nearly home when he first noticed an overly large, bright reddish orange "star" in the SE sky at 20°-25° elevation. When he reached home a minute later, he focused his 7x50 binocs. on the strange light and found that the object was elliptical in shape, with an edge. The object's vertical axis was tilted about 10°. A cone was seen both top and bottom vertical to the orange object.

After 2 minutes continuous observation, the top cone disappeared, then soon after, the whole remaining object diminished in size until it could no longer be seen.

This took 3 seconds. The observer continued to scan the sky in the area; 2 minutes later the object came into view. It seemed to be exactly where it was before, both cones present, same axis tilt. Because of clouds coming in from the west, his observations were continued whenever the object could be seen through thin clouds at times. Overcast conditions made further observation impossible. Duration: 20 minutes overall, no sound, trail, change in color, no cloud formation around object. Est. distance: 1-3 miles.

[Handwritten note at bottom of page:]
Cones seemed like light-
                didn't     seem solid

[Sketch of object with color annotations:]
Bluish-White
Reddish-Orange Ring
Deeper Blue Toward Point Area


- page 22 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                9 January 1963
                                                                                    Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio

CUYAHOGA FALLS, OHIO: Jan. 9, 1963 - 7:10
- 7:30 PM. Location Loomis and Viewpoint
Streets. Miss Downard and Miss Maxwell,
both sophomores in high school, were look-
ing toward Akron, when high in the sky
they saw a bright source of white light
the size of Jupiter. It seemed round to
the observers. The object was moving from
the general area of Jupiter and the moon.
The object zig-zagged Jupiter and seemed
to drop a luminous white object which dis-
appeared after falling a short distance,
then after a couple more zig-zaggs upward
it dropped another reddish colored object
which also disappeared after falling a
short distance. Then when the object had
climbed to a position above and to the
right of the moon, it dropped a third white
object which went out after a short fall.
Each of the three objects which fell from
the main object was luminous for about 2
seconds before going out. The main object
then passed above the moon, and in a
curving arc disappeared in the direction
of Tallmadge. (approx. 35°SE). The maneuvers
included zig-zaggs, momentary stops, and
sudden motions which were described as
"jerky." NOTE: The similarity to the Root-
storm (Ravenna) sighting.


- page 23 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: Flying Saucer Review
Nov-Dec 65

3 Jan 66 63
Cordoba, Tucuman, Argentina

Cordoba-Tucuman
The Cordoba paper La Gaceta for January 3, 1963, reported that a DC-4 passenger aircraft of Argentina Airlines, bound for Salta from Buenos Aires, had been paced by a UFO during the stretch between Cordoba and Tucuman. The UFO projected a vivid white light on to the aircraft, as the result of which apparently one of the four engines was put out of action. The pilot managed to reach the Benjamin Matienzo Airport, and the UFO vanished just before he got there.


- page 24 -

