PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
15 September 1963

2. LOCATION
Vandalia, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 15/2300Z
GMT: 15/2300Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☐ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
two

9. COURSE
NE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Looking about as bright as the sun just before sunset, solid. Appeared to be standing still. Changed brightness just before disappearing. Changed shape. Color bright gold. Both objects faded quickly but at different times. Observation momentarily interrupted by trees. No sound. One obj of 10 min. in length, no vapor trail. Corn short-lived. Observation from second story porch facing West. No estimate on speed. One object proved stationary, believed to be at least 15 miles away, and object in flight from West to North.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other... UNIDENTIFIED
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Possibility that one object was a/c. However, there is insufficient data to confirm this analysis. Case is listed as UNIDENTIFIED.

ATC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 59)


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon. Your cooperation is desired. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
15   Sep   63
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day:
(Circle One)   A.M.   or   P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One)   a. Eastern   b. Central   c. Mountain   d. Pacific   e. Other
(Circle One)   a. Daylight Saving   b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
6 1/2 E. 3rd St.   Vandalia   Ohio
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    10   Minutes   Seconds
a. Certain   b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?   Estimated

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY:   a. Bright   b. Cloudy   NIGHT:   a. Bright   b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)   a. In front of you   d. To your left
               b. In back of you   e. Overhead
               c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FORM
OCT 52 164   This form supersedes PTID 164, Jul. 61, which is obsolete.


- page 2 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: [Handwritten text is partially illegible]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Columns for Yes/No/Don't know are filled out, but details are not clearly legible]

Page 2 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[Partially illegible response]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
[Partially written response]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
[Partially written response]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: [Partially illegible]
b. Color: [Partially written response about color]

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[Partially written response about size comparison]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Partially written response with description of drawing]

Page 3 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   No   Yes
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   about 1/2 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other: [written text appears to be "back yard"]

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential area of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? [blank] miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No   f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   h. Other: [blank]

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
[partially written text, appears to read: "car with like, white, top sides"]


- page 5 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

At first they were close together, then to the rocky ground, then they spread out, then close again then apart.

Shortly after, one of the objects from near the path, the second object continued on the path toward the north, being observed for a time, perhaps 10 minutes.

Both first appeared in the vicinity of the north and just out.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Partially illegible text, mostly redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]   Vandalia   City   Ohio   State
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]   AGE 64   SEX Female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
[Blank]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Partially illegible text, appears to mention "FID" and something about telephone]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
    [Blank fields for Day, Month, Year]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
    [Blank text field]

Handwritten note at bottom of page:
"This form was filled out by Capt. to ten the details after while conversing on the telephone with [redacted]"

Page 7 is noted in the top right corner.


- page 8 -

