PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
6 Oct 1963

2. LOCATION
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local        1500
GMT      062350Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual     □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual         □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes   
[X] No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 Seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
Manuvered

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
See case file with letters and form 164.

11. COMMENTS
Essential data indicates A/C towing electrical banner with its exception that the duration was only 20 seconds and sudden appearance and disappearance of object carried as unidentified pending further review. Speed of object inconsistant with duration.

UNREADABLE REPORT.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
[X] Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

13 January 1964

Hq USAF SAF-OIPR
Wash 25 D C 20330

Dear Sirs:

Enclosed is a copy of a communication sent me for answer-
ing.

a. Approach-10 seconds; turn-instantaneous(impossible
to estimate); in view approximately 9-10 seconds character.

b. At no time did there appear to be more than
one object.

c. Airspeed of 40-50 mph determined on the basis of
comparable ground speed. Distance of 7 miles was the
apparent distance of object usingeanor city Philadelphia
13 mark.

d. To the best of my knowledge the whitish areas
were noted after object completed maneuver.

e. The aircraft was eastward and slightly below the
object(seaward distance from object comparable to 12-inch
straight-edge held at arms length). Aircraft proceeded
south during time object was in view.

f. It is my opinion that the cause of my sighting
could not be attributed to electrical advertising banner,
as such devices are rarely, if ever, used over this city.
Also, the complete reversal of flight path seems extremely
unlikely in the case of air-advertising.

If I can be of any further help in determining the nature
of the object seen by me, or if further information is
desired, please feel free to contact me.

Very truly yours,

After 1/30/64, use-
Philadelphia, Penna., Philadelphia, Penna.,
19152 19126


- page 2 -

The
NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
announces the appointment, as of 2 January, 1964,
of
MR. MICHAEL RICHARD FREEDMAN
as the sole representative of its Youth Council
for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

All correspondence relative to Unidentified Aerial
Objects (U.A.O.s) may to be forwarded by mail to
Mr. Freedman at the following address:
2237 Strahle Street
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 19152

Hq USAF
SAP - OIPB
WASHINGTON, D.C.
20330


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

6 West
Penna, 19126
22 November 1963

HQ USAF
SAFOIS
WASHINGTON, D.C., 20330

Dear Sirs:

I am enclosing PTO Form 164, U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION.

Contained in this questionnaire are details of a sighting which took place during the early evening hours of 6 October 1963. The original information was compiled on the day of the sighting.

The information contained on the enclosed form is, to the best of my knowledge, true and correct. I shall be happy to notarize a statement to that effect.

It would be appreciated if I may be informed of your analysis of this sighting.

Sincerely,

[Signature is blacked out]


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
6   12   1963
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 0600   50
             Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): @ Eastern
                b. Central
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

(Circle One): @ Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest postal address is redacted]
City or Town: PENNSYLVANIA

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
00   00   20
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

c. Not very sure
a. Certain
@ Fairly certain   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?: CONTINUOUS WATCH

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
@ Bright            a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
              b. In back of you    e. Overhead
              @ To your right      f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 5 -

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

Other: flame-like, completely
surrounded, object.

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Vanishing completely, though much more rapidly than of any object I had seen at that time flying off at light

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moves behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: not discernible, seemed
b. Color: yellow-orange, like that of fire

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of this match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of this object would have been covered? We wish to know:
a match-head would cover about one-sixth of the object

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The document includes a hand-drawn sketch with arrows indicating direction of movement]

At bottom of page: abrupt change in direction


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?   40-60 m.p.h.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was?   1 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw this object?
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other city activity building
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other half mile of city

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             e. South
b. Northeast         f. Southwest
c. East              g. West
d. Southeast         h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?   miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No

e. Binoculars       Yes   No
f. Telescope        Yes   No
g. Theodolite       Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

a long fire in a light haze


- page 8 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how low the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place on "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place on "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE OBJECT, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

(There is also a handwritten note "Looking south" near the compass diagram)


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    22   11   1963
                                               Day  Month  Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The day following this sighting, I contacted the US Weather Bureau at International Airport and the Franklin Institute Astronomy Dept. Both source said they received no reports of a meteor on the day of the sighting.

There was a light plane located below and to the east of the object. Site red navigation lamp flashed and was easily discernible.

The object appeared over, or just west of, the Delaware River at Market Street.

The sun was below the horizon at the time of the sighting. The sky in the extreme west appeared bright orange due to reflection of sun a slight change.

The object did not rise or fall at any time seen or vanishing.

Information concerning the object was originally compiled on the day of the sighting.


- page 10 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

3 Jan 64

[Redacted address]
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

Dear [Redacted]:

Upon reviewing the UFO cases for 1963 we find that additional information is necessary for evaluation of your sighting. Would you please answer the following questions:

a. The reported duration of 20 seconds included a maneuver of the object. Could you tell us what the duration was for the topmost, turn and the duration of the object as it went away?

b. At any time did there appear to be two objects, particularly at that point where the object changed directions?

c. How was the speed of 40-60 mph and the distance of 7 miles determined?

d. The drawing which you made to describe the objects showed 4-6 miles area along the center. Was this apparent, as the objects approached during the turn and as the objects retreated?

e. Indicate the relationship of the light a/c mentioned by you, the UFO and its position before, during and after the sighting.

f. This drawing is very similar to those previously received by us where evaluation have been confirmed sightings of aircraft towing electrical advertising banners. Could this have been the cause of your sighting?

We are enclosing a self-addressed envelope for your convenience.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR.
Captain, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena
Branch


- page 11 -

