PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
28 February 1963

2. LOCATION
Winslow, Arizona

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
1730-1830 Local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☑ Ground-Visual
☐ Ground-Radar
XX Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☑ No

6. SOURCE
Military

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not reported

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
not reported

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Sighting reported third hand. Object described as a ring of light at 45 dgr elevation at 60 miles distant.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☑ Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

COMMENTS
Limited data presented. Attempts to obtain additional info proved negative. Obj possibly balloon or astro body. Comet Ikeya was in area at time. No direction given. Insufficient data for analysis.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for January 26, 1963

DIE FIELDS

TECHNOLOGY
Tiny Circuits Cut and
Welded by Electron Beam

> A NEW ELECTRON beam machine
cuts, drills and welds circuits so minute
that they fit on wafers no thicker than a
fingernail.
The electron cutter-welder works like
a precision tool, cutting on a surface of
a powerful electron beam less than 0.001
inch. Highly accurate, the machine which was
on all metallic materials and glass can
beam to a spot less than five-ten-thousandths of an inch. The operator can
program the machine to cut or weld by
magnifying the work area about 14 to
times.

The manufacturer is Hamilton Standard,
division of United Aircraft Corporation.

OCEANOGRAPHY
Ocean Rivers Measured
by Deep-Sea Devices

> SUBMERGED oceanic rivers will
be measured by deep-sea current meters
developed by recording devices that will
time of day, depth, velocity and direction of water flow. The measuring devices, which
resemble oil cans, can be lowered to a depth of several miles and operate for a month or more on a single battery. Each
film, one frame exposed every 10 minutes, will measure currents were developed
by the General Dynamics Corporation.

GEOLOGY
Earth's Crust Found
Thicker in Colorado

> THE EARTH'S CRUST is 30 miles thick
in eastern Colorado, only 10 miles thick in
the fertile central valley of California, a
symposium on the structure of the earth was
told at a meeting in Denver. In the western
part of Nevada, a new knowledge resulted from seismic probing
of the earth's interior by underground nuclear and conventional explosions.

The explosions are part of the Vela Uniform program to identify underground nuclear explosions. To do this, the structure of the earth's
crust must be known to determine the paths
of seismic waves travel from an explosion to
various points on the earth's surface and
how long the waves take to travel these
paths.

The detailed study of the crust's structure
in the West was under the direction of L. C.
Pakiser of the Interior Department's Geo-

logical Survey. He said that he was informed about the crust was based on a network of about 200 seismic recording stations from underground nuclear and conventional explosions.

The network extends from eastern Colorado to the California coastline, and from
central Idaho to the Mexican border.

Next month Mars will be further away—
and farther—than it is now, but will still be
a prominent object in the evening. And so,
we will tell some of the March evening dates
that astronomers have already learned or
surmised about this fascinating and mysterious planet.

Celestial Time Table for February
FEB.    EST
1    3:50 a.m.    Moon in first quarter
2    1:00 p.m.    Mars nearest
3    4:00 a.m.    Saturn in conjunction with sun
5    1:50 a.m.    Moon passes Mars
11   2:36 a.m.    Full moon
        Algol (variable star in Perseus), at minimum brightness
14   11:30 p.m.    Moon passes Venus
16   1:50 p.m.    New moon
19   3:05 a.m.    Moon in last quarter
20   10:00 a.m.    New moon
23    7:00 p.m.    Moon nearest
        Moon passes, distance 225,670 miles

BIOLOGY
Tiny Yeasts Survive
50 Years in Antarctica

> TINY LIVING THINGS—yeasts, molds
and bacteria—survived more than a half
a century in a frozen food cache left in
Antarctica by the U.S. Navy, according
to the South Pole.

Material from a one-pound batch of
bakers' yeast was grown at the University
of Texas, Austin, by Dr. George H. Mever,
who received the sample from the Navy. It
was divided into five parts from which three
of two types of yeasts, two Klebsiella and
three species of bacteria were grown.

Entire cultures of bacteria and yeast were
found viable after being stored in the same material.

The food cache, in which the jar of yeast
was found, was left by the expedition of
Capt. Robert Falcon Scott of the British
Royal Navy in his expedition of 1911.

> Science News Letter, January 26, 1963

CONSERVATION
Ducks Poisoned by
Eating Shotgun Pellets

> LEAD POISONING kills an estimated
50 per cent of the total duck population
in some areas, caused by ducks inadvertently eating shotgun pellets and not by pellets
buried in the flesh as a result of wounding
by hunters, according to Wisconsin Conservation Department research.

The ducks mistake small stones and grit, which they eat and store
in the gizzard for grinding up seeds and
other hard foods. The digestive juices then
act on the lead, forming toxic compounds
that cause sickness and death.

> Science News Letter, January 26, 1963

ENTOMOLOGY
Citrus Mites Not Stopped
By Florida Freeze

> FLORIDA'S December freeze, which
ruined most of the citrus fruit crop, did
not destroy citrus mites, major
pests to any large extent.

The driving and dropping of leaves and
fruit removed some of the pests from the
trees, but entomologists are not optimistic
that the weather misfortune will reduce the
pests to any large extent.

> Science News Letter, January 26, 1963

Side and Rear Fender
Lights Fight Road Glare

> GLARE that stops autos from seeing
danger on the road at night is neutralized
by a new type of road lighting developed
by Dr. Merrill J. Allen of Indiana University.

By means of auxiliary lights on the front
bumper of a car which are directed to the
road surface, the glare of an approaching
car's headlights are made visible. Conventional sealed beam headlights are used.

> Science News Letter, January 26, 1963


- page 2 -

No Case (Information Only)                                early February 1963
                                                                    Asuncion, Paraguay

20.

    In Asun-
cion, Paraguay, was
a sighting made in early
February by a
student named
Anastacio Lorenz,
who saw a UFO
land in the
sports field of
a local school.
Saucer sight-
ing was also
made by several
other residents,
including a
high official
of the Ministry of the Interior, who saw a UFO go by at high velocity.


- page 3 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   2 February 1963
                                                                       Robertsville, Ohio

ROBERTSVILLE, OHIO:(2 miles south) 2/2/63
Time: 4:00 to 4:30 P.M. A husband and wife
watched an object moving NNW at very slow
speed, less than 1000 feet by their esti-
mate. "It was just one very bright blush
white light flashing 1 to 4 times." And some
times it would not flash at all; it seemed to take on almost shrape when
it flashed. There seemed to be a darkened
area by the light, but could not draw any definite shape or form. There was no
wind, no specific information needed.


- page 4 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   4 February 1963
                                                                       Tucuman, Argentina

On the 4th of February, five photos of a UFO were taken in quick succession by Adolfo del Valle Rivero, an engineering student living in Tucuman, Argentina. Two of the pictures (two negatives) were published in the February 15th edition of "La Gaceta", a Tucuman newspaper. The pictures were developed right in the newspaper, and do not appear to be faked. They show what Rivero described as a saucer flying at relatively low speed at a distance of a half mile or so from the camera.


- page 5 -

No Case (Information Only)
Sys: 1 LFA

4 Feb 1963
Blenhein, New Zealand

July, 1963                                                   I.A.F.A. NEWSLETTER                                                 Page 5

SAUCERS IN THE NEWS

Blenhein, New Zealand, February 4, 1963. On this date a housewife looked up into a cloudless sky and saw a silvery flying object, shining very brightly. Its size was 2 inches at arm's length. At first she could only see the underside of the object, but later it moved away and she could see the upper part and the portholes thereon. She observed it for about 3-4 minutes. Although the witness was not sure, she estimated the object's altitude at 10,000 feet or more. A drawing made by the witness shows an elongated half-moon-shaped object with a fin protruding from one end, with 5 portholes in the center. (Source: N.Z. Scientific Space Research Newsletter, March-April, via Robert J. Gribble, NICAP Reporter.)


- page 6 -

No Case (Information Only)                February 1963
                                                    Piove di Sacco, Italy

NEWS BRIEFS: In
Piove di Sacco, Italy, a young
painter named Mario Salmaso
claimed last February to have
photographed a flying saucer and one of its occupants. He says he was walking
along through some woods when he discovered a huge, round luminous object,
near which was standing a man in an outfit which appeared to be made of cell-
phane. Salmaso took four pictures while the man climbed into the saucer and
took off. Unfortunately, he was not seen any of these pictures, which must be
quite sensational if they are genuine.

Piove Di Sacco, Italy, February 5, 1963: Painter Mario Salmaso, 21, claims he
in the woods and a man nearby in a plastic suit which was transparent. Salmaso
is attempting to secure copies of the photo. (Source: United Press International.)


- page 7 -

No Case (Information Only)
Source: Sauce News

5 Feb 1963
Glendale, California

Glendale, California, February 5, 1963. A UFO was spotted shortly before noon in the sky above Glendale. Air Defense public relations officers in Hollywood said they knew of no weather balloons in the area, although they had received several calls reporting the object. Officials said they and the Federal Aviation Agency were checking to determine what the object was. The object became lost in a cloud cover at about 11:45 A.M. Yet planes were sighted after Air Defense was notified, in the same area where the object was last seen. (Source: Glendale News Press, 2/5/63. Credit: Robert J. Gribble, NICAP Reporter.)


- page 8 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: Flying Saucer Review
Nov-Dec 65

7 Feb 63
Alberti Province, Argentina

Alberti (Province of Buenos Aires)
According to the Historium Review of February 7,
1963, a certain Senor Felix Carrizo and his wife
were driving in their car to La Pampa when, at
6:30 p.m. of that same day, they perceived an
extraordinary elongated object, intensely luminous,
which was suspended at only a short distance from
the ground. They stopped and got out to look at
it, and Senor Carrizo took a photograph. The
UFO then suddenly began to move, and vanished
at fantastic speed. The photograph is reported by
the paper to have turned out "astonishingly
clear". I am trying to secure a copy of it.


- page 9 -

N. Case (Information Only)                                                   14 Feb 1963
                                                                                       Mt Carmel, California

Carmel, California, February 14, 1963. Arthur Connel of Pebble Beach said he was walking. He described it as having a long tail and said it appeared to be falling very rapidly. He estimated the height at 30,000 feet and its falling speed at 1200-2000 m.p.h. Connel said the object's trajectory took it out over the ocean before it disappeared. He said he did not think it was a shooting star because he had never seen one close.

(Source: Monterey Peninsula Herald, 2/15/63, via Robert Gribble, NICAP Reporter.)


- page 10 -

No Case (Information Only)                    15 February 1963
                                                        Moe, Australia

MESS BRIEFED: On February 16th an Australian Navy Carrier named
Charlie Drew reported seeing a "flying saucer" which put him and a herd
of cattle into a panic. The object appeared at 1120 hrs, as Mr. Drew and his
own were milking. It was about 75 to 100 feet above the ground. It looked
of only 75 to 100 feet above the ground. It looked as if it were going to
land. The USS was about 25 feet wide and looked like a metal disc with a
cloud. The guy in charge and another in charge of the herd of cattle
ground its circumference. There were also a number of protrusions. The USS
volved and made a smoothing sound.

Hallucinated cows?

We are:    A. R. Fawcett                 for the
           Flying Saucer                 New Zealand
           Investigation                 Air Force
Land Star printed this report            Intelligence
Funny Clouds                             sometimes
                                          light
When a mysterious disc moves             sometimes
miles southeast at 90 miles               bright
an hour, Mr. Drew says                    when
according through the field               viewed
                                          from
                                          certain
                                          angles

[The rest of the text is partially illegible or cut off]


- page 11 -

Colonel Nash of the Liaison Office (?) at the House of Representatives called to report and inquire about a sighting over Winslow, Arizona on 28 Feb 63.

The sighting took place from 5:30 to 6:30 PM Pacific Standard Time.

Seen by the pilot of a jet aircraft and Congressman John Bell Williams (a former Air Force pilot).

Altitude was given as 45 degrees 60 miles.

The object appeared as a ring in the sky.

Colonel Nash would like to speak with you. His number is Oxford 53716 or 52326.

Additional Information on Comet available in March and April, 1963 issues of "Sky and Telescope".


- page 12 -

THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN

TUCSON, ARIZONA • JULY 1963

SAUCER PANICS CATTLE

King Peter Norris comes the following information gleaned from "The Sun" (Sydney farmer Mr. Charles Brew of Willow Road, Willow Grove northwest of New Australia) has reported that a three-use frightened a horse and his own herd on 16 February 1963. The description is "saucer area" in color appeared to have a band of glass or plastic around the circumference and number of protrusions which looked like aerials, according to his account.

Mr. Brew and his son Trevor were walking the cows at shortly after 7:15 in the morning at the 16th February when one of the cows became agitated. The rest of the cows then saw the object continue to move away. Mr. Brew said the object was silver in color and appeared to be about a wide as a road and to be about 150 feet long. Suddenly, the cows became panicky and started to run. Mr. Brew said he did not hear the object make any sound. "The cows turned and ran away and the horse reared up in fright," Mr. Brew said. The whole yard was in an uproar.

He was certain that he had often seen lights of a strange type at night but was not of those interested in flying saucers. "I am not a UFO enthusiast," he said, "but it will be reported in this case."


- page 13 -

IAPA PRESENTS A -1943-SEP 63
SPECIAL REPORT ON
WILLOW GROVE, AUSTRALIA SIGHTING
FEBRUARY 15, 1965

(Editors Note: On the 15th of February of this year, Mr. Charles Brew of Willow Grove, Victoria, Australia, observed a UFO hover over his dairy farm. The original account of Mr. Brew's sighting was published in our June issue.

Recently, the Victorian Flying Saucer Research Society, P.O. Box 32, Toorak, Victoria, Australia, sent us a transcript of a tape-recording interview between Mr. Brew and Mr. Peter Norris, President of V.F.S.R.S. Along with this transcript are letters from the Australian Air Force & Government regarding Mr. Brew's sighting. As we will see in the transcript of the tape, as well as photocopies of the letters & drawing). 

Question: What time did you make the sighting, Mr. Brew?
Answer: It would be about 10 past 7, it was. Yes, definitely.

Q. What were you doing at the time?
A. We were milking and half-way - approximately halfway - through, I'd say.

Q. Yes. How did you notice the object come down?
A. Well, I was lookin' out over the cows as I referred to you a while ago and it came down very easily out of the east. Oh, I'm my about 45 degrees.

Q. And what did the object look like when you first saw it? What were your reactions?
A. Well, I thought it was a helicopter at first.

Q. What made you think that?
A. On account of it being round and I've naturally never, ever seen one of these round before. Then when you are asking to me much.

Q. Yes, and what did you see when the object came fairly close to you?
A. Well, I noticed when I think was making the noise - the swishing noise, that is. came down & hovered was stationary and the lower section was turning anti-clockwise - noticed that - and also as I spoke the noise - those noisy-like percussion up in the air.

Q. How did you calculate the height of the object?
A. Well, I calculated the height by those trees. I'd say they were approximately 75 feet high. It might have been a shade higher than those, of course.

Q. Yes, that would be quite right I'd say. Now once again, getting back to the general appearance of the object, can you describe the top part of the object?
A. Well, the top, the very top section, the dome section, that is, was most of what we would call perhaps a glassy material or whatever you like but whatever that was. I couldn't say. The middle section, that is the middle section between the Perspex and the part that was rotating, was sort of battleship grey and looked to me the some sort of metallic material. I couldn't say for sure, of course, and the bottom as I said was rotating in an anti-clockwise direction. Well I couldn't say what sort of material I was dealing with - as I could judge, it seemed something the same material as motorcars.

Q. What was the size of the object?
A. Well, I'd say as near as I could judge, about 25 feet across - well perhaps a little more - if anything a little more.

(Interview continued, next page)


- page 14 -

(Australian Report - Continued)

A. Oh, I'd say overall, about 9 feet as near as I could judge. Might have been a bit more but of course it's hard to judge when you only see a thing for a few seconds, but I'd say 9 or 10 feet.

Q. You didn't actually see anybody in it through what appeared to be the glass portion on top, on the dome?

A. Well, on a clear day you might have but as I said, it was raining heavy and so, I can honestly say that I didn't see anybody although I was lookin' hard enough.

Q. Looking at the object from the underneath part, what did you see?

A. Well, when it was hovering, I could see those scoop-like things - projections - or whatever they were, which seemed to be making the underside, after that, than it took off. It was the bluish or pale bluish color underneath. That's as near as I can tell you, as much as I can tell you really, about the lower section.

Q. And when it took off, what did you notice?

A. Well, did it, for some little time?

Q. Well, I'd say for about 3 seconds. Made no noise, I know.

A. Yes, and then after that, it took off. Did it, and if so, at what speed would you calculate?

A. Oh, well, we reckon, Trevor (Mr. Beville's son) and I reckon, a jet would probably have to add up speed to catch it.

Q. And it took off instantly?

A. Yes. Flying from a flying start - you know, not a flying start but a standing start - and very fast and very steep.

Q. It went straight up, did it?

A. I'll say it came in and went out at about the same angle of 45 degrees, as near as I could judge.

Q. Getting back to the appearance of the object, I think you said you noticed something on top of the dome?

A. Yes, it looked to be an aerial sort of thing - I'd say about 5 or 6 feet long and it did seem to be either chrome or some lightish metal thing. Whether it was the aerial or not, I couldn't say. I was speaking to the owner and he said it was.

Q. I know there were some cows and other stock in the yard at the time of the sighting. Mr. Brown?

A. Yes, we had half dozen. We were halfway, half of them were milked out and the other half still had to go through.

Q. What was their reaction to the sighting?

A. Well, as I said to the other chap that was here, they some everything but turn somersaults. They put in the paper that they did turn somersaults but that's carrying it a bit too far. They certainly played up. I'm now, some cows play up like that before and they never take notice (quite happy before) of an ordinary night. I don't know, they just seemed to be very much upset and really played up this day.

Q. Did you have any doubts?

A. Yes, I had Trevor there and as I said, unfortunately he never seen it but he did hear it much he said. "What was that?" I said, "I think something's on the go." He said, "Don't be so and so silly, you know these things don't exist" or something of that sort and I said: "Well, this was a flying saucer, definitely." Well, it certainly went off the earth. Well, it certainly went away very fast, just like somebody had it on a blowing go-yo or something.

Q. So he didn't hear it till it actually moved away and then, of course, it was too late?

A. No, he did not see it unfortunately but he certainly heard it go.

Q. Have you been interviewed by any representatives of the press?

(Interview continued, next page)


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Australian Report - Continued)

A. Yes, as I said, the C.S.I.R.O. (Commonwealth Scientific & Industrial Research Organization) were here and number 1 question as far as they were concerned - no asked me did I get a headache. I said: "Well it's strange that you should ask me that because I thought it was too ridiculous, I would have never mention- ed it. But I did get an awful headache just behind the eyes. I never suffer with headaches normally and I took a Sex and I went in but it didn't seem to have any effect. It just wore off itself tomorrow to wear off."

Q. What did you first get the headache?

A. Oh, when - was gazing at the Perspex canopy business I noticed it.

Q. It came on immediately, did it?

A. Yes, more or less. Yes.

Q. What did the C.S.I.R.O. man say? Incidentally, do you know his name? What's his name?

A. Er, Mr. Berson. Yes, Mr. Berson was his name.

Q. And what did he say about the headache?

A. "Well," he said, "that ties in with our theory. We always had the impression that it was... (what would you say?) he gave me the impression it was electro-magnetic or something to that effect - that's beyond me - but he said that would more than likely cause a headache and it certainly took all day to get rid of it. anyhow. I know that.

Q. What else did the C.S.I.R.O. do?

A. Well, as I said, he took away samples of rock - they were very interested in that - because he said being a sort of iron stone, it may have some attraction for it. And there is the reef as I said and which might throw some light on it came over that reef, more or less parallel with it.

Q. How long after the first occurrence did the C.S.I.R.O. come down here?

A. They were here about 4 days after and the Air Force about a week, or near the next part of a week after that.

Q. Oh, the Air Force came down as well, did they? Who came down from the Air Force?

A. Well, Mr. Murdoch was one of them, the only name I can recall.

Q. Was he in uniform?

A. Yes, they were.

Q. They were officials, were they?

A. Yes, I would say high officers, high-ranking officers, anyhow.

Q. What did they do?

A. Well, the photographed the surrounding country, that was the Saw Baws, Mt. Mc-Donald, long distance camera and too light, cloud and cloud plus, you know, how much blue was showing in the sky - all that sort of thing. It's a bit beyond me, some of the things they done but, all those things.

Q. Did they have instruments?

A. Yes, they had cameras and they lay tapping rocks and took particular notice of the rock formation also. Don't know for what reason they did. Yes, they said after I drew their attention to some darkenings in other countries. It tallied almost exactly to what's been seen over there, but they didn't think it was quite so big as that. Yes, they said it was approximately. To the best of their knowledge the lowest it had been the best sighting.

Q. That was in Australia, was it?

A. Yes, from what I could gather, here.

Q. Did anyone else come down from the government?

A. Yes, I had the aeronautical expert from, I think, liaison officer I think that was at the Sale Air Base. He asked similar questions and he wanted to know if there was any engine noise, but was a weak engine noise, not as we know engine today.

Q. To get back to the object itself, did you notice any light coming from the object itself at any time?

A. No. There was no lightin the dome business and no lights underneath.


- page 16 -

COMMONWEALTH OF AUSTRALIA

DEPARTMENT OF AIR
CANBERRA, A.C.T.
1 APR 1963

Mrs. S. Sutton
Hon Sec
Victorian Flying Saucer Research Society
PO Box 32
TOORAK VICTORIA

Dear Madam,

1. I refer to your letter dated 6th March, 1963, regarding the investigation of a sighting of an unidentified object by Mr. Charles Crew.

2. Our investigation and enquiries reveal that there are scientific records of ground meteorological observations which have a similar appearance in many ways to whatever was seen by Mr. Crew.

3. In the information available is such however, that while we accept this as a possibility, we are unable to come to any firm conclusion as to the nature of the object or manifestation reported.

Yours faithfully,

[Signature]
Secretary


- page 17 -

COMMONWEALTH OF AUSTRALIA
COMMONWEALTH SCIENTIFIC AND INDUSTRIAL RESEARCH ORGANIZATION
DIVISION OF METEOROLOGICAL PHYSICS

STATION STREET,
ASPENDALE, S.13.
VICTORIA

REF : 1(s)
FAB : LM

8th April, 1963.

Mrs. S. Sutton,
Hon. Sec.,
Victorian Flying Saucer Research Society,
P.O. Box 32,
TOORAK.

Dear Madam,

I apologise for the delay in answering your letter of the 19th March last.

I visited Mr. Brow in company of a friend of mine, but we did not take any rock sample. But I know that somebody else did.

To obtain more information about the mentioned sighting, please contact the R.A.A.F., Dept. of Air, Canberra, who were investigating this case.

Yours Faithfully,

(F. A. Berson)


- page 18 -

No Case (Information Only)                                16 February 1963
Barberton, Ohio

LOCAL SIGHTINGS: BARBERTON - 2/16/63 8PM
A husband and wife were driving south on Rock Cut Rd., as they neared Johnson st.(,) they noticed a very large light ahead and to the east of the road. They pulled over alongside the object & got out of the car to observe it. When first seen, the wife thought it was stationary but the husband seemed to think it was moving, now almost imperceptively. The object size was like a 10"-12" plate. They estimated the object to be 50-100 feet high and about 200-feet away. Elevation, approximately 25° reddish orange color, spherical, sharply-outlined, but not of a blinding intensity. In the one minute this was observed, the object proceeded with great deliberation northward. It proceeded steadily at the same altitude, no change in its color intensities, blinking etc. It had no red or green or scintillating lights, it had absolutely no sound. As with this time, the wife expressed fear, so they proceeded to a relatives's place about 2-3 min. away. The wife then phoned the news to her next door neighbor. Two high school girls at the house went out and after scanning the sky a few minutes, saw an object a little larger than "5cm" (sic) acting north. The object was seen through 7x50 binoculars-they described it as a fine, solid, true color. Two girls at that they saw was much higher and proceeding higher. If slow airplane velocity, it was a kind and was lost to view. No sound was heard, no red or green lights, vapor trails, the light was steady, no vapor trails, etc.


- page 19 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   18 February 1963
Maiden, North Carolina

Maiden, North Carolina, February 18, 1963. Floyd Hester and another witness said they saw UFOs high in the sky on this morning. The objects were flying at about 15,000 feet and were "having in and of formation at tremendous speed." "They were not birds and were too fast for jets," said Mr. Hester. He watched them for about 30 minutes. At times they appeared motionless in the sky, then would move in a burst of speed. They left no trail of smoke.

Correspondence from Clark of Canby, Minnesota was given further information by a friend who interviewed Mr. Hester. At 2:30 P.M. Mr. Hester and his friend, Mr. Morris, first saw the objects. They looked metallic & were flat on top. The 2 witnesses thought they were going to collide, but they didn't. The objects disappeared behind clouds. Mr. Hester received letters from Washington about the sighting.

UFOs were seen darting about at an altitude of 15,000 feet over Maiden, North Carolina, on the morning of February 18th. Floyd Hester told the local newspaper that they were moving in and out of formation at times were in view for 30 minutes. At times they would hover motionless, and said they and than would move with a burst of speed. They left no trail in sky.


- page 20 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   18 Feb 1963
                                                                                       Reno, Nevada

Reno, Nevada, February 18, 1963. A large bright glowing object was sighted in the
Reno area for almost 30 minutes today at 5:50 P.M. It was pulsating and had a red
tail. Uninterested officials said at the was probably a weather balloon. (Nevada
State Journal, 2/19/63, via Robert J. Gribble, NICAP Reporter.)


- page 21 -

No Case (Information Only)                   21 February 1963
                                                       Bozeman, Montana

Page 5                                                 I.A.P.A. NEWSLETTER                                 July, 1965

                                SAUCERS IN THE NEWS

Belgrade, Montana, February 22, 1963. An object described as "a strange red ball
of fire" startled Bill DeHaan as he was driving home at 2:30 A.M. this morning.
Telephones were disturbed and many people reported they were awakened "by something".
DeHaan said the "strange red ball" shot and swayed his car when it landed about
200 feet from his car. Sheriff's officers said they could find no trace of the
object after searching the area. (Source: Bozeman Daily Chronicle, 2/22/63; Credit:
Robert J. Gribble, NICAP Reporter)

A "strange red ball of fire" was seen by Bill DeHaan of Bozeman, Montana, at
2:30 a.m. on February 22. As he was driving home from work, DeHaan said that
he went his vehicle as it went by, and that it landed about 200 feet from his car
but found nothing... Sheriff's deputies spent the morning combing the area.


- page 22 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   28 February 1963
                                                                       Flagstaff, Arizona

Source: Flying Saucer Review (Jul-Aug 63)

On February 28, 1963, an unusual ring-shaped cloud was widely observed over northern Arizona near Flagstaff. A large number of observers reported it was known to have appeared overhead in Flagstaff. Around 10 a.m. local time, the cloud was photographed at a high altitude with a camera that could be regarded as similar to a cartographic camera.

The text becomes partially illegible in the lower portions of the document, with some words and sentences not clearly readable.


- page 23 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: AFRO BULLETIN JAN 64

Splitting Object Seen in NJ
Miss Alice Harney, age 16, of Trenton, New Jersey made an unusual UFO sighting on the night of February 21, 1963. Time of night was not noted. The object, which was seen out of a window, was described as a large blob of light.

Its distance was about 3 city blocks away or possibly more and it was motionless. No color was mentioned. The object began to move, stopped, then split into two small discs. These then moved away. The observer reported that there was no sound to indicate the presence of any conventional aircraft.


- page 24 -

No Case (Information Only)                                21 February 1963
                                                                   Highcliffe, England

[The rest of the text is too illegible to accurately transcribe. While some words and fragments are visible, I cannot confidently reproduce the full text without risking introducing errors.]


- page 25 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   25 Feb 1963
                                                                                       Nagoya, Japan

Nagoya, Japan, February 23, 1963. Eleven students saw a "disc" over their school as they traveled out at 3:30 P.M. The round object, as big as their thumb at arm's length, traveled in a northeast to northwest course, and took about 5 minutes to pass over them. It then became completely silent. (Source: Mainichi Daily News, Tokyo, 2/24/63, via Robert Gribble, NICAP Reporter.)


- page 26 -

No Case (Information only)                                                   25 Feb 1963
                                                                           Orchard City, Colorado

Orchard City, Colorado, February 25, 1963: A swift-flying, silvery object with a long tail was seen by many persons from Eckert to Crawford (Colorado) and first reported by Mrs. Fred Miller of Orchard City. (Sources: Delta, Colo. Independent, via Robert Gribble, NICAP Reporter).


- page 27 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   27 Feb 1963
                                                                                       Modesto, California

Modesto, California, February 27, 1963. A UFO - described as moonshape and
changing in color - was reported seen north and west of Modesto by at least 7 area
residents. According to an eyewitness, the object however, dropped from 5000 feet
to 1000 feet, emitted a bright streak from its underside, for 15 seconds hovered,
again returned upwards, disappearing over the horizon. The object - crescent
shaped with porthole - seemed to be large; 300 feet in diameter at a minimum.
Source:  Modesto Bee, 2/28/63, via Robert J. Gribble, NICAP Reporter).


- page 28 -

No Case (Information Only)                                    28 Feb 1963
                                                                Mt Carmel, California

Carmel, California, February 28, 1963: Sheriff's deputies John Grimes and Jerry
Webster reported seeing a UFO today at 1:05 P.M. on the spot after receiving a radio call from Salinas saying that the
object had been spotted from that area by Deputy Rudy Carillo. It had a crescent
shaped tail and was visible for about 2 minutes. (Source: Monterey Peninsula Herald
via Robert J. Gribble, NICAP Reporter).


- page 29 -

1 - 31 MARCH 1963 SIGHTINGS

DATE        LOCATION                                OBSERVER                EVALUATION

Soring     •Toussvillle, Alabama                                           Other (TEST VEHICLE)
Mar        •Garden City, Michigan                                          AIRCRAFT
1          •Germany                                Military                AIRCRAFT
6          •Louisiana, Arkansas, Texas             Military                Astro (METEOR)
6          •Houston, Texas                         Military                Astro (METEOR)
6          •Southern California                    Military                Astro (METEOR)
11         •San Diego, California                                          Other (METALLIC PARACHUTE)
11         •Honolulu, Hawaii                       Multiple                FROM PT MUOU)
12         •Wh. 35N 146.17B (Pacific)              Northwest Airline       Other (ATLAS MISSILE)
13         •Wh. 35N 176.1W (Pacific)               Military                Other (ATLAS MISSILE)
14         •Wh. 37N 176.43W (Pacific)              Military                Astro (METEOR)
15         •03.45S 168.19W (Pacific)               Military                INSUFFICIENT DATA
17         •Wh. 32N 178.02W (Pacific)              Military                Astro (METEOR)
17         •Naperville, Illinois                   Multiple                INSUFFICIENT DATA
17         •North Andover, Massachusetts            Military                SATELLITE
17         •Crestview, Florida                     Military                Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
18         •47.20N 169.50W(Pacific)                Military                Other (BIRDS)
18         •San Juan, Puerto Rico                  Military                INSUFFICIENT DATA
18         •San Bernardino, California                                     Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
20         •Opa Locka, Florida                                             PHYSIOLOGICAL CAUSES)

21         •Lebanon, Ohio                          Civilian
23         •Babylon, New York                                              BALLOON
23         •Atlanta, Georgia                       Civilian                SATELLITE
24         •Dayton, Ohio                           Military                Astro (METEOR)
25         •Chevy Chase, Maryland                                          Satellite
26         •Duluth & French River, Maryland        Multiple, Military &    Astro (METEOR)
                                                   Civilian
27         •32.17N 117.22W (Pacific)               Military
28         •35.00N 48.09W (Atlantic)               Military                SATELLITE
31         •Dayton, Ohio                           Military                SATELLITE
31         •Brooklyn, New York                                             AIRCRAFT

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE        LOCATION                                SOURCE                  EVALUATION

Mar        •Universe                               Science News Ltr
2          •Yeovil, England                        Flying Saucer Review
6          •Cleveland, Ohio                        FSIC
6          •Wimbledon, London, England             Flying Saucer Review
9          •Lewisham, Montana                      Flying Saucer Review
10         •Didcot, England                        Saucer News
12         •Albany, New York                       Flying Saucer Review
20         •Rathlin Island, Ireland                Saucer News, IAPA
21         •Wallsend, England                      Flying Saucer Review
22         •Akron, Ohio                            FSIC
22         •Richardson, Texas                      APRO Bulletin
24         •Akron, Ohio                            PSIC
25-27      •Akron, Ohio                            FSIC
29         •Canaan, Ohio                           FSIC
31         •Portage Lakes Area, Ohio               FSIC
31         •Wooster, Ohio                          FSIC


- page 30 -

Record Breaking Cloud Formation Over Southwest

At sunset on February 28, 1963, an oval-shaped, ring-shaped cloud of silky-white color was observed by hundreds of people in Arizona, New Mexico and California. It was seen as far south as Tucson, Arizona, Albuquerque in the east and Los Angeles in the west. Its diameter was approximately 50 miles, with the cloud's south and sweeping over Flagstaff, Arizona. As night advanced, it became apparent that the odd phenomenon was luminous and not just lighted by the sun.

Studies conducted by University of Arizona Atmospheric Physics Lab Chief Dr. James MacDonald showed its height to be an incredible 140,000 feet or 45 kilometers. He stated that the cloud was higher than any other to be. In a conversation with Mrs. Lorenen by telephone, he used the word "fantastical" to describe the phenomenon. The upper limit for clouds composed of water droplets or ice crystals is 42 kilometers, considerably lower than the altitude of the February formation. The highest known clouds, which are designated as nacreous or "mother-of-pearl" are usually observed only in arctic regions. They can reach a height of 100,000 feet. Being shapeless and formed by air moving up over mountains in a region of severe cold, they are the record-holders. It should be noted that atmospheric conditions around Flagstaff are not conducive to this type of cloud.

During her conversation with Dr. MacDonald, Mrs. Lorenen was informed to be a high-flying missile site contact. The origin of the cloud has not been determined. It remains a mystery. It has been suggested by many that the object might have been extra-terrestrial in origin, or in other words, a vapor trail (perhaps "angel's hair") of sorts made by a high-flying space craft.


- page 31 -

Stratospheric Cloud over Northern Arizona

James E. McDonald

Reprinted from Science, April 19, 1963, Vol. 140, No. 3564, pages 292-294
Copyright © 1963 by the American Association for the Advancement of Science


- page 32 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Stratospheric Cloud over
Northern Arizona

Abstract. An unusual ring-shaped
cloud was widely observed over north-
ern Arizona near sunset on 28 February
1963. From a large number of observ-
ers' reports it is known to have ap-
peared overhead near Flagstaff, Ari-
zona. From initial computations based
on four photos taken in Tucson, 190
miles south of the cloud, its altitude
was approximately 35 kilometers. The
most distant observation reported was
made 280 miles from the cloud. The
cloud remained until for 28 minutes
after local sunset. Iridescence was noted
by many observers. Tentatively, the
cloud may be regarded as similar to a
macrocosmic cloud; but its unusually great
height and unusually low latitude, plus
its remarkable shape, suggest that it was
a cloud of previously unrecorded type.

Near sunset, on 28 February 1963, a
cloud of unusual configuration and col-
oration was observed in widely scat-
tered localities in Arizona and sur-
rounding states. The cloud took the
form of a large oval ring (clear in the
middle) with the long axis running
north and south (Fig. 1 and cover
photograph, this issue). It remained
brightly illuminated well after the sun
had set on high cirrus clouds to the
west. From Tucson, 190 miles to the
south, its angular elevation appeared
to be about 6 degrees. A rough com-
putation of its height, based on sunset
geometry (1), made immediately after
the cloud entered the earth's shadow,
led me to appeal by press and radio
for confirmatory reports in order to
establish the approximate location and
possible number of other observers.

From approximately 150 reports,
many communicated by persons well
aware that they had seen a type of
cloud unprecedented in years of sky-
watching, it was quickly established
that the cloud lay overhead in the
vicinity of Flagstaff, Arizona, that it
exhibited iridescence of the sort asso-
ciated with stratospheric macrocosmic
clouds in the cirle (2, 3), and that its
internal structure was very peculiar. To
observers nearly unnerving, the colors
green and blue were visible, and a
pinkish cast was noted at times. A
fibrous texture, described by several in-
dependent observers as resembling a
"wood grain" appearance, was present
over much of its northern extent, but

Fig. 1. Stratospheric cloud over Flagstaff, Arizona, from a point about 160 miles east-
ward. After sunset. The dark cloud, in the west, is drawn schematic as the sun has already set. [J. E. Daniels, Springerville, Arizona]

its southern end was denser and more
cumulus-form. Its overall shape was com-
pared by some (ranchers) to a horse-
shoe or a horseshoe if it was viewed
from the south; from the north it ap-
peared as a closed loop with a long
thin trail that could be seen extending
northward, from the oval, and several
observers in that sector compared its
shape with that of a "hangman's
noose." The cloud was seen from dis-
tances as great as 280 miles (near
New Mexico, respectively).

Many observers reported a second
cloud of to the northwest of the main
cloud, with shape very much like that
of the main cloud, but only about a
quarter as large. Correctness of these
reports has been established from some
of the first photographs that have come
in from northern Arizona. The cloud
was evidently moving generally south-
eastward, though visual reports are
in some conflict on this point; this
point can only be resolved from further
studies by triangulation.

By fortunate coincidence, the cloud
appeared within a few tens of miles of
the U.S. Weather Bureau radiosonde
station at Winslow, Arizona, and a
high-altitude sounding had been com-
pleted there only an hour before the
appearance of the cloud. A jet stream
lay almost directly under the cloud
and over Flagstaff, and there were peak

winds of 98 knots from the northwest
occurring over Winslow at an altitude of
about 11 kilometers. The radiosonde
run terminated at the 13-millibar level
of atmospheric pressure (about 29 km).
where the temperature was —46°C.
There was very little direction shear in
the Winslow wind sounding, a condi-
tion known to favor formation of
mountain waves and believed to be
conducive to macrocosmic clouds, at least
in Scandinavia (2). It is possible, there-
fore, that the San Francisco Peaks just
north of Flagstaff disturbed the flow so
that wave motion was set up in the
stratosphere, but this remains a con-
jecture, pending further study of re-
ports of first appearance. Whereas
some recent studies (4) suggest
strong local stratospheric cooling as a
prerequisite for the formation of na-
creous clouds, the sounding at Winslow
showed little departure from average
temperature conditions in the lower
and middle stratosphere.

Photogrammetric analysis of the four
photographs known to have been taken
in the Tucson area has yielded eleva-
tion angles of the near point ranging
from 5.9 to 6.2 degrees. Because the
exact range to the nearest point of the
cloud is not yet known to better than
about 10 or 15 miles in 190 miles, the
exact height cannot yet be determined.
However, the cited elevation angles
plus allowance for earth curvature give

1


- page 33 -

References and Notes

1. S. K. Mitra, The Upper Atmosphere (Asiatic Publishing House, Calcutta, 1952).

2. Bedrich, Geofys. Publikationer Norske Videnskaps-Akad. Oslo 22, No. 8 (1961).

3. A. V. Dewing, Bull. Acad. Sci. U.S.S.R.

4. V. Goisan, Geofys. Publikationer Norske Videnskaps-Akad. Oslo 22, No. 8 (1961).

5. J. Appleton, Bull. Inst. Sci. (1953).

6. I thank Leon Saltanov for alerting me to the sky and for further technical assistance, and I. R. Daniels and C. E. Peterson for permission to reproduce their photographs. The operation of the numerous Arizonans submitting reports is gratefully acknowledged. See contract NR 082-164.

20 March 1968

The text appears to be a references and notes section of a scientific document, likely related to atmospheric physics or UFO research. The document is from the Institute of Atmospheric Physics at the University of Arizona, Tucson, and was written by James E. McDonald.


- page 34 -

The text on this page reads:

INSTITUTE OF ATMOSPHERIC PHYSICS
UNIVERSITY OF ARIZONA

REPRINT NO. 104


- page 35 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

58
ASTRONOMY

Mars Now Closest to Earth

The red planet Mars, closer than it has been for two years, shines brilliantly in the February sky, but brighter still is Sirius, the dog star, James Stokley reports.

> OVER in the southeastern sky on February evening you will see a brilliant object shining with a distinctly red color.
This is the planet Mars, now closer than it has been in about two years; closer than it will be again until 1971. On Feb. 2, it will be nearest on Feb. 2, when it will be 62,280,000 miles away. And because of this relatively close approach, it is shining brilliantly. Its magnitude, using the standard scale of brightness, is minus 0.9.

However, Mars is not as bright as the brightest star in the sky, which is in the constellation of Canis Major, the great dog. This is in the south, lower and to the right of Mars. Both star and planet are shown on the accompanying map, which depicts the sky as it looks about 10:00 p.m. at the first of February, 9:00 p.m. at midmonth and 8:00 p.m. at the end. The magnitude of Sirius is minus 1.4, or about 58 per cent brighter dimmed. Being lower than Mars, some of its light is absorbed by the greater thickness of the atmosphere that it must penetrate.

Mars is in the constellation of Cancer, the crab, with its apex or radiant point toward the left. Just a little above it lies the star Regulus, represented by the symbol for a fainter body because it is low enough in the sky that its light is somewhat dimmed by atmospheric absorption. To the right of Mars is the star Pollux, also of first magnitude.

Gemini is one of a group of prominent constellations which are seen at their best on evenings of midwinter. Directly below the right of Gemini is Canis Minor, the little dog, with brilliant Procyon. Still lower, and a little to the right, is the great dog, Canis Major, with Sirius.

Higher and to the right of the great dog star Sirius is a row that represents the finest in the sky. This is Orion, with two stars of the first magnitude: Betelgeuse, above, and Rigel, below. Between them are three stars in a row that represent the belt of the warrior that this figure is supposed to represent.

Taurus, the bull, with Aldebaran, reddish in color, to represent the animal's eye. And above this group, directly overhead, in fact, stands Auriga, the charioteer. This also contains Capella, the star of the first magnitude.

Although Mars is the only planet shown on the maps, another is visible earlier in the evening, than the times for which they are drawn, Jupiter, of magnitude minus 1.5

[The rest of the text is continued in the image, but the OCR has captured the main body of text.]


- page 36 -

