The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and investigations.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 6-5-63
2. LOCATION: Milwaukee, Wisconsin
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2320 CDT
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: C Ground-Radar
5. PHOTOS: Yes
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 minutes
7. SIZE OF OBJECT(S): Multiple
8. COURSE: NW
9. COMMENTS: Objects sighted in Sect 61, reported to military. Insufficient data. Report containing concluding information also.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: _ _ Day _ _ Month _ _ Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a corrective explanation of your sighting.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, possibly a UFO report from Project Blue Book. The page contains various stamps, markings, and handwritten text, but no photographic elements.

Law day u freedom under may 1
C C S -4P -9239

- page 3 -

The image provided contains handwritten text but no visible photograph. The text appears to be a description or report related to a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

Could you and your generator on a ufo.
Would you send me a report on it.
As I have no 16 film
C.F.C.
Anxiously await

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various fields for the witness to fill out.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object you observed. The information you provide will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements contained in this questionnaire unless it is deemed necessary, at which time you may be contacted for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
    Day - Month - Year
2. Time of day:  
    (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone:
    (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 
    IN THE CITY
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    a. (Certain) Hours Minutes Seconds
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not sure
    d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?  Yes - No
6. What was the condition of the sky?
    a. DAY b. NIGHT
        a. Clear b. Cloudy c. Partly Cloudy  
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    (Circle One) a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Don't remember

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the given image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with multiple-choice questions about the observed object and weather conditions.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

3. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Bright moonlight
d. Dull moonlight
e. No moonlight - pitch dark
f. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky  
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Partly to heavy clouds
e. Thick or heavy clouds
f. Don't remember

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Dull or hazy
c. Shiny
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred  
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to speed up and rush away at any time? Yes - No - Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes - No - Don't know
c. Give off smoke? Yes - No - Don't know 
d. Change brightness? Yes - No - Don't know
e. Disappear and reappear? Yes - No - Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes - No - Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes - No - Don't know

- page 6 -

The image contains a page from an old UFO report document, but there is no photograph present on this particular page. The page appears to be a questionnaire or report form with various questions about the observed UFO event.

The text in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one:) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one:) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. Was the object round or of some other shape? About how large was it in terms of a known object and how many degrees of the sky did it cover? How much of the object appeared to be self-luminous? If you had compared its brightness to that of a known object, what would it be?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 7 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, part of Project Blue Book. The text on the page appears to be a questionnaire or survey regarding the observation of an unidentified flying object.

The text on the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES NO
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1.5

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. On foot
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. What was the condition of the location of a sighting?
(Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city 
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying over a city?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words in as much detail as possible the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you observed.

- page 8 -

The image contains a sketched illustration of a UFO sighting, including a compass-style diagram and instructions for the observer to draw their own illustration. There is no actual photograph present in this page of the document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are on the earth (horizon) when you first saw the object. How high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "X" on the axis (skyline) where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place a "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a form or questionnaire related to a Project Blue Book UFO report.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)  
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)  
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:  
NAME - [redacted]  
ADDRESS - [redacted]  
TELEPHONE NUMBER - [redacted]  
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?  
Day - Month - Year

- page 10 -

