Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
7 Dec 53

2. LOCATION
Pennsylvania

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local 542 pm

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Request for information on meteor observation

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
-

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Request for information on meteor observation of 7 Dec 53

11. COMMENTS
Not a UFO report. Report of meteor sighting.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Astronomical Meteor
Possibly Astronomical
Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

(Bottom of form notes: ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52))


- page 1 -

December 12, 1963

Dear Mr. ---:

This is in reference to your letter of December 12, 1963, in which you request any report by the Air Force which have been made on the Pennsylvania incident which occurred near Pennsylvania on November 27th and December 1st, 1963.

The Foreign Technology Division advises that they have no record of any project on UFO sightings in the general area. However, it may be a little early for the final report. They will make a thorough check of their files. They advise us that they will send this concluding report and all reports in their findings, and in turn we will forward them to you immediately.

As a matter of information, the Foreign Technology Division have quite a few reports on the sighting of a bright object in the Phoenix, Arizona area on November 27th. They can make these available to you.

Sincerely,

MAURICE M. JAKES
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Nazareth, Pennsylvania


- page 2 -

UNIVERSITY of PENNSYLVANIA
PHILADELPHIA 4

Flower and Cook Observatory                                                1967 Dec. 12

Exec utive Officer,
Public Information Division,
Office of Information Service,
Department of the Air Force,
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

Two very brilliant fireballs appeared over Pennsylvania on Nov. 27 at 6:05 p.m.EST and on Dec. 7 about 5:40 a.m. EST.

Many reports, particularly on the former, have come in and I & h to compute the fireballs and obtain original data. If reports on either or both of these fireballs have been sent in to you, would you be kind enough to send me copies of them?

If p-ths can be computed, proper acknowledgment will be given to the Air Force for any reports you can send me.

Very truly,

[Signature is blacked out]


- page 3 -

UNIVERSITY of PENNSYLVANIA
PHILADELPHIA 4

Flower and Cook Observatory                                     1360 Dec. 12

Executive Officer,
Public Information Division,
Office of Information Service,
Department of the Air Force,
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

Two very brilliant fireballs occurred over Pennsylvania on Nov. 27 at 6:00 p.m.EST and
on Dec. 7 about 5:40 p.m. EST.

Many reports, particularly on the
former, have been sent in. I am to request that
the old orbits of both.

If possible have been sent to you, would you be
kind enough to send me copies of them?

If paths can be computed, proper acknowledgement will be given to the Air Force for
any reports you can send me.

Very truly,
[Signature area blacked out]
American Meteor Society,
Narberth, Pa.
19072


- page 4 -

December 16, 1963

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

This is in response to your letter of December 12, 1963, in which you request any reports on a UFO sighting in Pennsylvania on November 27th and December 7th.

The Foreign Technology Division advises us that they have not received any reports on this phenomena up to the present time. However, it may be a little early yet for the December 7th sighting to have reached their offices. They advise that they will send China Headquarters any and all reports of these sightings they may receive, and in turn we will forward them to you immediately.

As a matter of information, the Foreign Technology Division does have quite a few reports of the sighting of a fireball in the Pocono, Ardmore area on November 18th. If you are interested in these, we will be glad to send them to you.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

[Redacted address]
Norbert, Penna. 1967


- page 5 -

