PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
23 March 1963

2. LOCATION
Atlanta, Georgia

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
2000
CAT 24/1010Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual ☒
Air-Visual ☐
Air-Intercept Radar ☐

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1-3 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
descending

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Obj saw to NE to which gave the impression of floating down from the sky. Size estimated at 1/3 size of Blue and edged with gold. Round except for portion pulled down into a tear-drop shape.

11. COMMENTS
Observer probably saw a meteor entering the atmosphere to the NE which gave the impression of descending. Description and duration consistent with this analysis. Also evaluated as meteor-like object by WX bureau official who forwarded the initial letter from the witness.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☒ Was Astronomical Meteor
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other:
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown


- page 1 -

23 March 1963

April 12, 1963
0-4.22

Decatur, Georgia

Dear [redacted]:

We are referring your report of April 5, 1963, of the sighting of a meteor-like object to the Foreign Technology Division, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, for their information, and any reply they may consider appropriate.

Such phenomena are outside our area of study and activity. Therefore, we do not believe it is appropriate for us to try to identify the phenomenon you saw. We can only speculate that the most probable explanation is that it was a meteor, but we have no other source that would help us prove or disprove this possible explanation.

Sincerely yours,

A. K. Showler
Chief, Observations and
Station Facilities Division

cc:
Wright-Patterson AFB (with [redacted] letter)

PPStarke:ejs   4/12/63


- page 2 -

Decatur, Georgia
April 5, 1963

U. S. Weather Bureau
Washington, D. C.

Gentlemen:

METEOR

On the evening of March 23, at almost precisely eight O'clock, I saw, roughly northeast from Decatur (Atlanta), an object float down from the sky and disappear behind rooftops. It seemed to go with infinite leisure but I cannot be sure whether I observed it for one second or three. It was not less than one second.

The object was roughly a third as large as the sun seems to be when directly overhead on a winter day. It was blue in color and edged with gold. It was round, but was pulled down toward a raindrop shape, especially the gold edge which made a streamer of sparks toward the earth. It was also pulled a little out of shape at the time where the gold streamed a little upward.

I have watched both papers and magazines for an explanation, and I finally began to wonder if my observation might be of value--I am quite sure you have had other descriptions of this phenomenon. It was the most spectacularly beautiful thing I have ever seen.

I should be most interested to know what I saw. There is no doubt of my having seen something.

Very sincerely,

[Signature redacted]


- page 3 -

