PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
9 Jun 1963

2. LOCATION
Xenia, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
10/0310Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☑ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
☑ No

6. SOURCE
military

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Less than 1 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
0 De

9. COURSE
North

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Series of blue flashes spaced about 3 seconds apart observed to the right of overhead moving toward 3'o'clock and the right extremity of the horizon. About 15 or 20 flashes. Flashes similar to a flashbulb. No sound. Stars visible with scattered clouds.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☑ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon

☑ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft

□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical

□ Other:
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation

11. COMMENTS
Check with WP Operations revealed that a T-33 from Minneapolis with Home Base at Maxwell landed at a223 (0328) and was over Xenia at the time in a normal landing pattern. No a/c was noted by the witness. Since the witness did not observe any other object it is assumed that this a/c is the cause of the report.

ATC FORM 329 (REV 28 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, indicate that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place on "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 100,000 MPH.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [Street redacted] Xenia [City] Ohio [State]
TELEPHONE NUMBER Ext. [redacted]

Age: [blank]
Sex: [blank]

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent. [blank]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [blank fields for Day, Month, Year]

Page 8 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 3 -

UFO Sighting phoned in at 1300 on 12 June 1963

Time/Date of sighting:
2210 local 9 June 1963

Location:
West edge of Xenia (Lanewood Housing Development)
Xenia, Ohio

Observer:
Mr. 
ASI 2317

Observer was lying on a chaise lounge in the backyard of his home (his feet toward the West) and looking straight up when he noticed a series of blue flashes spaced about every three seconds. Assuming that right overhead was the center of a clock, the blue flashes moved progressively to the right toward the position of three o'clock.

The flashing crossed the heavens from the center point (straight overhead) to the right point of the horizon (that is to the North) in 45 to 60 seconds. About 15 to 20 flashes.

Observer believes bright blue color rules out meteor and a/c. Flash was similar to that of flashbulb.

Flashing seemed to be high in sky and moved at a speed that was "phenomenal." No sound of a/c.

WX: Stars could be seen, scattered clouds.


- page 4 -

Every 3 seconds
Large deviation than start plotting the
last intensity, brilliant

Check w Wright 39111
9 Jun 2210 Locke (Sunday)
NEGATIVE
Check w Patterson 085, 5173I
Elp 215 T-33 for Belford pattern
under 91 over Xenia - Too early -
2228 LAND T-33 AIRWAYS PHONE 8049O
Pilot Coc Andersen, Home Base Maxwell
7025 Patterson Approach Control (2nd Records)
RADAR OVER XENIA NORMAL IN OPERATIONS
1945 - 2nd 085 - NEGATIVE PHOTO OR OTHER


- page 5 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
7 June 63
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 22:10
               Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
                           b. Central
                           c. Mountain
                           d. Pacific
                           e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
              b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: Xenia    City or Town
                        Ohio     State or Country
Additional remarks:

5. How long was object in sight? - LITTLE LESS THAN MINUTE -
                                  Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
     a. Certain
     b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure
                         d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                     NIGHT
a. Bright               a. Bright
b. Cloudy               b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
              b. In back of you    e. Overhead
              c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD JUL 61 164   This form supersedes ATIC 164, Feb 60, which is obsolete.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One)   a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
ABOUT THE SAME

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?                   Yes   No   Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?        Yes   No   Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode?                     Yes   No   Don't Know
d. Give off smoke?                                     Yes   No   Don't Know
e. Change brightness?     ONLY WITH DISTANCE           Yes   No   Don't Know
f. Change shape?          NO SHAPE                     Yes   No   Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker?      SAW ONLY ONCE                Yes   No   Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear?  SAW ONLY ONCE              Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):   a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No   a. Binoculars       Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No   f. Telescope        Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No   g. Theodolite       Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No   h. Other


- page 7 -

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound: NONE
    b. Color: BRIGHT SHADE OF BLUE (DEEP BLUE)

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show how the object was moving.

    - LIKE A LIGHT -

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                 b. Like a bright star
                 c. Sharply outlined
                 d. Don't remember

    e. Other: ________

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ONE
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. Open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
RELAXING

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)
Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees. (ZENITH)

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 0 degrees.
b. From horizon 0 degrees.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
LESS THAN 1/2°

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object it covers by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
APPROX. 2°

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
YES. STILL FLASHING - WENT OVER HORIZON.

24. In order that you can give a clearer picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The last question is left blank]


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear-sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Blank fields for Day, Month, Year]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Handwritten text: DAUGHTER]
AGE: 6.5

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten text: NOT SATELLITE -]


- page 11 -

