PROJECT 1607 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
4 Sep 63

2. LOCATION
Oxford County, Maine

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local Evening

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes, Physical Object
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
--

9. COURSE
Hole in Ground

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Report of hole about 6 inches in diameter going straight down (vertical) for about 13 ft. Assumed to have been created by impact of an object from the sky on the night of 4 September 1963 by the owner of the property.

11. COMMENTS
Army demolition team dug hole to attempt recovery of object. Hole ended at 13 ft. level. Water level reached at 14 ft. Hole assumed to have been drilled by auger. This was indicated by marks on a rock at the side of the hole. Apparently no attempt at a hoax.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 59)


- page 1 -

This case contains 6
8"x10" photos.


- page 2 -

There is no legible text in this image. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a figure standing in an outdoor setting with trees, a building, and some scattered debris or wooden materials in the foreground.


- page 3 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph or drawing of what looks like a large, rounded object with textured surfaces, possibly a rock or geological formation, situated against a lighter background.


- page 4 -

I apologize, but I cannot discern any legible text on this page. The image appears to be a heavily textured, grayscale document or photograph with varying shades of black, white, and gray, but no readable text is visible. The image looks like it might be a distorted or damaged document, with blurry, smudged textures and lines.


- page 5 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph or drawing showing what looks like a log or cylindrical object against a textured background with some horizontal lines or waves.


- page 6 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing what looks like a tunnel or cylindrical object with textured edges, positioned at an angle against a light background.


- page 7 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph or drawing showing a landscape with layered, wavy terrain or clouds, with varying shades of gray and black.


- page 8 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a white sheet of paper with an oval-shaped object or image printed/drawn on it. The object looks somewhat blurry or indistinct. The paper is positioned at an angle and appears to be resting on or against something. The surrounding background is dark and grainy, typical of an older photographic print.

No legible text is visible in this image.


- page 9 -

