PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
17 Sep 63

2. LOCATION
Seattle, Washington

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local - 2000
GMT - 13/0500Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
None

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2-3-5 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
two

9. COURSE
2. W

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
On base operating about the same size as a star in flight. Constant light, no flickering. Two stars in flight about to collide. Visible moving star passed other without incident. No sound. Observed very high, watched for a few minutes and scanned sky for additional objs. Noticed another obj in flight in opposite direction.

11. COMMENTS
The second obj is presumed to be an a/c observation. The description of the objs. it's light and the duration of the sighting are consistent with this analysis. The first obj is ECHO I. ECHO was South of Seattle at 1002 PM at 87 deg elevation heading SE.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon

Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft

Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical

Other (Satellite, Etc.)
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown


- page 1 -

HEADQUARTERS
MCCHORD AFB and 325TH COMBAT SUPPORT GROUP (ADC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
MCCHORD AIR FORCE BASE, WASHINGTON

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:   OG10/5539

SUBJECT:   Transmittal of Letter Reporting UFO

TO:        Secretary of the Air Force (SAFOI)
           Wash 25 DC

The attached letter of 24 September from Mr. [redacted] concerning
an UFO sighting on 17 September is forwarded under provision of par Y,
AFR 200-2.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ROGER L. CAPEL
Capt, USAF
Asst Admin Officer

1 Atch
1tr w/3

28 SEP 1963


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Commanding, McCleod AFB
Attn: Public Relations & Information Office
McCleod AFB, Washington

Subject: Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)
Date: Sept 17, 1963 Between 10 and 10:15 PM Pacific Daylight
Savings Time
Location at time of sighting: Hansville
South, Washington

Description: Object appeared the same color as the stars and the size of one of the larger stars. It held a constant flight aside the stars. My first impression was that two stars were about to collide. However, the visibly moving one passed on by the other without incident.

Course of Object: See attached sketch.
Altitude: Second very high. I heard no sound.
Observation: Visible without aid at the natural eye. First sighted as mentioned in description.
After observing a couple of minutes I glanced away to see if others were still moving object in sight.

(text continues but is partially cut off)


- page 3 -

I sought out the object again and was amazed to see it, or another object, headed back in almost the same direction from which the object originally observed to be traveling. This time I kept my eyes on this one object for 3 to 5 minutes when it disappeared instantly. I watched for several minutes but it didn't reappear. I saw one falling star during this time after the object disappeared.

Weather: Very clear and cool. No moon. Light ground haze. Capt. Jim Myers with the Boeing Company AFPR office secured the wind velocity from Olympia as being 16 mph at 40,000' altitude 340° at 9:00 PM PDT.

Respectfully,

attachment: 1


- page 4 -

Text found in the document:

Sky Dome

(over)

Some illegible handwritten text on the right side of the document, partially obscured.

The image appears to be a hand-drawn diagram of a dome or circular shape with some markings and trajectories drawn inside it.


- page 5 -

NOTE: The fellow working directly behind me said that about the same time of the night on Sept 9 1962 he saw within 5 minutes 2 such objects he was sure were satellites. Their paths crossed at about the angle shown in my illustration except both flight paths were to the eastward. The first he watched across to the horizon. The second he watched only briefly. He was camping in the mountains. He hardly observed the first but not the second object.


- page 6 -

October 17, 1963

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

This is in reply to your letter dated September 24th in which you reported a sighting on September 17th.

Of the two objects you observed, the first was probably an aircraft. We base this on the duration of flight and calculations. The second object you observed as Echo satellite.

Echo was south of the city of Seattle at a southeasterly direction at elevation of 370 moving in a southwesterly direction at 9:02 p.m. the evening of September 17th.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
[redacted], Washington


- page 7 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be a very low contrast, blurry document with text that is almost entirely illegible. While there are vertical and horizontal lines suggesting a structured document (possibly a form or table), I cannot confidently OCR any specific text from this image. The document appears to be a scanned page from a vintage document, but the details are too faint to read accurately.


- page 8 -

