The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and investigations.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 2-3-63
2. LOCATION Silver Grove, Kentucky 
3. DATE-TIME GROUP 2-3-63 2305
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Radar
5. PHOTOS None
6. SOURCE Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 2 to 5 minutes
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS two
9. COURSE Southerly
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING Report from 15 year old who has reported sightings over the phone of similar objects before. Witness reports watching two objects moving southerly for 2 to 5 minutes.
11. COMMENTS Previous reports from this witness indicate that he is reliable. The visual and radar confirmation suggests that the objects may be real. The nature and purpose of the objects are unknown. Additional intensive investigation may be necessary to determine if this is a genuine sighting.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that observers have witnessed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications, without your permission.
1. When did you see the object? May 9, 1963
2. Time of day: 10:55 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Daylight Saving
4. Where were the object? Silver Grove, Kentucky
5. How long was object in sight? Minutes 5 Seconds 00
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright, b. Clear NIGHT: a. Bright, b. Clear
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? a. In front of you

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page from a project blue book report with a questionnaire about a UFO sighting. 

8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight — pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? E.Y.E.S

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know e. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't Know g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell who: It moved behind.

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what: in front of.

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One for each) a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other Yes No

- page 3 -

The image contains a sketch or drawing of what appears to be a single unidentified object. The shape is oval or elliptical in nature, with no other details provided about the object itself. The text indicates that the person was asked to draw a picture of the object they observed.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: 2:c 26
b. Color: Brilliantly colored,metallic in appearance

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially indicate whether trails or vapor trails accompany the object. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A sketch of an oval or elliptical shape is provided.]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 3
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
[Three sketches of oval or elliptical shapes are provided.]

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. The text is handwritten and includes questions and answers related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
A/////  >->->  /C

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
About the size of a quarter at full arm's length.

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
1/2

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It dimmed and faded from view.

24. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a type of object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
About the size of a quarter, bright white light, slightly elongated, with no wings or other detail visible. It moved smoothly and silently across the sky.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire form.

Transcribed text:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In a residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Watching TV & looked out of window 

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from the horizon (elevation):
31.1 When it first appeared: a. From true North _____ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: a. From true North _____ degrees.

- page 6 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain 
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? F.T.D, Maj. Offutt

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No 

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Guided missile

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire filled out by a witness.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One): Yes, No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 700 to 800 miles per hour

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One): Yes, No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 4-5 miles

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
Age: 25 Sex: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
[Redacted]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 5-17-63

- page 8 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, specifically case no. 1, where the observer's report is being considered. The text states: "Case No. 1 - Although the object may have been an aircraft, we feel that because of the unreliability of the observer the report should be rejected from serious consideration."

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, if they are relevant. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached.

CASE NO. 1 - Although the object may have been an aircraft, we feel that because of the unreliability of the observer the report should be rejected from serious consideration.

- page 9 -

