PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
28 April 1963

2. LOCATION
50.35N 170.10W (Pacific)

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT 29/10247

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
Air-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No

6. SOURCE
Civil Airlines

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not reported

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
North

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object assumed to be satellite orbiting S to N. Appeared at 45 deg elevation and was followed visually to the horizon. Blue and white color. Moving rapidly.

11. COMMENTS
ECHO data not available. Object assumed satellite by reporting officials. Case carried as satellite.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other: satellite
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   5 April 1963
                                                                                       Southern California

Marker: 1 APR-SEP 63

Case 21, Southern California, April 5, 1963: A strange ball of fire was reported
by hundreds of persons. It did not act like a meteor, and it stopped and started
again several times. First seeming to disappear about 9p.m., it reappeared at
roughly 9:15 p.m. It later "disintegrated over a nearby hill." (NICAP Reporter.)


- page 2 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   6 April 1963
                                                                                       San Diego, California

GLOBAL SIGHTINGS
SAN DIEGO, CALIF...The San Diego Union-- (April 6,1963) newspaper carried a story entitled "Flash in the Sky a Satellite?" Several hundred persons in San Diego, and many more from all over the Southwestern states as far east as El Paso, Texas saw a bright flash and lights in the sky. Fort Arguello (UFI) reported similar sightings. Many from San Diego saw a red streak heading over water (Pacs. Ocean) at high speed. Then whatever it was began to tumble and the color changed from red to a weird blue. Vandenberg AFB stated that it had made a routine launch of a satellite, but would not give details as to time, etc. The time in San Diego was sometime after 7:00 PM.

That would account for the change of color of the streaking red to weird blue? Long before satellite launches, this color-change characteristic was known to UFO researchers.


- page 3 -

No Cls: (Information Only)                                                   7 April 1963
                                                                                      Copenhagen, Denmark

Source: Info: 56.43

Case 72: Copenhagen, Denmark, April 7, 1963. A circular UFO, "the size of a little pea", changed color from glass-like yellow-white, then closed vertically, and changed color again to red. (UFO Nyt.)


- page 4 -

Newcastle upon Tyne
Flying Tyre

9 Apr 1963
Newcastle, England

The following account appeared in the Newcastle Evening News of 8 April 1963. A large newspaper clipped sheet was presented to have been seen moving across the sky between Felling and Whickham, western Newcastle. Mr Peter Lamb, of Felling Avenue, Stakeford, was driving his car when he saw the object through his windscreen.

He stopped the car and got out thinking it was and felt of the windscreen to see if it was hot. Then I saw that it was moving across the sky, somewhere between 400 and 500 feet up.

I noticed it was about two or three miles away. It looked just like a wagon tyre. He said.

"I was really sweating by this time," said Mr. Pillar. "I am quite certain it was no aircraft or balloon. It was really frightened me. It moved up in a north easterly direction. There was a bright orange flash at one point of it. I moved off and saw it last quite a while."

Mr. Pillar and other local witnesses later over Mr. Pillar. R.A.F. of Boulmer to tell them of the experience and to ask them to investigate. Might the boy notice at the dating said, "I am afraid I cannot comment on this matter."


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Falling Spheres Found

In early April 1963, newspapers were printing the news of a mysterious metal sphere found by Mr. J. McLure on station property near Broken Hill, New South Wales in Australia on 8 April. It was shipped to Broken Hill for examination by scientists there. It could not be cut or broken into by the use of a file or hack saw. Metallurgists at the Zinc Corporation said it had been subjected to great heat, was 14 inches in diameter, weighed 12 pounds and was spherical and hollow. McLure, who found the object said that no one had been in the area of the sheep station where the object was found, for about 50 years.

After the initial news release from Broken Hill which contained the foregoing information, the object was shipped to the Weapons Research Establishment in Salisbury for examination. Mr. R. Pitman-Hooper, the Zinc Corporation's manager, refused to make any real comment on reports that the Corporation's metallurgists at Broken Hill had determined via X-ray spectographic examination that the object contained beryllium, titanium, and magnesium and had only this to say: "All I can say at this stage is that our scientists have had a look at the object, that any tests they may have made so far are inconclusive and that the sphere has been placed in the charge of a senior Army officer." The Director of the Broken Hill division of the U. of New South Wales, Mr. T. K. Hogan, said that university scientists had made a visual inspection of the object and that what they saw would not be "inconsistent with the report that it contained metallic material."

He said further that the metals were certainly of modern origin and were also non-magnetic. He also commented on an unusual "submerged arc weld" around the surface of the sphere which was a "most beautifully executed job." He added the remains of two lugs still attached to it. Hogan also said that the object was definitely hollow and that they would have "dearly liked to open it." He theorized that the object probably had originally been protected by some sort of heat shield which protected it from the intense heat which melted the lugs.

On the 30th of April, a dispatch out of Canberra said that the sphere had "definitely been identified as part of a space vehicle." It went on to explain that Mr. Allen Fairhall, Australian Supply Minister, told the House of Representatives that the sphere was identified as part of a space vehicle. Australia was "communicating with the overseas Governments from whose spacecraft it might have come." The dispatch also said that the sphere carried the faint outline of a hammer and sickle, the Soviet emblem. Fairhall said the sphere had not been opened as it might contain "something of scientific interest." "It's a million-to-one chance that a piece of orbiting hardware should survive the temperature of re-entry and be recovered in one piece," he said. Various newspapers carried the news that scientists (unnamed) had determined from the object was a pressure vessel from a space vehicle, designed to withstand great pressure.

Apparently no more information was released concerning the mystery sphere, but a small article in the Omaha World-Herald (Nebraska, U.S.A.) for 2 October 1963, carried the information that the first sphere had not been identified when the second one was found in October about 35 miles from the location of the first one.

The press release divulged the fact that despite inquiries abroad, the Australian government had not located the origin of the first sphere. The second sphere was described as 16 inches in diameter and weighing 18 pounds. It was also said to be a "stainless steel ball" on which a valve had been turned into a fused mass, apparently as a result of intense heat.

It is interesting to note that to this date no definitive news concerning the metallic makeup of that first sphere has been released, nor has there been any further description or clarification of the physical properties of the second. This brings to mind another mysterious object which was found in South Africa in early 1962. This object was identified as a spherical titanium pressure tank from the fuel tank of an Atlas rocket. There was no doubt that this object, at least according to press reports, belonged to a U.S. space vehicle. The question now arises: Whence the reason that the Australian spheres have not been identified. Disowned by Russia and the U.S.?


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case (Information Only)                                   12 April 1963
                                                             Hollister, California

Source: IATW - SEA '63

Case 73, Hollister, Calif., April 13, 1963. Glowing fireballs were seen over this
town for the third straight night. One was described as "a big red ball, trailing
smoke behind it." (NICAP Report.)


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case (Information Only)                                     10 April 1963
                                                                J G Jon, California

Saucer Intel - Ser 63

Case 74, El Cajon, Calif. April 16, 1964: Jack Bartlett sighting three UFOs in a
triangular formation travel from 270 degrees to 290 degrees in 14 minutes. (IS*)


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

1 Apr 1963
2 Gympie, Southern Australia

TASMANIA
Mystery object returns

The Launceston "summer" of Tasmania, reported in the April issue of FLYING SAUCER REVIEW, is back again with flashing brilliant red and green lights. It was sighted through binoculars for more than an hour last night in the Lower Mersey district.

Mr. and Mrs. D. T. Wilkins, who manage the post office at Woodsdale, and four members of their family watched the object through binoculars at intervals and described it as "pear-shaped".

Mr. Wilkins said the object was on the south-eastern horizon and, to the naked eye, looked like a bright star. However, through binoculars it appeared to be white and was flashing brilliant red and green lights. It was moving from right to left, and moving quite slowly.

The object in almost the same position, the object appeared to rise to a considerable height and then to descend again. And it was seen by several people.

Mr. Wiggins said that the object averaged a number of people who sighted it.

10:39 p.m. was almost invisible by


- page 9 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   19 April 1963
                                                                       Ripon, Wisconsin

Source:   Saucer News (Sep 63)Vol 10, No 3)

Four college students saw a group of bright luminous circular ob-
jects, traveling at tremendous speeds over a Ripon theatre near Ripon, Wis-
consin, on 19 April 1963. The case of the UFO was investigated by the Saucer
News staff and other investigators. They made several observations, including 150-degree time
marks to investigate the incident also saw the saucers himself, according to
information.


- page 10 -

Lights At Fond Du Lac, Wis.

During the week preceding 19 April 1963 strange lights were seen maneuvering in the skies above Fond Du Lac. On Wednesday night, patrons at a drive-in theater saw about 20 objects. These objects were sometimes white or crimson in color, moved rapidly and now and then in formation from horizon to horizon. The direction of travel was mostly east to west. It was also noted that they made sharp turns.

A spokesman for the Federal Aviation Agency in Milwaukee stated that the objects could have been airplanes refueling at high altitudes which would explain the lack of sound. The Agency had received similar reports a week earlier and had determined that in this case they were airplanes, and most likely B58 supersonic bombers which renewed operations over Wisconsin on 1 April. But the sharp turns...

(Editor's Note: It seems odd that an exact identification was not made, for surely the FAA would have known what type of planes were there, where and when. This one sounds like another "possible" identification.)


- page 11 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
UNCLASSIFIED MESSAGE

AF IN: 54657   (29 Apr 63)   N & W O M I N G

INFO: NIN-9, XOP-1, XOPX-4, SAF-OS-3, DIA-C5, DIA-CITIG-2, ARMY-2,
CMC-8, JCS-35, OSD-15, CIA-11, NSA-7   (123)

DE PUMLKH 3

ZNR

O 291105Z

FM 326 AIR DIV KUNIA FACILITY HAWAII

TO PUMLKW/PACAF HICKAM AFB HAWAII
RUMPHW/CO HAWSEAFRON PEARL HARBOR HAWAII
INFO RUEAHQ/CSAF USAF WASH DC
RUECW/CNO WASH DC
RUECW/SECNAV WASH DC
RUWGALB/CINCNORAD ENT AFB COLO
RUMPA/CINCPAC CAMP H SMITH HA
PUMPA/CINCUSAPAC FT SHAFTER HA
RUMPB/CINCPACFLT PEARL HARBOR HA
PUAWAAK/CO USJAPAN FUCHU AS JAPAN
PUAMG/CO USKORCA SEOUL KOREA
RUASFL/CO USTDC TAIPEI TAIWAN
RUCSBRG/CINCPAC OFFUTT AFB NEBR
AF GPHQ

BT

UNCLAS MADO-D 9735

/C I R V S/ BARRIER PACIFIC AIRCRAFT CALL SIGN 0874 REPORTS
SIGHTING WHAT APPEARS TO BE A SATELLITE AT POSITION
52 DEG. 35 MIN N. 179 DEG. 10 MIN W. AT TIME 1924Z.
APPEARED 45 DEG. ABOVE HORIZON AND WAS FOLLOWED
VISUALLY TO HORIZON. ORBITING SOUTH TO NORTH. BLUE
AND WHITE COLOR. MOVING RAPIDLY. NO EVALUATION.

BT
NOTE: Advance copies delivered to DIA, NIN & XOPX.


- page 12 -

To Some (Information Only)                                   22 April 1963
                                                                      New Zealand

Service Input - Set 63

Case 75. Rotorua, New Zealand. April 22, 1963. Alyyn Green, 19, heard a "real weird swish, a whooshing noise." He saw a round black sphere coming towards him. He said it stopped for a moment, then took off with another loud swish. Some others heard the noise but did not see the sphere. (NICAP Reporter)


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

The New Jersey Fireball of April 23, 1962

ON THE EVENING OF Monday, April 23rd, at 8:05 p.m. Eastern standard time, an exceptionally brilliant fireball was seen over New Jersey and from parts of New York and Pennsylvania (page 323 last month). The writer learned of this through letters from H. C. Courten of the Grumman Astronomical Society, Bedford, Long Island, and Reinhard Eck of Westwood, New Jersey. These letters describe the fireball as seen from the Philadelphia Inquirer published on the same day.

Altogether, about 80 persons wrote or telephoned, and may solution is based upon those reports that had usable data. At first it seemed that the solution would run out to be unusually accurate, but this was not the case. The positions on the earth's surface of the subsequent and subjoined points found to be quite well, but the various estimates of angular altitudes are divergent. No allowable shifting of the subpoints aided. The estimates from the Philadelphia area, where most reports originated, are considerably lower than the results for observers near the end point set these later observers took an approximate reference position.

A drawing of the path was taken for both the beginning height and the end point height. A drawing of the path was made to scale; the heights of two intermediate points were computed and then roughly confirmed the path; the average of 15 estimates of the downward slope of the meteor's track checked quite well. There, despite the large accidental errors in H1 and H2, is probable that the derived path is about correct.

Catalogued as AMS 2370, this fireball reached its end point at 10° 12' 56" sidereal time April 23, 1962. Its first be visible over the Atlantic Ocean east of Barnegat Bay at longitude 73° 47' west, latitude 39° 51' north, and ended above northern New Jersey at 74° 36' west, 41° 04' north. On the basis of 10 observers, the beginning height was 116 = 37 kilometers and the ending height 112 was 56 = 15 kilometers, from 15 reports. The probable true path was 165 kilometers long and its projected length was about 190 kilometers.

Some observers called the meteor "slow" and the numerical estimates of duration are more in accord than usual. From 22 reports, I compute the duration as 4.82 = 1.67 seconds, making the meteor's observed velocity in the atmosphere 35 kilometers per second. The body did not explode, and its height of disappearance (about 35 miles) was considerably higher than usual. Unfortunately, no reports have been received from ships or airplanes; even one good observation from such a source would help greatly.

Allowing for curvature of the earth, the meteor seemed to come from a radiant point at an azimuth of 352° (28° east of south) and an altitude of 17° 52' (at the time of maximum brightness of the observation). This position corresponds to right ascension 18h 32m and declination -25° = -25.5° in celestial longitude and latitude. Which are best known as the ecliptic and celestial. Assuming for the sake of computation that the orbit was parabolic, I find its culmination to the ecliptic to be 13°, the longitude of the ascending node 213°, the perihelion distance 0.8 astronomical unit, and the longitude of perihelion 8°.

The fireball's great brilliance was generally remarked. A few observers noticed the meteor first by the shadows it cast. Brightness estimates range from that of Venus to the full moon's, the average being about 10. In some cases, quite radically certain the fireball's light decreased rapidly, and some observers doubtless noted so, see the less bright portion and the brighter head.

Many said the object showed a disk. From their impressions, we conclude that the body was probably white with a slow apparent motion. One person reported a second train, notably the mentioned such an appendage.

I wish to thank the Philadelphia Inquirer and all of those who reported in this event to the American Meteor Society. Without such aid, no fireball's path could be calculated.

CHARLES P. OLIVIER
521 N. Wynewood Ave.
Narberth, Pa.

Reprinted from SKY AND TELESCOPE, Vol. XXIV, No. 1, July, 1962.


- page 14 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   24 April 1963
                                                                                       Monterey, California

Source: ZAM - 3PG-63

Case 76. Northern California, April 24, 1963. Bright flashes, glowing objects, fireball, and cloud of green fire were seen from 715 p.m. to about 11:00 p.m. The phenomena might be associated with the Lyrids, a meteor shower which periodically occurs at this time of year. (ICAP Reporter).


- page 15 -

- 1 - 31 MAY 1963 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                           OBSERVER    EVALUATION

1       Silver Grove, Kentucky             Military    Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
3       29.57N 140 03W (Pacific)                       BALLOON
4       Ocean City, Maryland                           AIRCRAFT
5       Arlington Heights, Illinois                    BALLOON
6       Whiteman AFB, Missouri             Military   BALLOON
7       North Vernon, Indiana                          Other (ASD TEST VEHICLE W/PARACHUTE)

8       58.15N 169.20W (Pacific)           Military   AIRCRAFT W/PARACHUTE
11      Northfield, Illinois                           AIRCRAFT
15      Louisiana-Mississippi Area         Multiple   Other (ROCKET LAUNCH)
15      Beaufort, South Carolina                       AIRCRAFT
17      Evanston, Illinois                 Military   AIRCRAFT
17      45.15N 173.53W (Pacific)           Military   Other (FLARE)
18      46.15N 171.15W (Atlantic)          Military   Astro (METEOR)
19      New Plymouth, New Zealand                      UNIDENTIFIED
21      40.02N 10.16E (Atlantic)           Military   Other (MISSILE/ROCKET)
22      Parkersburg, West Virginia                     Astro (METEOR)
22      Pequannock, New Jersey             Military   UNIDENTIFIED
22      43.20N 172.50W (Pacific)           Military   
24      Haleiva, Oahu, Hawaii              Military   Other (CONTRAILS)
26      Gulf of Mexico                     Military   INSUFFICIENT DATA
28      Philadelphia, Pennsylvania                     Other (CONTRAILS)
29      30 50N 159.02W (Pacific)           Military   INSUFFICIENT DATA
31      44N 43W (Atlantic)                 Military   Other (ELECTRONIC INTERFERENCE FROM WITHIN AIRCRAFT)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                           SOURCE      EVALUATION

May     Universe:                          Science News Ltr
May     Sansar, Florida                    
May     Boatloop, South Africa             Sky & TX
5-5     Northern Hemisphere                TARA
5       Westlake, Ohio                     
7       Liverpool, England                 IAPA, PSR
9       New Orleans, Louisiana             IAPA
9       Mt. Zion, Wisconsin                IAPA
10      Eagle Bend, Minnesota              APRO
10      Belfast, Maine                     PSR
13      Northern Ireland                   FSIC, PSR
17      Miami, Florida                     IAPA
19      Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio               FSIC
20      South Australia                    FSR, Saucer News
21      Bebington, England                 FSR
27      Australia                          FSR
29      Canberra, Australia                FSIC, PSR


- page 16 -

SMITHSONIAN ASTROPHYSICAL OBSERVATORY, CAMBRIDGE, MASSACHUSETTS

APRIL 30, 1963

[The rest of the text appears to be a detailed table with columns for satellite tracking data, including dates, times, longitudes, latitudes, and other numerical measurements. The table is titled "SATELLITE 1960 IOTA 1" and covers tracking data from April 21, 1963 to May 7, 1963. Due to the dense nature of the table, I cannot transcribe all the numerical data without risking errors.]

The header of the document indicates this is a report from the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory dated April 30, 1963, containing satellite tracking information for Satellite 1960 IOTA 1.


- page 17 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

186
ASTRONOMY
Science News Letter for March 23, 1963

Mars Still Bright in April Sky
The seldom seen Mercury will be visible at the end of April low in the west at twilight, while Mars remains prominent in the southwest—By James Stokley

► ALTHOUGH MARS IS rapidly receding from earth after it came nearest in early February—and is decreasing in brightness—it is still prominent in the evening skies of April.

To help in the constellation of Cancer, the star charts this month show the sky as it would look at the beginning of the month, and two hours earlier at the end of the month.

On April 1 the brightness of Mars, as measured on the standard scale, is 0.2, or about one-third as bright as it was when closest. Its distance on the first is 99,600,000 miles. By April 30 it recedes to 111,300,000 miles. Then its magnitude is 0.4, or about five-eighths as bright as on April 1.

Mars Between Two Stars

Mars is a planet—a body like the earth revolving around the sun. It stands at the middle of the month, about halfway between two bright stars. These are distant suns. To the right in first magnitude Pollux, in the constellation of Gemini (shown in the northern sky chart) is the other twin. To the left, or faintest—of the second magnitude stars, is the dog star Sirius.

This continues from Leo farther to the left and downward, you come to Virgo, the virgin. Above, and more to the left, is Bootes. The bright star Arcturus, first magnitude, more than twice as bright as Spica.

Low in the west is Orion, the warrior, now disappearing from view after shining so brilliantly high in the south on winter evenings. Capella is still visible.

To the left is the "dog star" Sirius, in Canis Major, the great dog. And higher, near Gemini, shines Procyon, in Canis Minor, the little dog.

To the right of Orion (down on the northern map) is Taurus, the bull, with the bright star Aldebaran. Auriga, the charioteer, is still dimmed because it is so low in the sky. Higher and farther to the right stands Capella.

Although it is not shown on the maps, you'll notice the best opportunity of the month to see Mercury will be at the end of April. You can only see this very low in the west at twilight. This occurs on April 25.

For a few days about then it will be visible after sunset, but it will be gone by the time the sky is completely dark. Jupiter now is too early in line with the sun to be seen easily. Venus rises about an hour ahead of the sun and you can see it in the east before sunrise. Saturn, which is considerably fainter, but rises about an hour ahead of Venus.

Stars Clearer Outside Cities

Ordinarily these maps show only stars and planets brighter than about four magnitude—which can be seen near a big city. But if you get out into the country on a clear night—far from the city's glare and haze—you see many others. The map shows stars of the fifth magnitude, which is about a sixth of the faintest that the average human eye can see under the best conditions.

The planet Uranus is now relatively close, and a little brighter than with a telescope. It is just barely visible in a very clear and dark sky. Its position is shown on our southern sky map, by an X in Leo, about half way between Regulus and fourth-magnitude star to the left, known as the Leonis. If you cannot find it with the naked eye, try a pair of binoculars, which should provide enough optical aid.

Even a pair of opera glasses would help. These will show a number of fainter stars, but Uranus is the brightest object between rho and Regulus. It looks somewhat green.

With a telescope you can see Uranus in the next planet out from the sun beyond Saturn. Its distance from the sun is 1,783 million miles. Saturn's is 886 million and earth's 93 million. It takes 84 years to make one revolution around the sun, compared to 29.5 for Saturn.

The diameter of Uranus is 29,200 miles, considerably smaller than Saturn with 75,100, or Jupiter, the largest, with 88,700 miles. But it is many times bigger than earth's 7,927 miles.

Planets Seen by Naked Eye

The planets Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn are all visible easily in the evening sky at the earliest times. Uranus was the first to be discovered with the aid of the telescope. It was found on March 13, 1781, by William Herschel—a German-born musician who settled in Bath, England, and became a famous astronomer. He had built himself and which we set up in the garden of his home, Herschel was making a systematic survey of the skies. He noticed what he recorded in his journal as a "curious either nebulous star or perhaps a planet."

[The rest of the text includes star chart descriptions and legends for the star charts showing the night sky in April 1963.]


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for March 23, 1963                                                   185

DE FIELDS

BIOLOGY
Three Chemicals Make
Life Possible on Earth
► SMALL AMOUNTS of three chemical compounds in the atmosphere—ozone, water vapor and carbon dioxide—make life possible on earth. Dr. Da Gua of the National Bureau of Standard Boulder, Colo. is reporting to chapters of the American Chemical Society that scientific research, on a national level tour.

Ozone, water vapor and carbon dioxide are responsible for the temperate climate with moderate heat absorption of the earth's surface. The earth itself is actually bathed in very rarefied, but outer edges of the atmosphere.

It is flanked not only with visible atmosphere. With increasing temperature, the height of the atmospheric density at the higher altitudes.

This thickening of the earth's atmosphere increases the atmospheric drag on orbital satellites, both decreasing their lifetime in orbit and markedly affecting other velocity below about 600 miles. The scientific research is continuing through these regions, like manned space craft, reentry vehicles and winged vehicles.

An active life of 90 to 100 days is perhaps a comet's. It never occurred to him that it might be a planet. But, as he and other astronomers continued to observe it and calculated its orbit they finally realized that it really was a new major member of the solar system.

Then came the question of a name for the planet. Herschel worked to honor the king and regularize it as a matter of pension. So he proposed "Georgium Sidus," or "George's star." This name was used for a time in England, but continental astronomers had other ideas. Some wanted to name it after the discoverer, some accepted the suggestion of J. E. Bode, a German astronomer, that it be called Uranus. This was the name, according to mythology, of Saturn's father, so it fitted in with the other planets.

When the movements of Uranus through the sky had been determined, its discoverers figured backwards, to see where it had been previously. This showed that a number of observers had actually seen it before 1781, but had thought it to be a star. Thus several astronomers could have won the fame that came to Herschel, if they had only checked their observations more carefully.

SPACE
S-6 Satellite Will Prob-
Upper Atmosphere
► THE S-6, a satellite to probe the structure of earth's upper atmosphere, is scheduled to be launched for the first time by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration in late March.

The S-6, with eight primary detectors, will measure eight characteristics of the upper atmosphere: pressures, densities, temperatures, composition, neutral particles, electron temperature and densities, ion temperatures and d sites.

The 400-pound satellite will be launched by a NASA-Douglas Titan Delta booster at Cape Canaveral, Fla. The S-6 is scheduled to launch a payload of 595 miles and a perigee of 155 miles, making a 56-degree angle w earth's equator.

This is the first satellite to be made of stainless steel. It will have a 35-inch diameter.

The satellite has unusual features for returning data to earth. Minitrack ground stations can command the package to relay data from any one, or any combination of its eight detectors.

Dr. Homer E. Newell, NASA's director of space sciences, says that there is much information yet to be gained from probing temperature variations in the upper atmosphere. With increasing temperature, the height of the atmospheric density at the higher altitudes increases.

TECHNOLOGY
Tiny Electron Light
Shines Without Heat
► THE FIREFLY is having competition. Man now can get a tiny, cool, green light from a crystal with no burning filament or ignited mercury vapor.

This is how it works: A piece of phosphor-coated crystal is mounted on an aluminum electrode. This is mounted on a slide and soaked up to a small battery.

Results: Glow little crystal glimmer.

Timmer, a cool light injection device, luminescence by thin films, according to physicists at the Ford Motor Company. The scientists were trying to prove some theories about the movement of electrons in materials when they came up with the cool, early light.

Many different chemical elements and crystal structures are used. Most common method is to apply a high voltage electrical current to a phosphor-coated crystal. The light has been found to emit when a summer night with all its knowledge and research can explain or even reproduce that low bit of light that winks a summer night without wires, filaments, batteries or other conventional light sources.

MEDICINE
Deadly Food Poisoning
Affects Spinal Region
► THE MOST DEADLY kind of food poisoning, botulism, can cause trouble to the central nervous system like that resulting from lockjaw, or tetanus.

This is indicated by studies of a 61-year-old man recently poisoned after eating home-canned string beans at a Boston hospital. Dr. Hi Richard Tyler of Harvard Medical School tested the patient's nerve response by electrical charges applied to elbow and wrist.

The tests showed that the "excitability" of the nerve was not usually present in normal persons. This points to found mainly in patients with brain and spinal injuries as well as those with tetanus.

Cellular Time Table for April
APRIL EST
3   Midnight   Moon passes Mars
5   7:52 p.m.  Full moon
16  9:53 p.m.  Moon nearest distance
    9:58 p.m.  Moon first quarter
21  4:00 a.m.  Moon passes Venus
23  2:00 p.m.  Moon nearest distance
24  3:20 p.m.  Moon passes Mercury
28  9:00 p.m.  Mercury farther east of sun
28  Noon       Venus passes Jupiter
28  9:00 p.m.  Moon passes Mars

Subtract one hour for CST, two hours for MST, and three hours for PST.


- page 19 -

No Case (Information Only)                1 April 1963
                                                    Petaluma, California

Source: Saucer News (Sep 63/Vol 10, No 3)

[The rest of the text appears to be partially cut off or illegible, with only fragments of words and sentences visible.]


- page 20 -

No Case (Information Only)                                4 April 1963
                                                                   Akron, Ohio

LOCAL SIGHTINGS:
W. AKRON—Thurs, April 4, 1963...Garman
Rd & Portage Path Area. At approximately
8 PM, the witness stepped into her backyard facing N. As she scanned the sky,
she saw a large red light over a school
in the area. She didn't remember ever
seeing a red light there before. It remained stationary and steady the three
minutes she watched it. She then started
around the east side of the house to get
her binoculars (7x50) when her attention
was drawn to a "very orange" light in the
SE at about 25° elev. She noticed that
the object would periodically diminish to
a pin point of light, and then slowly,
steadily regain its original brilliance.
    After observing several such fluctuations, she entered the house—and came
out minutes later with the 7x50 binocs.
The object would almost disappear even in
the binoculars—and she observed that the
center had the most intense coloring, the
outer circular area was 'soft' on the edges but definite, and the color was the
"orange-orange".
    After watching the strange object or
light for a few minutes, she decided to
have a look at the light over the school.
It was no longer visible. She returned
to the orange light and continued watching for a few more minutes. It was still
visible when she went indoors. Later,
she checked to see if it or the red light
could be seen—neither was visible.
    On succeeding nights she was unable to find
either object in the sky where she had
previously seen them. Overall duration
15-20 minutes. No sound....Reported by


- page 21 -

No Case (Information Only)                    4 April 1963
                                                        Lancashire, England

Source: Flying Saucer Review (Jul-Aug 63)

Blackburn UFO

[The rest of the text in the clipping appears to be partially obscured or illegible, with only fragments of text visible. I cannot confidently reproduce the full text of the article without risking introducing errors.]


- page 22 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   5 April 1963
                                                        Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio

CUYAHOGA FALLS, OHIO......April 5, 1963
10:15 PM, Second St-Arcadia......A high
school student was just preparing for bed,
when looking out the window facing east,
he saw a yellowish-orange light over a
house about a block away.  He said that
the light could be compared to that of a
very bright star in size.  It would dim
until it went out; then after a few sec-
onds the object became visible again and
slowly increased in intensity until it
achieved its original brilliance.

He couldn't determine whether the
object just diminished in its light in-
tensity or because it was due to hav-
ing become too distant to see. This pro-
cess was repeated rhythmically for a per-
iod of about 10 minutes.  At the times
when the light reappeared it seemed to
have altered its position.  His overall
impression was that the light was appear-
ing at the corners of an invisible square
but on a horizontal plane.  It finally
diminished never to return. Not seen since


- page 23 -

