PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
31 July 63

2. LOCATION
Scarsdale, New York

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
2300
GMT - 01/0400Z

4. PHOTO
□ Yes
■ No

5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
■ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Few min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
NW

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object shaped like two cones joined at base flying at estimated 5-10,000 ft. Size of large airplane and flight consistent with a/c. Object all aglow. Total observation few min. Multiple witnesses.

11. COMMENTS
Nothing conflicting with a/c analysis. Description and duration as well. Flight characteristics indicate that this was probably an a/c.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
■ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
YES, We saw it Aug 6, 1963 at the same location

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mr. [redacted] - Scarsdale
Mr. [redacted] - Scarsdale
Mr. [redacted] - Scarsdale
Mr. [redacted] - Scarsdale

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS Scarsdale, New York
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
AGE 37 SEX F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
31 July 1963 New York Times Planetarium
Westchester County Airport


- page 2 -

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
YES, We saw it Aug. 6, 1963 at the same location

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mr. [redacted] - Scarsdale
Mr. [redacted] - Scars
Mr. [redacted] - Scarsdale
Mr. [redacted] - Scars

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS Scarsdale, New York
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
AGE 37 SEX F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
31 July 1963
New York Times
Planetarium
Westchester County Airport


- page 3 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   14   August   1963
                                                    Day   Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[The rest of the page is blank]


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for June 22, 1963

Scorpion Shines in South

A total eclipse of the sun, visible along a path about 60 miles wide crossing Alaska, Canada and Maine, July 20, is the astronomical event of the month.

By JAMES STOKLEY

WITH THE COMING of the summer eclipse race on their typical summer evening sky, astronomers will see the Scorpion constellation high in the south, with the star Antares, distinctly red in color, at the most prominent position.

But the most unusual astronomical event of the month is a total eclipse of the sun on Saturday, July 20. It will be visible along a path about 60 miles wide, which crosses Alaska, Canada and Maine in the United States and Canada will see a partial eclipse, with the dark side of the moon covering only part of the sun's visible surface.

The brightest star that is visible is Vega, in Lyra, the bright star high in the west. Below it is the figure of Cygnus, the swan, in which another bright star, Deneb, stands. High, there are stars above on the map of the northern sky. And to the right of the southern maps is Altair, in Aquila, the eagle.

The great dipper, most familiar of all star groups, is low in the northwest. A great bear, hangs in the northwest. At the bottom are Dubhe and Merak, the pointers, which indicate the direction of Polaris, the pole star, over to the right. And the handle of the dipper extends upward, with the star Alioth joining the Alaskan line of eclipse.

(Most text in the right column is partially illegible)

The document also includes two star maps showing the night sky with various constellations and their positions.

At the bottom of the star maps, there is a legend: "SYMBOLS FOR STARS IN ORDER OF BRIGHTNESS"


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Top portion of text is partially illegible due to image quality]

Scorpion Shines in South
(Continued from p. 95)

JULY EDIT
2:40 am
2:50 am

Moon farthest, distance
51,500 miles
Earth farthest from sun
(or year), distance

3:00 pm
3:30 pm
3:30 pm
2:55 pm
2:00 pm
5:43 pm

4,150,000 miles
Full moon
Eclipse, not visible in U.S.
Moon passes Saturn
Moon reaches Jupiter
Mercury between sun
Moon passes quarter
Moon rises, distance
New moon, total eclipse

6:00 am
9:13 am
3:40 pm

Moon passes Mars
Moon in first quarters
Moon rises, distance
251,200 miles

Subtract local hour from GMT, two hours
for MDT, and three hours for PDT.

The bottom of the page contains an "ECLIPSE MAP" showing various stages of a lunar eclipse across North America.

The page is from the Scareens News Letter for June 22, 1963.

There is also a small section about "Up Water Small Fraction of Child's Fluid Intake" which appears to be a news snippet, but the full text is not clearly legible.


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
18 July 63
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 8 Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted] Function City, George, Kansas
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours   30 Minutes   Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? By Guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. To back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw this object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
light bulb

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other _________

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
(Yes)  No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? yes it went into a cloud

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: a cloud

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of: a cloud

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound high pitched
b. Color silver

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
all of it

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The document includes a hand-drawn sketch of two cloud-like shapes with a small object near one of them, with an arrow indicating movement]


- page 9 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. inside a building
b. in a car
c. Outdoors
d. in an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other [blank]

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. in the business section of a city?
b. in the residential section of a city?
c. in open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other [handwritten: backyard]

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? [blank] miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes   No   e. Binoculars Yes   No
b. Sun glasses Yes   No   f. Telescope Yes   No
c. Windshield Yes   No   g. Theodolite Yes   No
d. Window glass Yes   No   h. Other [blank]

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
[Question 26 is blank]


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show the direction you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

cloud                                                                cloud

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 3
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.


- page 11 -

August 16, N. Y.
August 1, 1963

Headquarters United States Airforce
Pentagon
Washington 25, D. C.
Attention: U P O Section
Gentlemen:

At the suggestion of a gentleman at the Airforce Information Center in New York City, I am writing to you regarding a phenomenon observed by me and five other persons last night (July 31) in the sky above my home in Scarsdale, N. Y. This was at about eleven o'clock in the evening.

The object was shaped like two cones joined at their bases, flying at about five to ten thousand feet. It appeared to be approximately the size of a large airplane moving through the sky at the same rate and in the same manner as a plane in a northwesterly direction. It was all aglow as if made of light. It disappeared from our sight in a few minutes. Besides the six of us who saw this object at the same time, I have not found anyone else in this area who also observed it.

I would appreciate any information you could give me in regard to this phenomenon.

Thank you.

Very truly yours,
(Mrs)


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
no

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[redacted]
Missouri

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS Junction City, 4 Kansas
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]    AGE 12    SEX Boy

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
- name in newspaper for tracknet award picture in newspaper for receiving a scoring trophy
- name in newspaper for tracknet award and reporting a trailer fire

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[partially illegible date]    [partially illegible month]    [year not fully visible]


- page 13 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 4 June 1965

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

We get good grades in school

we don't mind if you use our names in any statement, conclusions, or publications


- page 14 -

Unexplained Craters
In Britain

On the 20th of July, 1963, farmer Roy Blanchard, of Cheriton, Trent, England, discovered an unusual crater on his farm. The news of the discovery was carried in the press throughout the world and was given a great deal of newspaper coverage. The crater and armchair theorists had their day, but after all the furor was over, these are the basic and interesting facts:

Constable Anthony Penny had observed an orange object which flashed through the sky on the day the crater was found, and at 6 a.m. on an unspecified morning when the crater was found, Leonard Jolliffe, a dairyman at Manor Farm, near Blanchard's, heard a blast or explosion. We begin this document with these facts, although it has not and cannot be established that they are related to the crater, it is felt that any occurrence which might account for the mystery hole should be documented.

The physical description of the Blanchard crater is as follows: The deepest portion was three feet wide with a smaller hole, 2 inches in diameter and three feet deep, in the center. Around the large depression was a circular area which was depressed but not "dug out" like the middle section. On one side of this crater toward about 4 feet long and a foot wide, some of the same dimension radiated from the opposite side of the hole. The main circular crater was located in a potato field, and the three trenches on one side extended beyond a footpath at the edge of the potato field and into a barley field. In the area of these latter trenches, the barley plants disappeared, appearing to have been "sucked up" by something.

According to the NJAAP Journal (Levittown, Pa.) whose sources of information were Blanchard, and Mr. Charles Stickland, three other areas appeared.

(See Craters—Page 4)


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

PAGE 4                                                THE A. F. R. O. BULLETIN

Craters ...
(Continued from Page 1)

parentiy damaged of surface vegetation
were found later. One was under a gap
in the hedge located at the far side of
the barley field, where barley was missing over a circular area of approximately
two feet in diameter. This field was
bordered by a grass field, and then another barley field where the second (or
third) disturbance was found. Its shape
generally resembled that of a hand with
a pointing finger. Beyond the finger
portion was a line of upright barley
stalks with tips bent over at the
point of impact. The area was measured 1 foot in length. The third area
of disturbance was also in this second barley field but was inaccessible
because of the danger of trampling
healthy crops to get to it.

British bomb disposal units assumed
at first that the main crater was the result of an old World War II bomb which
had been accidentally exploded. Probes
located only a common field stone, eliminating the bomb explanation as well as
the meteorite explanation. First contact
with the stone had brought a flurry of
reports that a meteor was at the bottom
of the center hole.

Craters Found in Scotland

About 10 days after the first Charlton
crater was discovered, other craters were
located in other parts of Britain. Most
widely publicized was two holes at the
Middle Monynnt Farm, East Lothian,
Scotland, in the Lammermuir Hills near
Berwickshire border, 21 miles south of
Dunbar. According to press reports the
craters were two in number, about 3 feet
in diameter and about 3 feet deep.
Twelve trenches or channels, which appeared like the spokes of a wheel,
sprung from each crater and extended
to 40 feet beyond the rim. Huge clods
of earth and heather were scattered for
a distance of 40 yards beyond the holes
and a number of small squarish holes
about one foot wide and two feet deep,
were found 35 feet from the craters.

In late July two more craters were
found on Dufton Fell in Westmorland.
According to Mr. P. K. Haythornthwaite
(NJAAP Bulletin) of Cambridge, "The
large hole was 37 yards across, two feet
deep all over and roughly circular in
shape. The craters were on a slight slope
and from the lower end of each extended a 'channel' up to four feet deep and
16 yards wide. The channel from the
larger crater was about a quarter of a
mile long, the other being about 200
yards long. Both eventually joined small
streams." According to Haythornthwaite, the long channels did not look

like anything which might have been
caused by a UFO such as the Charlton
craters which resemble those documented in Aime Michel's book, "Flying Saucers and the Straight Line Mystery")
but rather "seemed to have been caused
by very large quantities of water landing
from above all at once."

The craters at Charlton and Scotland
brought to light another, located at
Flamborough Road, Yorkshire, which existence was known at the end of June.
It was first seen by a farm worker who
noted that the grass near the edge of a
field had been disturbed. He thought
little of it until the 10th of July when
he saw that the earth had been thrown
up, then decided it had been made by
a rooting pig until close examination indicated that it was too extensive to have
been the work of a pig. British bomb
disposal units eventually exploded the
crater and filled it in. Later attempted
examination yielded little because it had
been filled in, except for the information that it was roughly circular, 6 feet
in diameter, and about a foot to one
and a half feet deep.

Other craters, three in number, were
found near Sanquar, Dumfriesshire,
Scotland but no details of physical description was given by the BBC news
which reported them.

According to the editors of NJAAP,
the English and Scottish craters, when
mapped, fall into a pattern of orthogeniclike straight lines. No study of
this has been accomplished by APRO.
Although our "Strange Craters" file includes many similar instances, including the famous crater in Utah which
was found after a huge hemisphere of
flame was seen. Accompanying the flame
or fireball was a concussion which nearly wrecked cars on a nearby highway.
Another unexplained crater was at Las
Cruces, New Mexico, although no other
phenomena occurred at the time, as far
as is known. In this day of frequent
sonic booms, however, such a crater
could be formed and accompanied by
a blast and no one would be the wiser.

A cow began to lose its hide by
peeling . . . after the Charlton crater
appeared. Blanchard seemed to feel the
strange condition of the cow's skin may
have been related to what caused the
craters. The skin of the cow seemed to
have been burned.

The foregoing has been an abbreviated
but basically complete account of the
rash of craters in Britain. We would like
to encourage our readers to continue to
send information of this kind, no matter how scant the contribution may be.


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

ENGLAND - SOURCE: SAUCER REVIEW - SEP & OCT 63
NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY

22 July 1963
Cheltenham, England

Cadet sees saucer
The Gloucestershire Echo of July 23 carries this story:
An unidentified flying object was seen by an ex-R.A.F. cadet at Hatherley-near-Green Lane night. He was driving along the main Cheltenham - Cheltenham road at about 10.15 p.m. when he noticed the object was attracted by lights in the sky.

"He stopped and got out of his car and saw the object at a height of about 150 ft. It was shaped like three tiers of lights in yellow, orange, and red round the car."

The object crossed the main road at a speed of 100 m.p.h. travelling north-west. It was completely silent. There have been other reports of the object being seen.


- page 17 -

Information Only
Course: Flying Saucers, Aug 64

24 July 1963
British Isles
Great Britain

SAUCERS
OVER THE
BRITISH ISLES

AT 8:45 a.m. on Wednesday, 24th July, 1963 Michael Lee and John Duffy, both of Kent-more Approach, Leeds 14, were on their way to school with a group of friends. A they reached the top of the hill Michael (10) about "Look, a flying saucer!"
The boys looked where he pointed and saw the above object, drawn here by Michael.

F. Malcolm Bull and Trevor Whitaker of our Halifax Branch sent the following report after investigating the incident:

The boys were walking due north at the time they saw the object, and reported it as moving from right to left (westwards). It was round with a cockpit, metallic in appearance and seemed to have a dull surface. The sky was overcast and the object disappeared and reappeared regularly, as if it were moving amongst the clouds. The object was at an altitude of about 30 degrees and

was about one mile away over Roundhay Park Woods. It made a buzzing noise and appeared to be almost twice as big as the boy's flat at arm's length. Michael did not know the nature of the darker marking shown at the forward end of the object in his sketch.

John Duffy, also ten years old, said that the object moved too fast to be an aeroplane, and then it flew off at a high speed and vanished.

Mr. Donald Foy, John's uncle, said that the description given by the boys fitted that of two objects seen by him over Leeds six years ago. He had never mentioned these objects to his nephew.


- page 18 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)

Two boys see saucer

The (redacted) Post says the following account is an official statement by two boys who were accompanied at with a photographer of the town's newspaper.

A group of schoolboys claim that a sighted a flying saucer while walking near Rosedale Park at 8:15 a.m. as they were on their way to school, they said.

For a moment they first sight of the object behind trees, then it reappeared in the west at a low altitude and vanished.

The boys had just reached the top of Kenmore Avenue, near Scarsdale, where they all live. When Michael Lee, then first saw the object, he called his friends' attention. They all saw the silvery object move a shadow in the woods, about a mile away. Another boy, then Duff, said that the object was one of those things that pop it flew away too fast to be an unequivocal and it made a buzzing sound, he said.

All the boys told their sisters, but only one, Mr. Lee, when he returned home, said the object appeared about the size of six years ago, which he had never mentioned to his nephew before.

Leeds police did not receive any flying saucer reports yesterday.

Spokespersons from Rye, Larchmont, and Disbatch could not say whether the aircraft were in the Leeds area at 8:15 a.m.

24 July 1962
Leeds, England


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

LOOPS PEYLAND - SOURCE: SAUCER REVIEW - SEPT. OCT 63

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)

24 July 1963
Leeds, England

Two boys see saucer
The Yorkshire Post gave the following account yesterday of an incident which took place on 25 July some 300 yards from a school playground.

A group of schoolboys claim to have seen a flying saucer over Leeds yesterday. They met a hovering over Roundhay Park woods at 8.45 a.m.

In their way to school, they said, they saw a moment, they lost sight of the object behind some trees.

When it reappeared it flew at high speed and vanished.

The boys had just reached the school, Michael, Michael, where they all live. When Michael Law, ten, first saw it, he shouted to his friends and they all saw the slow-grey object over a hollow.

Another boy, John Atkinson, said the object was circular and had a cockpit on the top. It flew away fast to be an aeroplane and it made a buzzing sound.

Mr. Fox, when he informed home, Mr. Fox said the description differed from the two objects he saw over Leeds six years ago, which he had never mentioned to his net receive any local police aid just yesterday.

Spokesmen at Church Fenton, Linton-on-Ouse and Dishforth R.A.F. stations could not say whether an aircraft were in the Leeds area at 8.45 a.m.


- page 20 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

UFO sighting
Place
Time
with
out

Some of the text is partially obscured or cut off, making it difficult to read the full context. There are also some small hand-drawn symbols or sketches on the page, including what appears to be a small circular or oval shape.


- page 21 -

Here is the text from the document:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

WASHINGTON, DC Page 1

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
24 July 1963

2. Time of day: 8 30 Hours (Circle One) A.M. or (P.M.)

3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern
b. Daylight Saving

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
City

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours Minutes 3 Seconds

5.1 (Circle One) a. Certain
b. Pretty certain

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY NIGHT
a. Clear a. Dark
b. Cloudy b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you
b. To your left

FTD FORM
OCT 64 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 63, which is obsolete.


- page 22 -

Scarsdale, N. Y.

Headquarters United States Airforce
Pentagon
Washington 25, D. C.

Attention: U F O Section


- page 23 -

FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight—pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Much brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [Handwritten text, partially illegible]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes/No/Don't know options are marked for each item, with most marked as "No"


- page 24 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it so, how?
    the clouds spread

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
    It moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
    In front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Shape: was oval
    b. Color: silvery gray

18. We wish to know these/angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
    18 or 20 feet

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an oval-shaped object with the word "Saucer" written on it, and additional notes about its size and position]


- page 25 -

Air Force UFO form continued

Page 3                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 65 MILES/HR

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 260 FEET ABOVE ME

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over countryside?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North      c. East       e. South       g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast  f. Southwest   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses  Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other        Not particularly

26. In order that you can give us a clear or as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or jets which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Nothing

Clouds
Scattered


- page 26 -

Official U.S. Air Force

Page 5-

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved lines to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved lines to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 27 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO form continued                                                       Page 5

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
Yes now in 7-13-1963

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
no, I will not write not believe us
and get him details

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
AGE 22   SEX M    State NY

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Well I believe in Science
alot and also not know
about them.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
14   July   1963                NO BODY BUT
                                MY FRIENDS


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form co
Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: None

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Well I was playing army, and then I took a blake and to looked up, and saw the clouds separate and saw some cause pass by out after the saucer & passed by the clouds came back again, and I called my friends and they believed me. And then my eyes...

(Note: The text appears to be handwritten and some words are slightly difficult to decipher with complete certainty.)


- page 29 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

Air Force UFO form continued

Page 7                                                   Page 8

[Left column, partially legible text:]
playing
took
de
saw
after
ly
lead
they

[Top right of Page 8:]
Getting blurr.

[Handwritten text at top right:]
This - Started

[The document contains a hand-drawn diagram/sketch of intersecting lines forming an X-like shape in the right column/page]

Some text is partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the document.


- page 30 -

Information Only
Source: Flying Saucers, Aug 64

25 July 1963
Stratford-on-Avon,
Great Britain

In the night of Thursday, 25th July, 1963 several sightings came from the Midlands and are reported here with acknowledgments to the Stratford-on-Avon UFO Group.

Observers in the Birmingham area described an object which was seen on a very clear light, with which it illuminated the ground, it then glowed bright red, climbed at a fantastic speed and vanished into the night sky. Other reports from Malvern mentioned ten objects.

Mr. Dunn and Mr. Cope of Bloxwich watched an object which they describe as a "big beaming searchlight" flashing on and off at a height of 6,000 feet. The colour of the object, which was visible towards the south-west, changed to bluish-white then to red. It stopped on several occasions and then disappeared in a southerly direction, towards Walsall.

At 11:15 p.m. Mr. B. Whitehouse reported a bright light which climbed vertically then moved towards Evesham. The object was seen again at midnight and was definitely not a plane.

Mr. B. Jordan of Alveston, Stratford-on-Avon, who works at the Royal Shakespeare Theatre, wrote:

"Mr. James drew my attention to a very bright light which was seen from the Balcony Terrace of the Theatre. The light, which was in a N.E. Direction, was as bright as a car headlamp and had two small rays of light beneath it, and it was much larger than any other area which we could see.

This was at 11:20 p.m. A few moments later the intensity of the light dimmed somewhat and, watching very carefully, the object began to move, gaining height and appeared as it went over the Theatre in S.W. Direction, when we noticed it carried a green light on one side and an orange-red light on the other.

"A little later in the evening, at about 11:40 p.m. I attracted Mr. James' attention to the light in the same position as it had been before. It was noticeably dimmer and we watched it for about one minute. It was of exactly the same appearance and carried out the same movements as before. There was no sound on either occasion".

A woman in Birmingham reported an object of about the same size as the moon which was emitting a grey vapour.

On contacting Preston Air Control, the police were told that the lights could have been those of civil aircraft, since Walsall is on a main air route.

A spokesman for the Royal Radar Establishment at Malvern said that an aircraft from the Flying Unit there, fitted with a powerful narrow beam searchlight, had been in the area working in conjunction with equipment at the Establishment.

If the aircraft mentioned by the Royal Radar Establishment were responsible for the object in the above reports, the various interpretations which the observers put on their respective sightings are most interesting.

On the following day an object described as "satellite-like" was seen to move slowly from south-east to north-west. Three were four witnesses to this sighting, which if a satellite might have been in a retrograde orbit.


- page 31 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case (Information Only)                                                   25 July 1963
                                                                             Blackpool, England

Source: Flying Saucer Review - 800-DEC 63

Seven UFOs over Blackpool

Mr. L. Booth, of Northumberland Avenue, Blackpool, wrote to the North Lancashire Evening Gazette, his letter was published on August 8 and reads as follows:

"I have been reading your paper of August 1 and reading with interest the article about lights in the sky. I have also seen similar things, only on a different date. On July 25 as I was returning to Anchorsholme from work at about 12.50 a.m. I happened to look up at the sky when all of a sudden I observed a formation of seven objects passing over me and out to sea. They were very low and gave the appearance of being in a formation, although there was no sound from them. They were emitting from orange light, and they were visible for only about ten seconds and moving very fast."


- page 32 -

No Case (Information Only)
                                                                        25 July 1963
                                                                        Lanarkshire, Scotland

Source: Flying Saucer Review - Nov-Dec 63

Town councillor sees saucer

The Daily Mail (Scottish edition) on August 1 carried the following news item: "A 64-year-old town councillor claims he saw a flying saucer over Lanarkshire the day six people saw a strange object flying above Edinburgh. About the same time a number of mysterious spider-shaped craters were discovered in various parts of the country. He is Councillor John Gallagher, of Calder Avenue, Coatbridge, and was on duty at Whifflet North Junction on Thursday last (July 25).

"He said last night: 'A plane heading towards Kenfrew attracted my attention. Just as it was disappearing, the flying saucer came into view. It hovered about 100 ft. above the centre of the town, then moved to the north side, over the parish church. But when Mr. Gallagher, the driver, looked away for a few seconds to attend to a passing train, it vanished.

"He said: 'I must have had tremendous speed to disappear so quickly. I told only my family about it at first because I was afraid I would be ridiculed. I never believed in such things before, but now I'm thoroughly convinced flying saucers exist.'

"Mr. Gallagher's description of the object tallied with that given by Edinburgh observers. He also logged its appearance - it came over Coatbridge at 9.45 a.m. and had disappeared at 9.56."

(Credit to Mr. William Robertson.)


- page 33 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY
MEMORANDUM
August 12, 1963

Dear Mrs.

Your letter did not
provide sufficient detailed
information to base an
evaluation. I suggest you
complete the attached form.
A pre-addressed envelope is
attached for your convenience.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information
Office of Information


- page 34 -

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
25th JULY 1963
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 6 30
           Hours   Minutes
(Circle One)   A.M.   or   P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One)   a. Eastern   a. Daylight Saving
             b. Central      b. Standard
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
UNKNOWN   Trenton   Wayne
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
0 5 0
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How certain:
    a. Certain   b. Fairly certain

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
    Yes X   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)   a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. To your right
             c. To your overhead   f. Don't remember


- page 35 -

FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2     2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):    8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                 a. Bright moonlight
    b. Few                  b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                 c. No moonlight-pitch dark
    d. Don't remember        d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):        WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear sky                a. Fog, mist, or light rain
b. Hazy                    b. Moderate or heavy rain
c. Scattered clouds         c. Snow
d. Thick or heavy clouds    d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)    d. As a light
    a. Solid                e. Don't remember
    b. Transparent
    c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter              d. Don't know
    b. Dimmer
    c. About the same

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
    AS Bright as a dull flashlight

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):   a. Fuzzy or blurred    e. Other:
                b. Like a brighlight
                c. Sharply outlined
                d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                      (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?     Yes    No    Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?  Yes    No    Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?        Yes    No    Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?                        Yes    No    Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                     Yes    No    Don't know
    f. Change shape?                          Yes    No    Don't know
    g. Flank or flicker?                      Yes    No    Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                Yes    No    Don't know


- page 36 -

Official U.S. Air Force

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
In moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
In front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:    4 dull pitch
b. Color:    orange

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
SPACE    0°    ABOUT    1/16 IT TOOK UP THE SKY, the

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an elongated object with an arrow indicating its direction of movement]


- page 37 -

UFO form continued

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 20 mph.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 200 ft.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF YOU WERE MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No

e. Binoculars      Yes   No
f. Telescope       Yes   No
g. Theodolite      Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: An odd shaped egg


- page 38 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place on "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw the object. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 39 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Jed Rand Magen 8327 BURNING BUSH GROSSE ILE, MICH

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: Grosse Ile, Michigan
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 10 SEX: Boy

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen this object?
[Blank spaces for Day, Month, Year]


- page 40 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 7 March 1967
Day    Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

30% other people saw it but were in different parts of town.


- page 41 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

NO GABIK INFORMATION ONLY)

26 Jul to 21 Aug 63
Wolverhampton, England

Wolverhampton mystery

The July-August "wave" over Britain included well-attested sightings of a mysterious unidentified object in the Wolverhampton area. The case was told in three successive issues of the Express and Star. Police officers were called to investigate.

July 28: Police officers went to investigate a report that a strange round object had been seen high in the sky over Walsall. Telephone messages were received from two parts of the town that a strange round object was seen. Mr. E. E. Dimes of Stephenson Avenue, Bloxwich, and Mr. A. G. Cartwright of Blakenall Lane, a Bloxwich police constable who was on beat there in Stephenson Square was told that while they were watching it, the object moved towards Wolverhampton.

"While they were watching it for 20 to 30 seconds. At 11:40 p.m. a similar report was received from another witness."

Down the road, who had seen an unidentified object in the sky circling the Walsall area.

A certain police officer told the Express and Star reporter: "After receiving these reports we got in touch with our control at Preston. They pointed out that Walsall is on a main air lane, and the lights could have been shown by a civil aircraft."

July 30: The mystery of the strange object with a red flashing light scene in the sky last Thursday night is continuing. A Wolverhampton police spokesman said a police constable had observed it. Mr. C. C. Martin, of 3 Toll End Road, Tipton, says that he first observed the flashing red light in Stoney Close. The patent Shaft Works...

"As he watched it the object moved very slowly in one direction and then came back to the same position again. He thought it might have been a civil aircraft, but he said it only carried a red light and aircraft did not stay aloft still in mid-air. Finally the object moved up again and disappeared behind a row of houses."

Mr. Martin said: "Although I was there for some time I was a good length of time I was a good length away, the shape was like a cigar-shaped Nigel Neale, an amateur astronomer, of 8 Buckley Avenue, Lanesfield, Wolverhampton, said: 'When last saw the object it was in the sky over Walsall and Wolverhampton. He first saw it at 11:30 p.m. and observed it with a telescope. The object was moving slowly and appeared a brilliant red. Under observation with the telescope the object was found to consist of long light. He said the object was the cause of its phenomenal speed.'

August 1: Another report was received describing the mystery object.

The Wolverhampton area last Thursday night. She is Mrs. C. Fardgey, of 48 Wallows Road, Brockmore, Brierley Hill, who said today the object of the object was circling round the Wolverhampton area though I first saw it near our house. I could not hear it and it did not appear to have any sound. It was a brilliant red light. It circled round for some time and it came towards our house and passed over after about ten minutes. The time was about 11:30 - the same time the other people said in the Express and Star report. I did not see any sound and I don't think it was an aircraft, although at first I did think it could have been a plane."


- page 42 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: Flying Saucer Review
Nov-Dec 65

27 Jul 63
Bernardo de Irigoyen, Argentina

Bernardo de Irigoyen (Province of Misiones) La Roja (Buenos Aires) for June 9, 1965, carried a report from Rosario stating that General Raul Fabian Pasternik, commandant of the National Argentine Gendarmerie in the North-East, recently gave a press conference at which one of the topics was, inevitably, the great UFO wave of the summer of 1965. In this connection, Commandant Zinoni told the newspaer that an interesting earlier sighting in 1963. He said that at 6:30 p.m. on July 27, 1963, when he was commanding the Gendarmerie detachment at Bernardo de Irigoyen, he and the Chief of Police, Commandante Jose Chiachio, and the Deputy-Chief, Senor Linta, had seen several luminous UFOs flying in a perfect "V" formation on a West-East course in the direction of Brazil. The objects, moving at great speed and altitude, gave off many-coloured flashes of light, and as they passed beneath the cloud cover they lit up the clouds with their varied colours. The authorities at Eldorado, 170 kilometers distant, later reported that the formation had passed over there. The paper quotes this as being one of the rare occasions on which a high officer of the Argentine National Force has spoken openly about the UFOs, and notes that what had impressed Commandant Zinoni most of all was this extraordinary display of colours.

To conclude this part of the Argentine 1963/64 story, here is one of the most staggering cases of the period, one which has become a UFO "classic".


- page 43 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case (Information Only)                                                27 July, 1963
                                                                   Cumberland, England

Source: Flying Saucer Review - MUJ-DEC 63

Cumberland
"tumbler-shaped"

The West Cumberland Times in its issue of August 3 reported that a strange object was spotted by Mr. Harry Stalker, a Distinguished engineer, who described it as a "tumbler-shaped" and glowing brightly in the northern half of the sky.

A Silloth man who examined a through field glasses on the evening of July 24 said it was very high, appeared to be metallic and surrounded by a red ring.

Mr. C. Hetherington, yet another witness, who lives at Station Road, Wigton, said it appeared to be a bright light in the centre which reflected the sun's rays. Mr. Leslie Rae, a Fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society, said: "It is obviously not a man-made satellite. It may be of considerable interest, and I would like to know if it was seen in other parts of the country."

(Credit to Mr. E. C. Boughton.)


- page 44 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
31   July   1963

2. Time of day: 11   5
(Circle One):   Hour   Minutes   A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern   (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Central                   b. Standard
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address is blacked out]   Scarsdale   New York
                                           City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)   Hours   Minutes   4   Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure
5.1 How was time in sight determined?   Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. in back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 45 -

NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY

23 July 1963
Bristol, England

Another Bristol sighting
The Bristol Evening Post, 8 feet on
July 29 reported:
There was a flying saucer
over Providence Lane last night.
At least, according to local
witnesses, Howard Williams and
there were two flying objects
flying object spotted at 8:45 p.m.

Providence Lane: Long
Ashton. (I was oval in shape,
even in colour, and flying at
about 100 feet high.) Williams
or John White (19), who lives
in 119 Providence Lane, said
"I had an aerial and made a
whistling noise like turning a
radio said binder's batsman
Howard Williams (19), who lives
at the same address, in the
same town, the direction of
Verdon super Mare, flew about
100 feet over the top end of the
town near Long Ashton, gold
coloured and slightly dimmed out
of sight after about two minutes.

I have never seen anything
like it before, but there was no
sound of it like others are using
like that. There were no
windows, no propellers, no
portholes, no signs of life." Long
Ashton police, local flying
club and RAF observers, and
Filton Met. Office failed to draw
the other spotter's help solve
the mystery.


- page 46 -

No Case (Information Only)

29 July 1963
BRISTOL, ENGLAND

Quincy, Mass. Newspaper
The Patriot Ledger, Tues., July 30, 1963

Mysterious Sky
Object Reported
Over England

BRISTOL, England (Reuter) — A mysterious object reportedly was seen drifting high above this city late last night and again early today.

The first time the object, an orange ball of fire, hung in the sky for about 10 minutes before disappearing, reports said.

An hour later a similar object was seen again and this time it moved as a terrific speed in the British Channel before disappearing.

On Sunday night two youths at Long Ashton, near Bristol, said a "flying saucer" was...

(Note: The last line appears to be cut off at the bottom of the image)


- page 47 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE AFRO BULL ETIN JAN64

UFOs Over England

On the 29th of July 1963, an object described as being like a ball of fire, orange in color, hovered in the sky for about 10 minutes at Bristol, England. It then disintegrated and disappeared. An hour later a similar object was seen moving at a very rapid pace above the Bristol channel. The day before, a "flying saucer" was noted at Long Ashton near Bristol. This sighting was made at night, as was the sighting of the 29th.


- page 48 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

No Case (INformation Only)

29 July 1963
Fayetteville, Arkansas

Source: Intn: SEP 63

The rest of the document appears to be redacted or blacked out with a large black bar covering most of the page.


- page 49 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   29 July, 1963
                                                                                       Chelmsford, England

Source: Flying Saucer Review - Nov-Dec 63

Chelmsford UFO

Mr. Ronald Caswell sends the following report: "My brother, Mr. Denis Caswell, 10 Taunton Road, Springfield Green, Chelmsford, wrote a letter to me a few minutes after sighting an object around 9 p.m. on July 29, 1963. Happening to glance through the large living-room window, he caught the sight of a glowing object in the sky some distance off. It was orange in colour, shaped like a short stick and at an angle of approximately 45 degrees to the ground. He had a clear view along a short road, across some playing-fields to some low buildings in the distance, just above this horizon, where the sun had gone down, was a layer of dirty-blue grey, then a layer of a reddish hue, then the blue sky.

The object was near the top of the reddish layer. (Which attracted my brother's attention was the stationary attitude of the object. For a period of about 30 seconds he watched it, then moved to make sure it was not a reflection.

Then he watched for a further period of about 30 seconds. Faces approximately due west. Then he ran from the house, jumped a low fence and called his wife and the woman from next door. It was about a minute or three minutes the three of them watched the object, commenting on the strangeness of it, then the left end of the object lifted to bring it to a horizontal position, then it tilted towards the right, the view then being blocked by some houses.

My brother had the definite impression that it was a large object a long way off. During his service with the Royal Artillery in Malaya, and has many times plotted weather balloons by theodolite."


- page 50 -

From Quincy Mass "Patriot Ledger" - 29 July 1963

QUINCY PATRIOT LEDGER
UFO Photo
By Weston Man
To Be Studied

WESTON - A Polaroid photograph of an unidentified disc-like object in the sky, taken by a Weston man during the solar eclipse July 20, will be studied by astronomers at the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory in Cambridge.

The photograph was taken by H. R. E. Powell, president of the Repco Vending Company, Needham. It shows a translucent, oval shape near a heavy cloud bank which was parting to reveal the sun.

The photograph was one of nine Mr. Powell took from the back yard of his home at 216 Glen Road, Weston. The picture was taken about five minutes before the eclipse. Mr. Powell said a spokesman at the Astrophysical Institute would not comment on the object until the picture had been studied.

Sent By: Raymond E. Foyd
13 Friend Court
Wenham, Mass.

1,500 Home


- page 51 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Flurry Of UAO Sightings
In Venezuela

APRO Member Joe Rolas has forwarded information concerning several sightings which took place in this country in the summer of 1963. Details of same follow:

The residents of a section of Caracas, Venezuela were amazed to observe a luminous object on the night of 29 July. The office of the newspaper "Ultimas Noticias" was swamped with telephone calls about the thing, generally asking for an explanation. A reporter called the local Cajigol Observatory but got no information than others who called about the object; the individual who answered the phone at the Observatory said he could not give out any information because of the risk of being "fired."

Some observers said the object was round, others that it looked like a "dish platter," still others, like a giant beam of luminous light, "displacing itself at great speed."

The calls started at 8 p.m., and the next day Ultima Noticias was told that as soon as the investigation was finished, they might be able to furnish an explanation.

Did Object Land
Near Caracas?

In addition to the sighting of 29 July and other less detailed incidents, Mr. Rolas forwarded the details of a purported landing in the Las Acacias section of residential Caracas on the 6th of August 1963:

At 10 a.m. large numbers of people, including the Jorge and Villegas families, observed a brilliant, disc-shaped object which seemed to be gigantic in size, and which appeared to land, then take off near the National Television Plant and University City.

The observers in Las Acacias live on a hill and, when they observed the object, they saw it across a valley, on the hill opposite. Some at first thought a plane had crashed, and calls went out to various agencies, including the Fire and Police departments, for help.

The sun was shining brightly and the atmosphere was very clear, so that viewing the object was very easy. The thing was spotted in the sky, then it came down to terrain level where it made several maneuvers, then hovered stationary for several minutes. When it finally let went straight up into the air at such high speed that many thought it had disappeared. It was due to this impression that physicians, nurses, firemen, police and personnel from the Rescue and Salvage Service of the Ministry of Communications, arrived on the scene shortly after ten o'clock. A thorough search was made but it was soon obvious that the object had not actually landed, and had left abruptly as some witnesses had maintained.


- page 52 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case: (Information Only)                                   30 July 1963
                                                               England

Source: Flying Saucer Review - Nov-Dec 63

North Devon Visitor

The North Devon Journal on August 1 reported as follows: "The mysterious glowing object reported to have been seen in night skies over the Westcountry, was sighted over Woolacombe in the small hours of Tuesday morning. It was seen by Mrs Florence Rowland, who was sitting up with a sick friend at Baggy Leap, Woolacombe." It was moving westward," she said. "It disappeared from my view between Lundy and Hartland Point."


- page 53 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case (Information Only)                                   30 July 1963
                                                   Nottingham, England

Source: Flying Saucer Review - MU-D162

Nottingham mystery

We are indebted to Mr. G. M.
Denison for sending us the following account taken from the
Nottingham Evening Post of July
31:

Four fishermen at Trent
Bridge yesterday were startled to
see a mysterious object in the sky.
The bright object appeared over
the Suspension Bridge before
dipping down out of sight. Mr.
Edward O'Dowd (29) of Harford
Street, Nottingham, told the
Evening Post that he was out
fishing with his two younger
brothers, Peter (22) and Barry
(15), and they were preparing to
pack up just before 9 a.m. when
they saw the light in the sky. "It
came at a fast speed and seemed
to disintegrate. About 15 minutes
later we saw the object again.
It was not a shooting star or a
satellite," he said. "I do not
look like—and neither was it a
satellite," said another witness.

"He added that it appeared to
be a little smaller than the full
moon. With the three brothers
was Mr. John Parker (26), of
Atlas Street, Nottingham, who
told them that he had seen a
similar phenomenon once before.

Yesterday it was reported that
a mysterious object, like an
orange ball of fire, had been seen
in the sky over Bristol twice
during the previous night.

For an explanation of the
UFO over Bristol see FLYING
SAUCER REVIEW, September-
October, 1963, issue.


- page 54 -

Source: Flying Saucer Review -HWD-PL 68

Somerset saucer

From the Burnham-on-Sea Gazette and Highbridge Express, August 1: "I wonder what H. G. Wells would have made of this. For like many other West Country people, Mrs. Alice Irene Chiswell, of Ivy Cottage, West Huntspill, saw the 'Mysterious Thing' in the sky shortly after midnight, on Tuesday. Mrs. Chiswell, who awoke her husband, saw The Thing as she was looking west from the bedroom window. She described it as 'A big glowy light' it was rather oval in shape and drifted. A storm appeared to come down from it, and the colours were red and orange.

"It was quivering all the time, something like a jelly, and watched it for about a quarter of an hour," said Mr. Harry Chiswell, her husband, it was the moon, but he pointed out to him. The moon does not do the Twist," Mrs. Chiswell said that The Thing appeared to be very slowly descending in a wavy motion. Then, it faded out."

30 July, 1963
Somerset, England


- page 55 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
electric bulb

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know

Page 2


- page 56 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case (Information only)                                   31 July, 1963
                                                             Medway, England

Source: Flying Saucer Review - MU-DEC 63

this thing high in the sky, travelling north to south slowly, then it went straight up, like. It was in the shape of a "V" and shone in the sun.

Another man was the "thing" was 24-year-old David Bird, of Gardner Street, Gillingham. He claimed the object remained still for two hours.

At 7.30 p.m. I was out of the window and saw some jetstreams and this thing in the sky. It was like a shining white light, said Mr. Bird. With the aid of some opera glasses he could see a red glow on the bottom.

"I have never seen anything like it," he continued. "All the neighbours were out looking at it. It went from a "V" to a circular shape while it hung in the air."

Mr. Bird's brother thought it resembled a triangle, however. Said Mr. Bird: "I daresay there are other planets looking at us, and those triangles in Dorset make you think."

"Was the object a weather balloon which can reach tremendous heights and form unusual shapes? Mr. Bird discovered this on the ground that this object remained stationary for such a long time.

Viewing it through his 60-magnification telescope at Pump Lane, Rainham, was Mr. Claud Shend, who described Mr. Bird's old-fashioned number - He thought it might have been eight to ten thousand feet up, and seemed to be made of a shiny plastic, although with the eye it looked like a white dot against the sun.

"But the final word came from the Air Ministry." "We are looking into it," said a spokesman. "It was seen over a wide area of the South-East."

"It has been suggested it could have been one of the many varieties of meteorological balloons, or a radio-sonde balloon. These are made of a plastic material and when released look like an inverted pear. At a certain altitude they burst and parachute down equipment used for examining the atmosphere."

Medway towns mystery

The Chatham, Rochester and Gillingham News on August 2 reported: "What was the object that hung for two hours in the sky over Gillingham on Wednesday night (July 31)?"

Eyewitnesses described the unidentified flying object as: "Like a triangle with a red glow at the bottom." Said a man who was walking down Franklin Road at about 8.30 p.m.: "I saw this thing high in the sky..."


- page 57 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   31 July 1963
                                                                                       SE England

[Handwritten text at top: "Saucer Flying Saucer Review - Nov-Dec 63"]

Triangular object

Sir,— I am enclosing a transparency taken on Ferrania reversal film using a 400-mm. lens in a single lens reflex camera. The unidentified object seen over the southeast of England on the evening of Wednesday, July 31, 1963 was filmed by me at 7.15 p.m., 15 minutes after my first sighting of it. The colour film picked out only the highlights owing to the sun being low in the sky. I also observed the object through binoculars fitted with neutral filters which cut out all glare and I have made a sketch of the object as I saw it. The object was triangular with the centre cut away, forming twin booms with a flare at its widest part like a heat haze. The object

[Image caption: Mr. Spier's photograph.]

was directly overhead when photographed and remained in the same position for about five hours, shining after dark until obscured by clouds. It did not appear to be transparent at any time.— Mr. Spier, 71 Chestnut Avenue, Walderslade, Chatham, Kent.


- page 58 -

Southend - England
NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY

31 July 1963
Southend England

Southend UFO
From the Southend Standard:
A mystery object was seen over Southend early Wednesday evening at the neighbors' range. It was first noticed as a triangular apart as Thorpe Bay and Westcliff reported a triangular object travelling slowly to the northwest.

Mr. S. Acres, of Park Road, Southend. I would say I definitely isn't an aircraft - it looks like a kite. He told us:

Mr. F. Jupp, of Chestnut Road, Westcliff, also saw the object and Police such pointed out that the object in a patrol car saw.

The Police tried the Airport. Their verdict? Probably a meteorological balloon from Shoe-

Our verdict? Probably not.


- page 59 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)

SCOTLAND
Edinburgh Sighting

The Scottish Dad Mod on July
27 (published the following
account):

A day after a strange crater
was discovered in the Lammermuirs, a person in the way saw a
flying saucer high in the sky
above Edinburgh. Doctor's wife
Ruth Scott, of The Thicks, Ormiston, Midlothian, was in her car
when on Thursday with her 10-
year-old son Simon and a 16-
year-old Kenyan university
student, Ben Ochilete. Simon
spotted something in the sky,
then his mother and Mr. Ochilete
also saw it. They watched it for
about ten minutes.

At almost the same time, outside his home in Dockhart Drive,
Clermiston, Edinburgh, 14-year-old James Paton saw the object.
His sister Sheila, 12, and their
mother Mrs. Elizabeth Paton
also watched it. Both parties gave
almost identical descriptions.

Said Mrs. Scott: "It was flying very high, travelling south. I
could clearly see it was not an
aircraft. It was like two saucers
one on top of the other, and it
had a hump on top. It was dark
miderneath and had a greyishwhite top. It made no sound at
all and there was no exhaust."

July 1960
Scotland


- page 60 -

DATE
Aug
Aug
Aug
Aug

LOCATION
Plainview, New York
Easton, Massachusetts
Syracuse, New York
Morehead, Kentucky

OBSERVER
[Redacted]
[Redacted]
[Redacted]
[Redacted]

EVALUATION
INSUFFICIENT DATA
Astro (METEOR)
INSUFFICIENT DATA
Other (OBJECT ATTACHED TO
TEST AIRCRAFT)

2
3
4
4-5
5
5
5-6
5-7

Camp Springs, Virginia
Gagnon, Maine
Kubal, Afghanistan
Warren, New Hampshire
San Antonio, Texas
Melville AS, Labrador
West Haven, Connecticut
Akron, Ohio
Fairfield, Illinois
(Separate Folder)

Multiple
[Redacted]
Military
[Redacted]
[Redacted]
Military
[Redacted]
Multiple
[Redacted]

Astro (STAR/PLANET)
INSUFFICIENT DATA
Astro (METEOR)
Astro (METEOR)
BALLOON
BALLOON
AIRCRAFT
1. Astro (MOON)
2. Astro (JUPITER)
3. AIRCRAFT
1. Astro (METEOR)

7
7
7-8
8
8
9
9
10
10

Muskallonge Lake, Michigan
Cam Kaskaskana, P.O. Canada
Dayton, Ohio
Chicago, Illinois
Chicago, Illinois
Florida
Superior, Wisconsin
Muskallonge Lake, Michigan
Chicago, Illinois
Fairfield, Illinois
Nikiski, Alaska

[Redacted]
[Redacted]
[Redacted]
[Redacted]
[Redacted]
[Redacted]
[Redacted]
[Redacted]
[Redacted]
[Redacted]
[Redacted]

AIRCRAFT
AIRCRAFT
AIRCRAFT
AIRCRAFT
INSUFFICIENT DATA
Astro (PARSELIA)
BALLOON
AIRCRAFT
Other (MISINTERPRETATION
OF CONVENTIONAL OBJECT)
AIRCRAFT

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE
Aug
Aug
Aug
Aug
Aug
1
1
1
1
2
5
5
7
7
8-9

LOCATION
Universe
Middletown, N.Y.
Mexico, N.Y.
Wimbledon, England
Madawaska, Maine
Waterloo, N.Y.
Blacksburg, Va.
Walsall, England
London, England
Oxley, England
East Rutherford, N.J.
Mexico
Salem, Mass
Chicago, Ill
Edinburgh, Scotland
Hilston, England
Centralia, Ill
Mt. Vernon, N.Y.

SOURCE
Science News Ltr
News Clipping
(Ltr)
News Clipping
(Ltr)
News Clipping
"
"
"
"
"
"
"
"
"
"
"

EVALUATION
-


- page 61 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: It was a glowing orange color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
A very small portion. Hardly anything

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch, any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch of a diamond/rhombus shaped object with an arrow indicating spinning motion]


- page 62 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 200 M.P.H.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? A few hundred feet

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
Two inverted ice-cream cones


- page 63 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ONLY ONE.
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.


- page 64 -

