PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
20 March 1963

2. LOCATION
Opa Locka, Florida

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
GMT 20/21302

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
couple of minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
100 plus
many

9. COURSE
varied incl
stationary

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Lady walking along saw spots of light that were bigger and brighter than stars. Colors of red blue and green as well as metallic. Multiple objects. Colored ones widely spaced. Not birds or planes. Tried to contact newspapers, radio, Air Force, MX Bureau, and other possibly interested parties.

11. COMMENTS
Primary concern of witness was that no one seemed interested in her report. L/Gd Friend finally made contact by phone along w/Dr. Hynek on 15 April. Conclusion reached that witness had "spots before her eyes," a physiological function. Case considered closed. DOD initiated inquiry had been initiated.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other: Physiological
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown


- page 1 -

Log & Hold

April 23, 1963

Dear [redacted]

Reference your letter concerning an unidentified aerial object sighting, the Air Force has been unsuccessful in contacting you via telephone. It is recommended that you call collect Lt. Col. Robert Friend, Area Code 513, telephone 253-7111, extention 69216, at Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

Your assistance and interest is greatly appreciated.
Sincerely,

G. R. HART
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Opalocka, Florida

Memo for Record: Dr Hynek and Col Friend talked to [redacted]. As she was only interested in getting her report to the right individuals, and this was close the case. The conclusion was that Mrs. [redacted] had "spots before her eyes" not a physiological function.

Per Lgt. Moody -35 Apr 63.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

20 March 1963
Opa Locka, Florida
March 21, 1963

President Kennedy
Whitehouse
Washington D.C.

Dear Mr. President:

Yesterday at 4:30p.m. while walking home from my bus line I happened to glance at the sky and noticed several bright shining round objects overhead. At first I thought I was seeing stars but it is not possible. These were very big and brighten than any stars I had ever seen at night. I continued my walk and watching unaware and noticed they were moving. Then I stopped to be sure they were moving and they were. They could change their pace of movement, position and seemed to be able to become stationary. All this I saw well. I did seem to have some shining metallic appearance except a few, maybe five or more which were red, green and blue. The odd colored ones were widely spaced as though they were some sort of snow leader. I could not count them as there were too many but would estimate them well over one hundred in the group. One was lower than the rest and seemed to be because it was several times larger and seemed to have a slow round it as like a halo.

These objects were not birds, nor planes as we know them. I have seen the listen missile in flight several times in different stages and these did not have the same appearance. These were not colored, my block was well after last sighting them, they were completely out of sight. They were moving from west to east. This was in daylight the sun was shining and I could not have mistaken.

I called the Civil Herald two times, the Richmond radio station, the mother buzzery, and Lionel International Airport Control tower to report and see if they could help. Like I said the local night control tower. The control tower gave me a number to call at broadcast (long distance) for Unidentified Flying Objects, which I did but to no avail. No one seem the least bit concerned or interested. I searched the news morning for some help and someone else had reported these things. There was none, however there was a item about some jets breaking the sound barrier. The same afternoon in the general direction. The Civil Herald had told me of noises but no sighting. I do think not the general public had chased these objects and could not catch them because they were very fast.

Should I have reported these sightings or ignore them? I was utterly flustered at my efforts to find some one interested in the event. If they are not sure of their knowledge of them why weren't they interested? I believe we should know. If they do have knowledge of them are the whole matter should be discussed. I will either disclose here what I like. I should like to know what to do. I would not do this to deliberately mislead my own town or under any circumstances. Please have some one write to me. I do not wish any publicity on this, just help.

Very truly yours,


- page 3 -

