PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
5-5 Aug 63

2. LOCATION
Fairfield, Ill

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
X Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
civilian

6. PHOTOS
□ Yes
X No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1. 2-3 seconds
Varied 2. all night

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1. one
2. one 3. two

9. COURSE
varied

10. SUMMARY OR NARRATION
See case file of multiple sightings in Southern
Illinois area for this period. Three sightings.
Investigated. 1. Ronnie Austin sighting. 2.
Report of meteor by Deputy Sheriff and town
Marshall. 3. Chauncey Uphoff sighting.

11. COMMENTS
The Ronnie Austine case is attributed to
the Moon initially with transfer to
the Planet Jupiter. The Deputy Sheriff
and town Marshall observed a meteor.
Chauncey Uphoff observed a refueling
operation by elements of the 55 Bomb
Wing. Other sightings in the area were
not reported until subsequent to the
investigation and are known only
unofficially.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
X Was Aircraft Rule Operation
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft2 Moon
□ Was Astronomical2 Jupiter
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other:
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
X Unknown


- page 1 -

SUMMARY OF INVESTIGATION AT FAIRFIELD:

and were driving east on Illinois highway 15 at approximately 0500Z hours on 5 August 1963. At this time Mr. noticed a bright object at approximately 40 degrees elevation to the right of his automobile. Observers were traveling in a valley of the road and approximately 30 yards from the Bluford Transformer Sub-Station. Object was next observed at an elevation of 15 degrees while observers were near a Micro-Wave transmitting station. Object now appeared to change course from the right to the left of the car. While observers were still traveling east on highway 15, object appeared in the east at an elevation of approximately 15 degrees. Observers changed direction and were traveling north, the object appearing in the east at an elevation of 30 degrees.

When Mr. arrived at Miss home he went inside and stayed for about 15 minutes. From Miss house, the object appeared in the east at an elevation of 15 degrees. On his way home, Mr. "floor-boarded" the accelerator and drove as fast as his car would go. During this time, the car sputtered and the radio started to crackle and stop playing. Almost immediately after it had begun to sputter, the car ran normally again and the radio ceased to crackle. The car was at this time being driven at its maximum speed on a gravel road. Upon reaching home, Mr. immediately informed his father of the phenomena he had seen. The object seemed to hover over some trees which were about two hundred yards from the house. At this time the lights in the house were


- page 2 -

11 - 31 AUGUST 1963 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                   OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

11      Valparaiso, Chile           [Redacted]                AIRCRAFT
11      Warresville, Illinois       [Redacted]                UNIDENTIFIED (SALT CRYSTALS)
12      Cleveland, Ohio             [Redacted]                AIRCRAFT
12      Warner, New Hampshire       [Redacted]                Astro (ARCTURUS)
12      Warner, New Hampshire       [Redacted]                AIRCRAFT
13      Seattle, Washington         [Redacted]                Other (GRASS FLY EGGS)
13      Borger, Texas               [Redacted]                Astro (JUPITER)
13      Smithland, Iowa             [Redacted]                UNIDENTIFIED
13-14   St. Gallen, Switzerland     [Redacted]                AIRCRAFT
14      Niles, Illinois             [Redacted]                INSUFFICIENT DATA
15      Miami, Florida              [Redacted]                AIRCRAFT
15      USN 175 (Pacific)           Military (PHYSICAL SPEC)  INSUFFICIENT DATA
20      Auburn, Maine               [Redacted]                Other (CHAFF)
20      Turner & Ord River, Australia [Redacted]              Other (SATELLITE DECAY)
20      Elko, Nevada                [Redacted]                SATELLITE
20-22   Rome, Italy                 [Redacted]                INSUFFICIENT DATA
21      LL.45N 170.20 (Pacific)     Military                  Astro (METEOR)
23      35.20N 5.15W (Atlantic)     Military                  SATELLITE
25                                  Military                  INSUFFICIENT DATA
26      Dayton, Ohio                Civilian                  Astro (CAPELLA)
26      Saigon Point, Philippines   [Redacted]                BALLOONS
29      Chicago, Illinois           [Redacted]                SATELLITE
30      Vandalia, Ohio              [Redacted]                AIRCRAFT
31      Dayton, Ohio                [Redacted]                AIRCRAFT

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                   SOURCE                     EVALUATION

Jul & Aug   United States           News Clipping             [Blank]
12          England                 "                         "
13          Bourbonnais, Illinois   "                         "
13          Lodi - Hackensack, N.J. "                         "
15          Gloucester, England     "                         "
16          Bluford & Mt. Vernon, Ill. "                      "
16-17       Akron, Ohio             "                         "
17          Baltimore, Maryland     "                         "
18          Ft. Meir, Maine         "                         "
23          Llanelli, Wales         "                         "
24          Parma, Ohio             "                         "
26          Tavistock, England      "                         "
29          Kent, England           "                         "
29          Madras, California      "                         "


- page 3 -

extinguished and the Deputy Sheriff of Fairfield, Illinois was
notified. During the excitement, momentarily blacked
out and was given a sedative to calm his nerves.

Deputy Sheriff Harry Lee of Wayne County, Marshall George
Sexton of Wayne City and State Trooper Richard Gidcumb went to
the farm to witness the phenomena. The area approaching
and surrounding the farm is densely vegetated, and on the
night the phenomena was observed a slight haze hung over the area.

The three law enforcement officers observed the object for a
period of time and Marshall Sexton concluded that the object was
the "evening star." The officers observed the object for about
a half an hour and then left. and two of his
friends and watched the object until
day break. The object disappeared with the coming of daylight.
When the object disappeared, it was at an elevation of 45 degrees
and an azimuth of 215 degrees.

Returning to their home station, Marshall Sexton and State
Trooper Gidcumb observed an object which appeared to be moving
from west to east. The object appeared as a red light with
exhaust flames and/or fiery streaks. The object disappeared after
approximately four seconds.

On the evening of 7 August 1963 at approximately 0250Z hours,
Mr. and Mrs. observed a bright diamond
shaped object in the sky. The object appeared at times to be
shaped like a diamond with a tail. The object first appeared in
the south and traveled towards the east. Object traversed approxi-


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

nately 50 degrees of the sky in 15 minutes. The object then
appeared as two objects and one object traveled from the south-
east to the northwest while the other object made a "U" turn and
disappeared.

Conclusions

It is the Air Force's opinion that Mr. [redacted] first
saw the moon through a slight haze while driving in the valley or
the road by the Bluford Transformer Sub-Station. [redacted] contin-
ued to see the moon at the top of the valley near the Micro-Wave
station; however, at this time his attention was diverted to the left
of his car and he focused his attention on Jupiter. He continued
to see Jupiter for the rest of the evening. Marshall Sexton's con-
clusion that what Mr. [redacted] saw was the "evening star" was in fact
Jupiter.

The sighting reported by Marshall Sexton and State Trooper
Gilcomb was a meteor of the fireball class.

The sighting reported by Mr. [redacted] and Mr. [redacted] was an
air-to-air refueling operation which took place in the immediate
vicinity of Fairfield, Illinois.


- page 5 -

November 16, 1963 A.D.

Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
UFOL Laboratories
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen:

I am writing this letter for two reasons, to give and to receive information. I would like to report on an event of a week or so ago, and also to inquire about two investigations that you are making or have made in Wayne County Illinois.

I was driving south on Route 185, 2 miles Northwest of St. Peter, Illinois. At approximately 1:20 AM, Saturday November 2, 1963 A.D., through my windshield, I observed an object fall from the sky. I noted that it did not have a tail, so I assumed it was falling objects. It had a yellowish-orange dull non-glittering glow that progressively got brighter as it approached the ground. At this moment it almost became a glitter of yellowish-white and went out. This whole sequence lasted about 3 seconds or so. It then appeared in a horizontal plane, slightly inclined, and I assumed the characteristic curve of a projectile falling from a focus directed to a frame-fall. Since the road is quite curved at that point, and the compass in my car is unreliable I cannot say exactly what direction it came from, except that it would be from 145° W to 150° SW.

I would say the object obtained a characteristic glow of ceramic and other organic compound, illustrating that it was of earth origin because of our present limited knowledge of organic compounds and their thermal control characteristics.

So much for my observation. Now I would like to know some things about the August 14, 1963, sightings in the Fairfield area. I will dismiss most points of the investigation because of its characteristic pattern and because I have most of the other information. I note for that I am doing. [However,] you seem to have done such a good job of arriving in Wayne County that I would like to possess an over-active imagination that I find it useless even to attempt to talk or obtain information from him.

He stated, "I had my radio tuned on WLS...then that thing crossed over my car the radio went crazy...it made all kinds of sounds..." I want to know what those sounds were or appeared to be. For example, did these sounds appear to be somewhat like crickets to him? And an electric drill to his girl? Or were they later defined as mechanical, slowly pulsating bursts of severe interference with other radio stations? Did either his girl or he later define after-effects such as guiding instinct for a day or so afterwards?


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-

Finally, I would like to ask about the object turned over to
Planning Officer William McPherson on my R.A. _______ on or about
October 31, 1963.

a) What does the object appear to be now?
b) What does the object appear to have been made of before re-entry?
c) Have you bisected the object?
d) What was the interior made of?
e) Were any gold present?
f) Were there any remains of residuous compounds inside?
g) Were any calcium and/or silicon compounds present?
h) What is its specific gravity?
i) Does it have any characteristic symmetrical markings and/or
is there any form of patterns on the exterior or in the interior layers?
and if so j) what is this pattern (graphically illustrated) ??
k) You found more radioactive count on the exterior than the
interior, right?

This paragraph is my standard "Form" paragraph I always insert
when writing the Governments of the Earth:
You help is expected. Since I Go pay my "fair share" and
since I see nothing in any of my questions that would seriously
damage the safety and security of the United States, I will
expect an answer in full with as few as possible of 1) uncommittal
statements 2) misinforming conclusions 3) press or b) nonexclusive
of a) politically sponsored guiding committee form letters
publicly directed c) form letters from other nonsense groups, and
d) exclusively prepared. If however, you feel that this material should
not be spread around; mainly I suppose to protect from civil disorder
of typically psychic citizenry, I'll be happy to guarantee your
confidence.

My sincere thanks for being of assistance to me. (I-H O P E)

Very truly yours,
YMCA Hotel
Decatur, Illinois 6 25 23

cel
cc for UFO file


- page 7 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDSW                                                                   2 DEC 1963
SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO: Hq USAF SAF-OIPR
     Wash 25 D C

1. Reference the attached letter dated 16 Nov 63, requesting information on unidentified flying objects.

2. Sighting was undoubtedly a meteor. The meteors without tails are quite common. Also, the colors are consistent with a meteor sighting as is the duration of three seconds. Satellite decays are ruled out for the following obvious reasons:

a. All satellite decays have an Easterly component, i.e., Northeast or Southeast.

b. Decay is characterized by a breaking up of the object and colors tend to be red or orange.

c. The duration is much greater than a meteor sighting, for example Sputnik IV lasted in excess of two minutes. The Tiros decay of 1960 was observed from Florida to Maine and lasted in excess of four minutes.

3. A case summary of the 4 Aug 1963 sighting in Fairfield, Illinois is attached. It should answer most of the questions raised by Mr

a. At no time did the Air Force attempt to convince that he had an overactive imagination. In fact, he was not informed of our evaluation of the sighting. However, it is difficult to explain how able to observe certain events and/or objects while his passenger did not see them.

b. There are many reasons for static on a car radio, for example, aircraft flyings overhead or driving under or parallel to electric power lines. No association was established between the UFO and static in radio.

c. The Air Force has no information regarding a "guiding instinct" in relation to this case.


- page 8 -

4. The object, found in the creek bed by Mr [illegible] was turned over to the officials from Scott AFB. At this time it was determined that it was not radioactive. Specific answers to questions in paragraph 4 of his letter are as follows:

a. The object is a rock.
b. It has never been in outer space.
c. Yes, we have bisected the object.
d. The interior is made of silicon compounds.
e. No gold was present.
f. There were no remains of resinous compounds inside.
g. Yes, there were calcium and silicon compounds present.
h. No test was made to determine its specific gravity.
i. The exterior layer is iron pyrite, the interior or center is composed of CaCO3 + 2% FE.
j. No answer.
k. The object was not radioactive.

5. Nothing in this letter is considered classified.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of a Colonel, USAF]
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

2 Atchs
1. dtd 16 Nov 63.
2. Summary, Fairfield,
Illinois case,
5 - 7 Aug 1963

2


- page 9 -

Case 264.1963
Sytere, Illinois

December 6, 1963

Dear [redacted]

Referring to your letter of November 15, 1963, and in particular to your plea for brevity, etc., we submit the following information:

Your sighting was undoubtedly a meteor. Meteors without tail are quite common. Also, the colors are consistent with a meteor sighting. As in this duration the chances reach a certain level, the following obvious reasons:

a. All satellite decays have an easterly component.

b. Decay is characterized by a breaking up of the object and colors tend to be a red or orange.

c. Duration of satellite decay is much greater than meteor sighting. For example, Sputnik IV lasted in excess of two minutes. This Fireball decay was observed from Florida to Maine and lasted in excess of four minutes.

A case summary of the August 4, 1963 sighting at Fairfield Hill is attached. At no time did the Air Force attempt to continue contact. He has had our evaluation of our imagination. In fact, he was not informed of our evaluation. However, he was able to observe certain events and for this reason was able to pass along his passenger, Mrs. [redacted].

There are many reasons for static on a car radio. For example, atmospheric conditions, overhead or driving under or parallel to electric power lines are the causes. No excessive transmission was made between UFO and static in the radio.

The Air Force has no information regarding a "guiding" incident in this case.


- page 10 -

The object found in the creek bed by Mr. [redacted] was turned over to the officials by Capt. [redacted] Air Force Base. At this time it was determined that it was not radioactive. In response to a query of this fact, specific answers to questions in paragraph 4 of your letter are as follows:

a. The object is a rock.
b. It has never been in outer space.
c. Yes, we have bisected the object.
d. The interior is made of silicon compounds.
e. No gold was present.
f. There were no remains of noxious compounds inside.
g. Yes, there were calcium and silicon compounds present.
h. No test was made to determine its specific gravity.
i. The exterior layer is iron pyrites, the interior center is composed of CaCO3 + 2% Fe.
j. No answer.
k. The object was not radioactive.

Nothing in this letter is considered classified.

Sincerely,
WINSTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

NASA Hdqtl
Decatur, Illinois 62523


- page 11 -

December 13, 1963 AD.

Department of the Air Force
Office of the Secretary
United States Air Force
Mason M. Jacks
Public Information Division
Office of Information

My sincerest congratulations on the reply to my recent inquiry. Although it is inadequate and represents a somewhat conventional view as seen through the eyes of experienced militarists, it is nevertheless a real and very thorough reply to my questions.

Yours help is really appreciated. I apologize for my arrogant attitude in my impartive, but I believe some points to be worth taking to move closer to the personality.

I should like to add that there is just too much similarity involved to merit your interpretation. However, I will continue to scrap together bits and pieces for my own problem. I was really taken for a "Lucy", which makes me think that it resulted from a natural occurrence.

Sincerely yours,

[Address redacted]
Decatur, Illinois 6 25 23

oek


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Light Chases Youths

Ronnie Austin, 18, and his companion, Phyllis Bruce, also 18, had the adventure of their lives shortly after midnight on the morning of 5 August when a huge glowing object chased their car at high speed along a highway in southern Illinois.

The sighting may have been the first of a series in the area, or its publication may have occasioned the reporting of other coincidental sightings. At any rate, the following is a description of what happened:

The couple had attended a movie "The Great Escape" at a drive-in theater in Wayne, near Mt. Vernon, about 13 miles of Fairfield. At approximately 11:30 p.m. they were driving along Illinois 15 near the Mt. Vernon airport when Ronnie leaned over to speak to Phyllis and spotted a round ball of bright white light at treetop level, at an elevation of approximately 20 degrees. He called it to the attention of the Bruce girl and they watched it, shortly realizing that it apparently was keeping pace with their car. Austin began to check this, slowing and speeding up, and the object alternatively remained stationary at a given point, although at a distance, and then, increasing in apparent size, then retreated, and jumping up ahead to hover over an electronic relay tower. All this time it was south of the observers.

Shortly after hovering over the tower, the object hurtled to the north and ahead or east of their car. It stayed ahead and to their left until Austin turned north on Obersville Road toward the Bruce home. The light was then on their right and east of them. It stayed in that relative position and the couple watched it for about 15 minutes from the Bruce home. Then Austin left the car to get a better view on the gravel road. The light, which had hovered southeast of the Bruce home, during the period that they observed it there, suddenly shot diagonally ahead of Austin's car, coming to a stop east of his route, north, so that when he turned north again toward his home, the light was to his right.

During this episode, Austin and the Bruce girl claimed to have been riding at speeds up to 120 miles an hour. After turning east at the crossroads at high speed, it was pointed out that it was then that his car radio, which he had tuned in, went static and that he felt as if he had entered an extremely cool area. The light then made another pass over the car and went back to its position over a barn where it hovered, still orange in color, but somewhat duller in tone than it had been when it speeded up.

Austin, by then very frightened, turned north at the intersection and headed for home. For a distance of about three miles the object kept pacing him to his right and rear. After he made the final turn to the west to get to his parents' farm home, the light cut across the road in front of him and disappeared from his view.

When he turned into his front yard, the object appeared to hover stationary over a farm house about 250 yards east of the Austin home.

It is at this time that things in this narrative become rather uncertain. Austin went inside his house, and with this father, mother and sister, watched the object from the windows. It was 12:35 a.m. Ronnie's father decided to call Jefferson County authorities and have them notify the Air Force Installation about 75 miles away.

Jefferson County authorities sent Deputy State Trooper Harry Lee, who arrived at 1:10 a.m. after State Trooper Richard Gidcumb and George Sexton, Village Marshal of Wayne City had arrived at about 12:45.

The object had been visible on radars. Mr. and Mrs. Dwight Withrow of the area, neighbors of the Austins, were also called and they observed the light from their home.

During this interim, the family doctor was consulted by telephone as Ronnie was obviously a very frightened young man. He was given a sedative which the Austins had on hand in the house. As the party of observers watched, the light slowly ascended higher into the sky and toward the south and by the time Lee arrived at 1:10 it appeared to be just an extremely bright star in the southeastern sky where it remained until it faded out of sight with the coming of dawn.

According to interviews and clippings marshaled by APRO forces in the area, Gidcumb and Marshall Sexton believed the boy had seen something strange, but they were not prepared to state that their arrival was nothing but the "Eastern Star"—which at that time of the year would have been Jupiter.

However, Javier Jones not stay in the southeast and fade with the dawn—it proceeds across the sky in the west.

Lee would not commit himself except to say that when he arrived the light appeared only as a large, white star moving slowly south and ascending.

Later, when Air Force Intelligence units and consulting astrophysicist J. Allen Hynek arrived in Wayne County to question witnesses, the Austin incident was explained away, as were the ensuing sightings. We will list the particulars in the most prominent of these, and follow them with the conclusion of the authorities concerning their explanation.

On August 7 residents east and west of Fairfield observed two bright lights. One was kite-shaped with a comet-like tail. Both lights were part of a night a/c refueling operation.

A strange light "bigger than a star" seen flying high north of a camp ground in the area was reported in the north. It could have been Jupiter. Date: Aug. 7.

Mr. and Mrs. Bill Short reported seeing a "phosphorescence" object at 9 p.m., same date. Object circular, brilliant, with four lighted projections. Mrs. Short heard a jet plane go by but no other sound. No evaluation of this one by officials either.

On August 8 Mr. and Mrs. Leslie Mason of Fairfield saw a cross-shaped object "early" in the morning. It was speeding toward the northwest. At 10:20 same date, Alderman W. Scott Lawrence of Mt. Vernon saw a bright light traveling northwest. Also seen by Robert Lynch.

A Memorial Hospital employee and her husband were followed by a strange light at 11 p.m. while driving. The light, bright while, was low enough to cast a shadow, according to the observers.

Blueford resident saw a white, oval-shaped object which looked rounded on top, flat on the bottom and with lighter "fingers" extending from it.

Back to August 7—Mr. and Mrs. Perry Pladgett saw a strange light like "the sun with lights projecting from it" while driving home from Cisne at 9 p.m. "A large ball of brilliant light," it moved from the east, was over their car when they got home, then it disappeared.

Circuit Court Clerk James Wilson and his wife saw a "cross with a tail" in the sky.

Butch Musgrave of (Brame) saw a bright object 4 to times the size of a star, going east to west, very fast, at 9 p.m. Moving in a zigzag area.

Also at Boyleston, this date, 7 or 8 others, including Raymond L. Owen at dusk saw a big, bright light "as big as a desk," going from west to east at high (See Youths—Page 4)


- page 13 -

UFO SIGHTING
FAIRFIELD, ILLINOIS
5 - 7 August 1963

On 6 August 1963 information was received at Wright-Patterson AFB that an Unidentified Flying Object had been observed in Fairfield, Illinois. The information was essentially that carried over the news circuits.

[Partially redacted text] and his girl friend, had been to a Drive-In-Movie. Coming home they were chased by a flying saucer as big as an auto, which at times passed in front of them, along side, and at times trailing the car. After talking it over at home, then proceeded to his home while the Saucer continued it's attack. By this time he was in a state of shock and was given sedatives on the advice of the family doctor. The parents called Harry Lee, the Deputy Sheriff of Fairfield, Illinois, and he proceeded to the farmhouse with Marshall of Wayne County, to observe the object which was now 'besieging' the farmhouse. Upon arrival the object was identified as the 'evening star' (Jupiter). Two youths watched the object from the farmhouse until it disappeared with the coming of dawn.

Scott AFB was contacted and requested to investigate the sighting under AFR 200-2.

Information received from Scott AFB confirmed that the object besieging the farmhouse was indeed Jupiter. However, since the story was attracting national interest through the news media, and additional sightings were being reported in the area, an investigation team from Wright-Patterson AFB conducted an additional field investigation.

The following information is extracted from this report:

[Partially redacted text] were driving east on Illinois highway 15 at approximately 0500Z hours on 5 August 1963. At this time noticed a bright object at approximately 40 degrees elevation to the right of his automobile. Observers were traveling in a valley of the road and approximately 30 yards from the Bluford Transformer Sub-Station. Object was next observed at an elevation of 15 degrees while observers were near a Micro-Wave transmitting station. Object now appeared to change course from the right to the left of the car. Mile observers were still travelling east on highway 15, object appeared in the east at an elevation of approximately 15 degrees. Observers changed direction and were traveling north, the object appearing in the east at an elevation of 30 degrees.

When [redacted] arrived at [redacted] home he went inside and stayed for about 15 minutes. From [redacted] house, the object appeared in the east at an elevation of 15 degrees. On his way home [redacted] floor-boarded the accelerator and drove as fast as his car could go. During

15


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

this time, the car sputtered and the radio started to crackle and stopped playing. Almost immediately after it had begun to sputter, the car ran normally again and the radio ceased to crackle. The car was at this time being driven at its maximum speed on a gravel road.

Immediately informed his father of the phenomena he had seen.

The object seemed to hover over some trees which were about two hundred yards from the house. At this time the lights in the house were extinguished and the Deputy Sheriff of Fairfield, Illinois was notified. During the excitement, Ronnie Austin momentarily blacked out and was given a sedative to calm his nerves.

Deputy Sheriff Harry Lee of Wayne County, Marshall George Sexton of Wayne City and State Trooper Richard Gidcumb went to the Austin farm to witness the phenomena. The area approaching and surrounding the farm is densely vegetated, and on the night the phenomenon was observed a slight haze hung over the area. The three law enforcement officers observed the object for a period of time and Marshall Sexton concluded that the object was the 'evening star'. The officers observed the object for about a half an hour and then left.

Watched the object until day break. The object disappeared with the coming of daylight. When the object disappeared, it was at an elevation of 15 degrees and an azimuth of 215 degrees.

Returning to their home station, [redacted] and State Trooper observed an object which appeared to be moving from west to east. The object appeared as a red light with exhaust flames and/or fiery streaks. The object disappeared after approximately four seconds.

On the evening of 7 August 1963 at approximately 0250 hours, [redacted] observed a bright diamond shaped object in the sky. The object appeared at times to be shaped like a diamond with a tail. The object first appeared in the south and traveled towards the east. Object traversed approximately 50 degrees of the sky in 15 minutes. The object then appeared as two objects and one object traveled from the southeast to the northwest while the other object made a 'U' turn and disappeared.

Subsequent to the field investigation additional confirmation of suspected a/c in the vicinity was needed. Indianapolis Center was contacted for flights to the West. St. Louis center was contacted for low altitude flights and Kansas City for high altitude cross over from Indianapolis. This information was requested to determine the suspected a/c. Eastern Air Lines flight 565 over Evansville at 0213, over Centralia at 0227. These were the only jet a/c at upper altitudes being carried at the time. A call was made to Little Rock Arkansas (Controller for Sandy Spot Refueling Area). Information received revealed that the 555W was using the area on the night of the 6,7,9,13,14,16 from 0200-0500Z. It was determined that the Uphoff sighting was a misinterpretation of the jets refueling.

Call made to Ft Campbell, KY. PFC Lattimore (Operations) checked records to assure that restricted area was not in use. Call to Ft Campbell, KY revealed that the base is no longer in use. This ruled out possibility of munitions or

16


- page 15 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[Top Left]
T

[Left Side]
18
Oct 1952

7.8 - 8:50
Dat 1/50

7.8-
1.50

[Right Side - Most text is illegible or partially obscured]
Some text appears to be handwritten notes, but the majority is too faint or blurry to confidently transcribe.


- page 16 -

The text in the image is largely illegible due to the poor quality of the scan and the handwritten nature of the document. Some partially readable text includes:

Top right corner:
August 1963
72.043 HQ
72,379 Fairfax
800 (partially legible)

Some numbers and partial words are visible throughout the document, but most of the text is too blurry or faint to read with certainty. There are two circled numbers (0 and 1) at the bottom of the page.

The document appears to be a handwritten report or log with multiple columns and various annotations, but the specific details cannot be confidently transcribed.


- page 17 -

flares being the cause of the sighting of [redacted] and left
the remaining possibility of their sighting as a meteor.

None of the other reported sightings were investigated.

The following points were considered to be the most pertinent in evaluation of
the [redacted] and [redacted] proportion of the Fairfield sightings: (a) The exact route that
the [redacted] and [redacted] took was retraced at a corresponding time. The moon was in
the position of the UFO at the time of the initial sighting. Subsequent observation revealed that Jupiter was always in the reported position of the object.

(b) The turning of the road accounts for the alleged changes in position of the
object. (c) At no time did anyone else observe the object as described by
Marshall Sexton identified the object as the Evening Star. (e) Two youths continued to watch the object for the remainder of the night, the object always being
in the position of Jupiter and disappearing with dawn.

It is concluded that [redacted] first saw the moon through a slight haze
while driving in the valley of the road by the Bluford Transformer Sub-Station.
[redacted] continued to see the moon at the top of the valley near the Micro-Wave
Station; however, at this time his attention was diverted to the left of his car
and he focused his attention on Jupiter. He concluded that the [redacted] for the
rest of the evening. [redacted] was correct. Conclusion that what [redacted] saw was the
"evening star".

The sighting reported by [redacted] and State Trooper [redacted] was a meteor
of the fireball class.

The sighting reported by [redacted] and [redacted] was an air-to-air refueling
operation which took place over southern Illinois.

17


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

[4 aug 63]

Weather: Clear Night, not to hot
2:15° 1st Sighting for elevation (Bearing Subtend)
Object 40° (North or East)                (Azimuth 067)
                                           (Bearing Subtend)
                                           Transformer

a) By the Side of the Tower it changed course
and work we (left side of the) elevation
10-15°

b) Elevation 30°(NE) (Cemetery)

c) Elevation 30°(NE) North & Intersection

d) Elevation 30°(NE)

e) Elevation 15°(NE) -----

f) Elevation 30°(S.W.) -----


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

a) elevation: 30° (est.)

a) elevation: 40° (with a disappearing X view now gone)
    215-220°   6'
    just after Day light

(Willys Marshall)
Red Light lines an exhaust flame
Direction towards the EAST

State Trooper
Sand Shooting Star West to exact   For 3-4 Secs
9an the Evening Star             From 3-4 Secs
[no scale Re-entry]

2285


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

To Excellent Blue Jacket

Note Like a diamond with a tail

Operation Started at 20:30 [three small circles at times]

About 10 MINUTES FOR LINE SWING

Preparation to Complete in 15 [complete operation time about 15 minutes]

Sun 1° South to East. Elevation

About 5° below - to the right of airway

The objects at end of operation

130° - 127°

Flying S.E. & N.W.

One object does a "U" turn

[There is also a handwritten notation at the bottom of the page: 13 o]


- page 21 -

The image contains three road maps:

Top Left: Indianapolis, Indiana map
Top Right: Fort Wayne, Indiana map
Bottom: Chicago and surrounding areas map (including Lake Michigan)

Each map has a Sunoco logo and appears to be from a road atlas or travel guide. The bottom map includes text "Be Careful! The life you..." which seems to be part of a safety slogan.

The maps show various cities, roads, and county boundaries in Indiana and Illinois. The maps are black and white and appear to be from an older era, likely the 1960s based on the filename context.


- page 22 -

The image appears to be a detailed map of what seems to be an area in Illinois, with a long list of text/names/numbers on the left side of the page. The map shows numerous county or township boundaries, roads, and several cities/towns including Kankakee, Lafayette, Danville, and Crawfordsville. The text on the left side appears to be a list with multiple columns of names and corresponding numbers, but due to the small size and resolution, I cannot confidently transcribe the specific text without risking inaccuracy.


- page 23 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

PAGE 4                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


- page 24 -

The image appears to be a map of a region in Illinois, showing various counties, cities, and roads. The map includes cities such as Danville, Georgetown, Terre Haute, and Paris. There is a long list of text on the left side of the image, which appears to be a list of dates or other information, but the text is too small and blurry to read clearly. The map is in black and white and shows county boundaries, road networks, and city locations.


- page 25 -

The image appears to be a detailed map of what seems to be a region in Illinois, with numerous county boundaries, roads, and towns marked. On the left side of the image is a long list of dates, which appears to be some kind of log or record. The map shows various towns such as Robinson, Bridgeport, and Mt. Carmel, with a complex network of roads and county lines. The map is in black and white and appears to be from an official document or report.

The text on the left side of the image is a list of dates, but due to the image resolution, I cannot confidently transcribe all of the text. The dates seem to range from what looks like August to other months, but the specific years and full details are not clearly legible.


- page 26 -

The image appears to be a map of a region, likely in Illinois, with numerous county and city names visible. On the left side of the image is a long list of text that appears to be dates or other reference information, but the text is too small and blurry to read clearly. The map shows roads, county boundaries, and cities such as Evansville, Henderson, and Owensboro. At the bottom of the map is a scale showing distances from 0 to 4 units (likely miles).


- page 27 -

Text found in the image:

Top Left Map:
HAMMOND, GARY
INDIANA
EAST CHICAGO
Lake Michigan

Top Right Map:
EVANSVILLE
INDIANA

Bottom Map:
Some text visible includes:
NILES
MICHIGAN
CHICAGO

At the bottom of the page, there is a partial text line that says:
"some may be your own!"

The image contains three maps of different regions in Indiana and surrounding areas, with road networks and city locations marked. The maps appear to be from a Sunoco road map series, as indicated by the Sunoco logo on two of the maps.


- page 28 -

The image appears to be a road map or highway map, showing a grid of roads and intersections. While many location names are visible, they are too small and blurry to read clearly. The map seems to cover a large geographic area with multiple intersecting highways and roads, with several central hub points where multiple roads converge. The map is in black and white and appears to be from an older era, likely the 1960s based on the filename.


- page 29 -

The image appears to be a detailed road map, showing an intricate network of roads and highways with numerous intersections and connections. The map is in black and white, with thin black lines representing roads and small text indicating various locations and towns. The roads radiate out from central points, creating a web-like pattern across the entire map. Due to the density of the map, individual location names are difficult to read clearly without zooming in.


- page 30 -

This image is a highway map of Indiana from the SUNOCO (Sun Oil Company) series. The map shows county boundaries, cities, towns, and highway routes across the entire state. Key features include:

Title: "Highway Map of INDIANA"

Cities visible include:
- Louisville
- Cincinnati
- Indianapolis (central area)

The map includes a legend with:
- Highway Markers
- Mileage information
- Road Surfacing types
- Populations of Cities and Towns

The map appears to be black and white and shows intricate details of roads, county lines, and transportation networks across Indiana.


- page 31 -

This image is a Sunoco Highway Map of Indiana. The map shows various roads, highways, cities, and towns across the state, with Louisville (which is actually in Kentucky) visible near the southern border. The map includes:

- Road surfacing legend
- Highway markers
- Populations of cities and towns
- Map symbols
- A scale and additional information about the state

The map is detailed with county boundaries, road types (marked with different line styles), and includes information about road conditions and distances. At the bottom right, there are details about the "Hoosier State" including capital, largest city, and other state information.

The map appears to be from an older era, likely from the 1950s or 1960s, based on its style and printing technique.


- page 32 -

Here is the text I can extract from the image:

SUNOCO
Highway Map of
ILLINOIS

Highway Markers
Mileages

Map Symbols

Road Surfacing

Populations of Cities and Towns
[Various population categories listed, but text is too small to clearly read]

The image is a detailed highway map of Illinois published by Sunoco, showing county boundaries, cities, towns, and road networks across the state.


- page 33 -

The image appears to be a detailed road map of Illinois, with county boundaries, cities, and road networks clearly marked. At the bottom left of the map, there is a small caption that reads "The Prairie State".

The map shows major cities such as Springfield, Peoria, Burlington, Quincy, and others. The map is black and white and appears to be from an older era, likely from the 1960s based on the context provided.


- page 34 -

THIS IS NO MATS DCI 66 FILE
YOIG-3
SAFO1-3

THIS IS IN REPLY TO YOUR MCR FOR ANSWER TO QUERY RELATIVE
TO FAIRFIELD ILL UFO SIGHTING REPORT LG BY CAPT OSWALD 1403 AGW
WITH AFR 200 DASH 2 CAPT OSWALD 1403 AGW

AUGUST 4 WITNESS WAS -----WITNESS INDICATED THAT
HE WAS DRIVING HIS CAR WHEN HE LEANED OVER TO
SAY SOMETHING TO HIS GIRL FRIEND AND AT THAT TIME CAUGHT A
GLIMPSE OF WHAT WAS BEST DESCRIBED TO BE THE MOON. IT SHOULD
BE STATED THAT LIGHT FOG WAS BEGINNING TO FORM IN
THE AREA. HE SAY GLIMPSE WAS 3 TO 4 SECONDS HE WAS PROBABLY
MORE CONCERNED WITH THE SAFETY AND OPERATION OF THE VEHICLE.

THE MOON WAS ALSO THE CAUSE OF THE SIGHTING AT THE GIRLS HOUSE
OR INDICATED THAT THE OBJECT FOLLOWED HIM HOME THAT THE
MARSHALL AND A STATE TROOPER WERE SUMMONED. THE MARSHALL
SIGHTED THE OBJECT AND CORROBORATED THAT HE THOUGHT
IT WAS THE EVENING STAR. THE AIR FORCE DID NOT HAVE TO
COME UP WITH A UNIQUE EXPLANATION ON THIS CASE ONLY TO
AFFIRM WHAT THE MARSHALL HAD SAID. THE OBJECT WAS JUPITER.

JUPITER WAS LOW ON THE HORIZON IS THE EAST AND MORE THAN
FIVE TIMES AS BRIGHT AS ANYTHING BLUE IN THE AREA BECAUSE
OF ITS DISTANCE AND BRIGHTNESS. A WITNESS IT WOULD APPEAR TO
FOLLOW THE OBJECT FOLLOWED THE EXACT PATH OF JUPITER. IT
DISAPPEARED LAST WHICH WOULD APPEAR TO HAPPEN BECAUSE
AND STILL BE VISIBLE AS BRIGHT OBJECT IN COLOR.
OTHER THAN BLUE IS RED ORANGE GREEN.

THE W THE STATE TROOPER UPON LEAVING THE YOUTHS HOME SIGHTED
A SIMILAR EVENING CELESTIAL ATMOSPHERE PAR TO THE SOUTH.
THIS IS RARE OCCURRING ABOUT 350 TIMES A YEAR.

REGARDING A AUG 6TH SIGHTING:
THERE WAS A REPORT FROM 4 WITNESSES WHO SAID THAT HIS DOG HAS
RAISING A FUSS BIG. THIS UNKNOWN SEEN DETERMINED TO
BE A REFUELING OPERATION. THE RECEIVER PASSED OVERHEAD AND
THE TANKER CIRCLED AFTER BREAKOUT. THIS FOLLOWS THE PATH
OF OBJECT REPORTED BY WITNESS. ALSO THESE FREQUENCY OF
JET BOMBER NOISE WOULD PROBABLY ACCOUNT FOR THE DOGS BARKING.

THIS INFORMATION IS FROM THE AIR FORCE PUBLIC INFORMATION DIV
DSAF BASE OR REPORT OBTAINED FROM LT COL ROBERT FRIEND NS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB FOR
INCIDENTS.

THANK WE WILL PASS TO CAPT OSWALD OGN HERE OR GA.


- page 35 -

The image contains a map of "The Prairie State" (Illinois) with detailed road networks, county boundaries, and city locations. In the top left corner, there is a small information box with some statistical data about the state, but the text is too small and blurry to read clearly. The map shows various regions of Illinois, with a focus on the central and northeastern parts of the state, including the area around St. Louis and Chicago. The map is in black and white and appears to be from an older document or atlas.


- page 36 -

Here is the text I can read from the image:

ILLINOIS - IN
WITH CITY MAPS OF
CHICAGO · FORT WAYNE · EVA
INDIANAPOLIS · HAMMOND

WATCH FOR THIS SI

SUNOC

TOUR MAP

THIS TOUR-MAP IS FURN
FREE IN ORDER TO MAKE
TRIP EASY AND MORE ENJO

Sunoco Dealers carry maps of their o
and adjacent states, as well as a ma
of the Eastern United States.
You can obtain maps of other states
Sunoco Dealers are located as you ent
states. These are listed on the back co

The rest of the text is part of the map and is too small or blurry to read clearly. The image appears to be a Sunoco road map of Illinois with an advertisement for their tour maps.


- page 37 -

This image is a road map of Illinois, specifically focusing on the northeastern part of the state including Chicago and surrounding areas. The map is a Sunoco road map with a detailed grid of roads, cities, and counties. Key cities visible include:

- Chicago
- Waukegan
- Evanston
- Milwaukee (partially shown)

The map includes a compass rose, a list of cities and towns on the right side with what appear to be mileage or reference numbers, and a "Partial List of Cities and Towns" section at the bottom right. The map is black and white and appears to be from an older era, likely the 1960s based on the context provided.

The text at the top of the page reads "I save may be your own!"


- page 38 -

This image appears to be a detailed map of what seems to be a county or region in Illinois, showing numerous small townships, roads, and city/town names. Some of the visible city names include:

Champaign
Urbana
Decatur
Bloomington
Charleston
Mattoon
Clinton
Danville

The map is black and white and contains a grid-like layout of county or township boundaries, with roads and small circles indicating towns. On the right side of the map is a column of text that appears to be a list of names or references, but the text is too small to read clearly.

The map covers a significant portion of east-central Illinois, showing the interconnections between various small towns and rural areas.


- page 39 -

This image appears to be a detailed map of what seems to be a county or region in Illinois, showing numerous small townships, roads, and geographical boundaries. The map is black and white and includes a long list of text on the right side of the image, which appears to be a list of names or references, though the specific details are difficult to read clearly. The map shows many small subdivided areas with town and city names, with major roads or highways connecting them. Some visible city names include Mount Vernon, Fairfield, Princeton, and others. The map covers a large geographical area with a grid-like structure of county or township boundaries.


- page 40 -

The image appears to be a map of what seems to be an Illinois region, showing numerous county and city boundaries with roads and transportation routes. The map is detailed with many small towns and cities labeled. On the right side of the map is a long list of text that appears to be names or locations, though the text is too small to read clearly. At the bottom of the page is a partially obscured section with some text visible, including fragments of words like "SERVICES" and "ATION".

The map itself shows intricate road networks, with cities like Carbondale, Marion, Mount Vernon, and others clearly visible. The map appears to be black and white and looks like it could be from an official document or report.


- page 41 -

Here is the text from the document:

were many requests from the press and the sighting was attracting
limited interest. It was decided to complete the investigation
with personnel from Wright-Patterson.

Subsequent to the field investigation additional confirmation of
suspected a/c in the vicinity was needed. Indianapolis Center was
contacted for flights to the West. St. Louis center contacted for
low altitude flights and Kansas City for high altitude cross over
from Indianapolis. This information was requested to determine the
suspected a/c in St. Louis at 0151½. TWA 237 was enroute from
Evansville to St. Louis at 0151½, Eastern Airlines Flight 565 over
Evansville at 0213½, over Centralia at 0227½. These were the only
jet a/c at upper altitudes being carried at the time. A call was
made to Little Rock Arkansas (Controller for Sandy Spot Refining
Area, See attached chart.) Information received revealed that the
55½W was using the area on the night of the 6,7,9,13,14,15 from
02002-05002. It was determined that the Uphoff sighting was a mis-
interpretation of the jet's refueling.

Call made to Ft Campbell, Ky. PFC Lattimore (Operations) checked
records to assure that restricted area was not in use. Call to
Ft Campbell, Ky revealed that the base is no longer in use. This
ruled out possibility of mentions or flares being the cause of
the sighting of Harry Lee and Geo Sexton and left the remaining
possibility of their sighting as a meteor.

None of the other reported sightings were investigated.

The page is numbered "2" at the bottom.


- page 42 -

Title: USAF HIGH ALTITUDE REFUELING AREAS

Legend:
- High Altitude Refueling Area
- Entrance Refueling Station
- Exit Refueling Station
- Entrance/Exit Station

The image shows a map of the United States with various labeled refueling areas and stations, including locations like:
- HAPPY HOME (H)
- LONG SPRING
- FACE OFF
- KITTY CAT
- SNOW SHOW
- CRAZY MARY
- DRAGON TOOTH

The map includes numerous radio stations and coordinates for these refueling areas across different regions of the United States.


- page 43 -

Title: SAC HIGH ALTITUDE SUPERSONIC TRAINING AND FLIGHT TEST ROUTES

Legend:
- Test Routes (dashed lines)
- Training Routes
- Scrambling Cities
- Refueling Bocks Scoring Sites
- VOR
- VORTAC

Profile of a Typical B-58 Supersonic Dash:
- Supersonic Cruise: Mach 1.8
- Accelerate: Mach 2.0
- Decelerate: Subsonic Option
- 11 Mins 180 NM
- 18 Mins 240 NM

The map shows various flight routes across the United States, with cities and states labeled, and lines indicating training and test routes for SAC (Strategic Air Command) high-altitude supersonic aircraft.


- page 44 -

The following weather information
from the United States Weather Bureau
in Springfield, Illinois was received by
Nobody, FTD (TDBW).

These weather conditions were confined to the central portion of the state
as indicated by weather radar.

There was rain during the morning
and evening hours of August 5, 6, and 7.

5 Aug heavy thunder storms throughout area
1.20 to 2 inches rainfall
stable lapse rate
heavy moisture

6 Aug no rain during evening hours
stable lapse rate
light moisture

7 Aug rain during morning hours (8 to 9)


- page 45 -

FAIRFIELD, ILLINOIS                5 Aug - 8 Aug, 1963

INFORMATION OBTAINED AT WRIGHT PATTERSON:

On 5 August, 1963, we received a phone call from Dr Hynek requesting information on a sighting in Southern Illinois. At this time we had not received a report. Dr Hynek had been requested by the local news media (Chicago) for his evaluation of the sighting. The information received was essentially that carried over the news circuit.

With his girl friend, [redacted] had been to a drive-in-movie. Coming home she was chased by a flying saucer at big as an auto, which at times passed in front of him, behind him, and at times along side. After taking his [redacted] home, he proceeded to his own home while the saucer continued its attack. By this time he was in a state of shock and was given sedative on the advice of the family doctor. The parents of Ronnie called [redacted] (Phone 935-235), after sending George Sexton (Village Marshall of Wayne City), the object "beseiging" them was identified as the Planet Jupiter.

After observing the planet for about a half-hour the Deputy and the Marshall left. Two youths at the Austin House watched the object for the remainder of the night and it disappeared with dawn.

"Also, a [redacted] a radio operator in Fairfield, saw a 'cross' in the sky the same night."

"Three girls from Gary, Indiana also got into the act."

Upon receipt of the call from Dr Hynek, Col Harkness at Scott AFB was contacted. Scott is the nearest AFB and under AFB 200-2 Investigators from this base would normally make the investigation. (Scott AFB Extension 36208)(6-335).

This was reached by phone and his account of the sighting was essentially the same as that reported indirectly from Dr Hynek. George Sexton (Village Marshall of Wayne City) was contacted. He believed the object to be Jupiter. (05-335 Code 618) (05-235).

UK Bureau at Springfield, Illinois for UK data on the nights of 4-6 August. (552-084)) (76-335). Report stated that thunderstorms were in area throughout period. Heavy on the night of the 5th until 3 AM. (Report in case file). UK data ordered from Nashville N.C. (76-335).

Requested surface data and input if known site of sighting. (See case file). UK data ordered from Nashville N.C.

Call made to Scott on 7 August requesting results of initial investigation. Obtained information in the attached report. Object "beseiging" the farmhouse confirmed as Jupiter. No other information. Since there


- page 46 -

DATA PROCESSING DIVISION
CLIMATIC CENTER, USAF
Air Weather Service (MATS)
Asheville, North Carolina

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: C3272
SUBJECT: Surface and Upper Air Data for Mt. Vernon, Illinois Area     16 Aug 1963

TO: Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center/USAF
Foreign Data Division (Sgt. Moody)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Reference: Your telephone request 1415 CST 6 August 1963.

2. We are sending a copy of the surface observations (CMAT 10 form) reported on 6-7 Aug 63 at Vandalia, Illinois and Brownsville, Indiana. These stations are the closest to the Vernon, Illinois area. Hourly observations are from radio facsimile charts for radiosonde observations (CMAT 3140C) taken at Columbia, Missouri on 6-7 Aug 63. Columbia is the closest radiosonde station to Mt. Vernon.

3. To aid you in searching radiosonde stations for future requests of this nature, we are attaching a copy of the Washington reporting network in the U. S. effective 1 July 63.

SIGNED
RICHARD L. HOKE
And Lt., USAF
Administrative Officer

3 Atch:
1. Cpy Sfc Data
2. Cpy Radiosonde Data
3. Chart Rpt Network


- page 47 -

This appears to be a map or chart with numerous numerical annotations. The image contains a wavy black line running through the center of the document, with vertical and horizontal grid lines. There are many small numbers and markings scattered across the page, but due to the low resolution and image quality, many of the specific numbers and text are illegible. The document looks like it could be a meteorological, geographical, or scientific tracking chart of some kind.


- page 48 -

This appears to be a complex map or chart with numerous numerical annotations scattered across its surface. The image is a black and white document with many intersecting lines, curved and straight, and numerous numbers of varying sizes positioned throughout the document. The numbers seem to be coordinates or measurements, but due to the low contrast and overlapping text, many are difficult to read clearly. The document looks like it could be a meteorological, geographical, or navigational chart with intricate grid lines and data points.


- page 49 -

The image appears to be a map or chart with numerous lines, angles, and scattered numerical notations. However, the text is largely illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. The image is very grainy and blurry, making it difficult to discern specific details or read most of the text on the page.


- page 50 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

AUG. 5 1963
38, NWG SFC ANALYSIS
AGUS 38.

The rest of the document appears to be a map or chart with various lines, numbers, and markings, but the text is not clearly legible enough to transcribe with certainty.


- page 51 -

This appears to be a weather map or meteorological chart with grid lines, curved contour lines, and numerous numerical annotations. The numbers seem to represent various meteorological measurements, likely temperatures, pressures, or other atmospheric data points. The map is in black and white and looks like it was printed or copied from an older document. The image is somewhat faded and has some visual noise or artifacts typical of older scanned documents.


- page 52 -

This appears to be a map or chart with numerous grid lines, curved lines, and scattered numerical annotations. The numbers seem to range from around 40 to 72, and are distributed across various sections of the map. The image is black and white and looks like a technical or meteorological document with complex gridding and numerical data points. Due to the low contrast and image quality, many of the specific numbers and details are difficult to read with complete certainty.


- page 53 -

STATION: Night to Daytime

DATE: 6/1

[The document appears to be a detailed data recording sheet with multiple columns and rows of numerical and alphanumeric entries. Some entries are partially illegible. The bottom section of the page contains a "SUMMARY OF DAY" section with additional calculations and entries.]

At the top of the page, there are some faint markings and header information, but most of it is not clearly readable.

The document looks like a meteorological or scientific data collection form, with precise grid-like formatting and multiple sections for recording various measurements or observations.


- page 54 -

DATE: 3/1/63

Visible text includes:
- Form 164 (partially visible at top of document)
- Various numerical entries in columns
- "Form 1 OOT"
- "507 69"
- "107 98"

The document appears to be a standardized form with multiple columns and rows, likely a data collection or reporting sheet. The bottom section includes a "SUMMARY OF DAY" section with additional numerical entries.

Some text is partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the document.


- page 55 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

STATION: VANDALIA, ILLINOIS    DATE: 7-7

[The rest of the text is a complex data table with multiple columns and rows containing various numerical and written entries. Due to the density and complexity of the table, I cannot confidently transcribe all entries without potentially introducing errors. The table appears to be a meteorological or scientific observation log with columns for time, various measurements, and other data points.]

At the bottom of the page, there are additional tables labeled "STATION PRESSURE CORRECTIONS" and "SUMMARY OF DAY" with more numerical data.


- page 56 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

were many requests from the press and the sighting was attracting
little interest it was decided to complete the investigation
with personnel from Wright-Patterson.

Subsequent to the field investigation additional confirmation of
suspected s/c in the vicinity was needed. Indianapolis Center was
contacted for flights to the West. St. Louis center contacted for
low altitude flights and Kansas City for high altitude cross over
from Indianapolis. This information was requested to determine the
suspected s/c. TWA 287 was enroute from
Evansville to St. Louis at 0151Z. Eastern Airlines flight 565 over
Evansville at 0213; over Centralia at 0227. These were the only
jet a/c at upper altitudes being searched at the time. A call was
made to Little Rock Arkansas (Controller for Sandy Spot Refueling
Area, see attached chart.) Information received revealed that the
525W was using the area on the nights of the 5(7),9,13,14 from
0300-0500. It was determined that the Upboff sighting was a mis-
interpretation of the jets refueling.

Call made to Ft Campbell, Ky. PFC Lattimore (Operations) checked
records to assure that restricted areas was not in use. Call to
Ft Campbell, Ky revealed that the base is no longer in use. This
ruled out possibility of munitions or flares being the cause of
the sighting and left the remaining possibility of their sighting as a meteor.

None of the other reported sightings were investigated.


- page 57 -

Location: Vandalia, Illinois
Date: 8.7.63

The document appears to be a form with multiple rows and columns, containing numerical data. The top of the form has a header section, and the bottom includes a "Summary of Day" section with additional numerical entries. Most of the text in the central portion of the document consists of numerical values. Some values I can clearly read include:

033
R20
A22
R20
010 12 8012
110
240
75
Y20
210
400 91

At the bottom of the form, there are additional numerical entries in the "Summary of Day" section, including values like:
1255
16.0
1175
71 61 13 0

The document looks like an official record or log sheet with precise numerical tracking.


- page 58 -

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE - WEATHER BUREAU

SURFACE WEATHER OBSERVATIONS

(The rest of the text in the table is mostly illegible due to poor image quality and faded print. Some numbers and partial words can be seen, but not enough to confidently transcribe the entire document.)


- page 59 -

The image appears to be a grid-style document with multiple rows and columns. Some text is visible but partially illegible due to the image quality. The text I can clearly read includes:

7/18 4964
7/15 1201

Most of the other text on the page is too blurry or faint to confidently transcribe. The document seems to be a form or log sheet with numerical entries in various columns.


- page 60 -

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE, WEATHER BUREAU

SURFACE WEATHER OBSERVATIONS

[The rest of the text is part of a detailed weather observation form with multiple columns and rows, including sections for:
- Clouds and Continuing Phenomena
- Synoptic Observations
- Supplementary Observations

Most of the specific entries are partially illegible due to the image quality, but the form appears to be a standard meteorological data collection sheet with various coded entries for weather conditions, temperature, wind, cloud cover, and other meteorological measurements.]

At the bottom of the form, there is a "SUMMARY OF DAY (MIDNIGHT TO MIDNIGHT)" section, which is also partially illegible.


- page 61 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

SUMMARY OF DAY (MIDNIGHT TO MIDNIGHT)

At the bottom of the form, there are some partially legible lines, but most of the text is too faint or blurry to confidently transcribe.

The document appears to be a standard form with multiple grid sections, including sections for observations, time logs, and summary data. However, most of the specific entries are not clearly readable in this scanned image.


- page 62 -

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE - WEATHER BUREAU

SURFACE WEATHER OBSERVATIONS

(The rest of the text in the table is largely illegible due to the low quality of the scanned document. The column headers appear to be for various meteorological measurements, but the specific details cannot be clearly read.)


- page 63 -

The image appears to be a partially filled out grid or table with some handwritten entries. However, much of the text is illegible or too blurry to accurately transcribe. I can make out some numbers and partial words, but cannot confidently reproduce the full text. The document looks like some kind of official form or log sheet with multiple columns and rows.


- page 64 -

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE, WEATHER BUREAU

SURFACE WEATHER OBSERVATIONS

[The rest of the text is primarily in the form of a detailed grid/table with various meteorological data columns, which includes rows for different times of day and columns for various weather measurements. Due to the complexity of the grid, I cannot transcribe all the specific numerical entries. The document appears to be a standard weather observation form from the 1960s with spaces for recording temperature, wind speed, cloud cover, and other meteorological data.]

At the bottom of the form, there are sections labeled:
- SYNOPTIC OBSERVATIONS
- STATION PRESSURE CORRECTIONS

The document is mostly filled with numerical entries and markings in various grid cells.


- page 65 -

Sunrise: 5:46 A

Sunset: 7:16 P

The text is partially legible due to the image quality. The document appears to be a meteorological or observational log sheet with various grid sections for recording data. Some sections have X marks and numerical entries, but many details are difficult to read clearly.

At the bottom of the form, there are spaces for additional notes or comments, but these are mostly blank or illegible in this image.

The bottom right corner shows a form number or reference, but it is not fully clear due to the image resolution.


- page 66 -

Wayne County Post

C.H. McElwain, Fairfield, Ill.

Home 9702 Fairfield, Ill.


- page 67 -

TAB

A       Initial Report from Scott AFB
B       Field Trip Investigation
C       W-P APS Investigation
D       Weather Data
E       SAFOI Press Release
F       Miscellaneous Correspondence pertaining to Case
G       News Clippings


- page 68 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

THIS IS WAS NOT ( )

MESSAGE FROM CAPT JACK OSWALD INFORMATION OFFICER VO AIR BASE VO
FAIRFIELD SUISUN UFO GROUP IAW AFR 200-2 IN AUGUST 1963 ASSOCIATED
WITH INVESTIGATING TEAM TO JT VERNON/FAIRFIELD, ILLINOIS AREA ON 15-16
AUG 1963 INFORMATION CONCERNING UFO SIGHTING NEAR FAIRFIELD, ILLINOIS
ANDESVILLE, ILLINOIS FROM PATROL ON OR ABOUT 14 AUGUST. CONSIDERABLE
LOCAL INTEREST FROM THE NEWS MEDIA HAS BEEN SHOWN IN THIS AREA.
REQUEST REPORT INFO LACO AREA/BASE SCOTT AFB ILL. ANY NEWS RELEASE
MADE CONCERNING THIS REPORT P. SCOTT AFB.

DO ANGELS...

DA PLS DID YOU RECEIVE 04 DA

A. ANYONE ON LINE SAFOI FIVE DID YOU RECEIVE 04 PLS

SO SORRY YOU WERE NOT ANSWERED PROMPTLY.

HOLD ONE PLEASE

OK THANKS

I WILL RELAY THIS MESSAGE. I DO NOT KNOW TO WHOM IT IS FOR BUT
I ASSURE YOU IT WILL BE TAKEN CARE OF.

DA PLS

OK HATE 301 OUT....

SAFOI I WASH OUT
WO


- page 69 -

THIS IS HQ MATS DOI G' LS
YO1§2-3
SAFOI-3

THIS IS IN REPLY TO YOUR MSG FOR ANSWER TO QUERY RELATIVE
TO FAIRFIELD ILL UFO SIGHTINGS REPORT ED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH AFR 200 DASH 2 CAPT OSWALD 1405 ABW

AUGUST 2 WITNESS WAS [REDACTED] WITNESS INDICATED THAT
HE WAS DRIVING HIS GIRL FRIEND HOME THAT HE LEANED OVER TO
SAY SOMETHING TO HIS GIRL FRIEND AND AT THAT TIME CAUGHT A
GLIMPSE OF WHAT HAS BEEN DETERMINED TO BE THE MOON I SHOULD
BE SITEXXXXNOT THAT LIGHT FOG WAS BEGINNING TO FORM IN
THE AREA WE SAY GLIMPSE BECAUSE IT IS OBVIOUS HE WAS PROBABLY
MORE CONCERNED WITH THE SAFETY AND OPERATION OF THE VEHICLE

THE MOON WAS ALSO THE CAUSE OF THE SIGHTING AT THE GIRLS HOUSE
HE INDICATED THAT THE OBJECT FOLLOWED HIM HOME THAT THE
MARSHALL AND A STATE TROOPER WERE SUMMONED THE THE MARSHALL
SIGHTED THE OBJECT AND COMMENTXXXX COMMENTED THAT HE THOUGHT
IT WAS THE EVENING STAR THE AIR FORCE DID NOT HAVE TO
COME UP WITH A UNIQUE EXPLANATION ON THIS ONE ONLY TO
AFFIRM WHAT THE MARSHALL HAD SAID THE OBJECT WAS JUPITER

JUPITER WAS LOW ON THE HORIZON IN THE EAST AND MORE THAN
FIVE TIMES AS BRIGHT AS ANYTHING ELSE IN THE AREA BECAUSE
OF ITS DISTANCE AND BRIGHTNESS IS WOXXXX IT WOULD APPEAR TO
FOLLOW THE OBJECT FOLLOWED EXACT PATH OF JUPITER IT
DISAPPEARED LAST WHICH WOULD AXXXX MAKE IT APPEAR BRIGHTER
AND STILL BE VISIBLE AT DAWN JUPITER CAN APPEAR IN COLORS
OTHER THAN BLUE IS RED ORANGE GREEN

THE N THE STATE TROOPER UPON LEAVING THE YOUTHS HOME SIGHTED
A FIREBALL ENTERING THE EARTHS ATMOSPHERE FAR TO THE SOUTH
THIS IS RARE OCCURING ABOUT 350 TIMES A YEAR

REGARDING A AUG 6TH SIGHTING
THERE WAS A REPORT FROM A WITNESS WHO SAID THAT HIS DOG WAS
RAISING A FUSS ETC THIS INCIDENT HAS BEEN DETAINED TO
BE A REFUELING OPERATION THE RECEIVER PASSED OVERHEAD AND
THE TANKER CIRCLED AFTER BREAKOFF THIS FOLLOWS THE PATH
OF OBJECT REPORTED BY WITNESS ALSO HIGH FREQUENCY O
OF JET BOMBER NOISE WOULD PROBABLY ACCOUNT FOR THE DOGS BARKING
ETC

THIS INFOMATION IS FROM THE AIR FORCE PUBLIC INFORMATION DIV
OSAF BASE ON REPORT OBTAINED FROM LT COL ROBERT FRIEND HQ
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION WPAFB OHIO WHO INVESTIGATED
INCIDENTS
THAT IS ALL GA
THANX WE WILL PASS TO CAPT OSWALD OUT HERE OR GA

OUT
VO


- page 70 -

4 August 1963 --

Light fog was beginning to form in the area. The witness indicated that he leaned over to say something to his girl friend and at that time caught a fleeting glimpse of what he determined to be the moon. We say a fleeting glimpse because it is obvious he was probably more concerned with the safety and operation of the vehicle.

The witness was driving his girl friend home.

His attention was then transferred to the front.

He reported that the object followed him home and determined that this sighting.

The moon was also the cause of the sighting at the girl's house.

Now, he indicated that the object followed him home; that the Marshall and a State Trooper were summoned; that the Marshall sighted the object and commented that it was the "Evening Star." The Air Force did not have to come up with a unique explanation on this one, only to affirm what the Marshall had said -- the object was Jupiter. Jupiter was low on the horizon in the east, and more than 5 times as bright as anything else in the area. Because of its distance it would appear to follow.


- page 71 -

Here is the text from the document:

Interxxxxxxx

Jupiter can appear in colors other than blue, i.e., 
red, orange, green.
The object followed the exact path of Jupiter. It 
disappeared last, which would make it appear brighter 
and still be visible at dawn.

Then, the State trooper, upon leaving the youth's home 
sighted a fireball entering the earth's atmosphere far 
to the south. This is xxxxxxxx rare, occurring about 
350 times a year.

On the night of the 6th there was a report from a witness 
xxxxxxxx who said that his dog was raising a fuss, etc.
This incident xx has been determined to be/refueling 
operation. The receiver passed overhead and the tanker 
circled after breakoff. It 27 fxxxx was xxxx

[There is a partially illegible signature at the bottom of the document]


- page 72 -

Here is the text from the document:

PSIC BULLETIN Sept 63

UNITED STATES SIGHTINGS...August 5 & 8, 1963, WAVE, FAIRFIELD, ILLINOIS. On August 5 & 8, 1963, these towns in Illinois certainly had their share of excitement the week of Aug 5. UFO were seen by scores of people in this area. We were fortunate in receiving from a prompt reply to our inquiry about this sighting. He gave a complete story to the Wayne County Press of Fairfield, Illinois.

About eleven o'clock we headed out of Mt. Vernon east on Route 15 for home. Phyllis had gotten angry at me and as we drove along east passed the airport I leaned over to speak to her and when I looked out the car window to the south I saw this big white object moving along just over tree tops. It looked as big as an automobile. When I'd speed up or try to get the object would speed up. When I'd slow down by car is built for racing and at one point I drove 120miles an hour and it stayed right after me. One time it came within 100 of the car. I had my radio turned on WLS...I thought they'd announce it soon. Forrest got sick when that thing crossed over my car the radio went crazy...it made all kinds of sounds so I turned it off.

Forrest, got up and came outside and looked at it. And all of a sudden it started moving closer so we ran inside, turned the lights off and watched it through the window. Soon as I pulled away from her house the object began to follow. Me or my car seemed to attract it. Finally poured the coal to the car and I must have been doing a 120 when I topped the hill on the gravel road not far from our place. I was coming into a dead and spot in the highway and the object seemed to exert some strange moves on my car otherwise I would never have been able to make the turn. It slowed down at an unbelievable rate of speed, then the thing came straight toward me and hovered over my car. My car engine started to miss...it wouldn't hardly go. Finally the motor died. I didn't know what was going to happen then. Then the light went out of the sky...all was dark. My car started, I raced for home.

I told them they'd better call the police. Bad man outside and took one look and ran back inside for his gun. His was 12 gauge Remington automatic. When the object saw that gun it seemed to move right toward us. We ran back inside, and Dad got all of us in the kitchen and turned off the lights. He called the police at Mt Vernon. First the phone was dead, but on a second try he got through. The police, at first, thought we were joking.

At this point I was so excited the folks saw I needed medical aid so they called Dr Kovacek at Fairfield and he told them what to give me.

When the police arrived they saw the strange object too.

Many others were named as witnesses in the Aug 8th issue of the Wayne County Press. Seen on the 5th, 6th, & 7th - these are descriptions of eye-witnesses: "Large bright circular or spherical light; bright as a diamond, like a kite with a long tail, a large circular, brilliant light, with four lighted projections sticking out, like a bathysphere, a round ball with metal protrusions, a large ball of brilliant light, with a slight orange cast, and it had light antennas or projections sticking out..."(Note family remembers - blank statements.)

Headquarters for AF-UFO research at Dayton, Ohio (ATIC) sent three investigators to the scene. What did they and the others involved with him see?

"Jupiter!" says the Air Force..."A la la Mendel and light refraction no doubt! What did the others see in the Mt Vernon and Fairfield areas?" "A refueling operation!" says the Air Force.

Did any of us ever see Jupiter as large as an auto? Does Jupiter refracted or not, when does Jupiter, selection, interfere with radio or the electrical system of a car? Ronnie Austin must have been in a highly nervous state, near panic possibly; some statements and opinions attributed to him might be questioned. But can anyone question that something extraordinary must have happened to him?

If you were followed from 20-30 miles, in the manner Ronnie Austin was, wouldn't you come to the conclusions he did; that this object was directed by an intelligence? It had the power to select, to change.


- page 73 -

course so as to follow, to hover and wait,
then to pursue again. What would you have
concluded?
People in the area rose up in protest
at these "explanations". Business people
have donated to a fund to bring Frank
Edwards to speak about UFOs at a giant
rally on September 7. It is a fact,
this is the first spontaneous action of
its kind. We're really becoming a revolt in
country, aren't we?


- page 74 -

Source: Saucer News, Dec 63

[Partial text from the clipping, which appears to be partially obscured/cut off]

...One of the largest cases of recent months in various communities in the state of Illinois...

...Illinois, who gave the following account:

About 11 p.m. he headed from Mt. Vernon and...

[The rest of the text is either cut off, obscured, or too faint to read completely]

At the bottom of the page, handwritten: (over)


- page 75 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some parts of the text are partially illegible due to image quality, so I will transcribe what I can clearly read]

... within a hundred feet of the car. I had my radio ... to start with. I listened. They would announce if some force, an attack was ... When ... crossed the highway. I turned it off.

... and looked at the object. All of a sudden it started moving closer, so we ... through the window. I made a run for the car. That's when the trouble ... exploded away from the house the object began to ... I could not ... on the road not ... the strange force of my car. Otherwise I would never ... I slowed down and stopped. The engine died and I looked around. The engine ... and woke up my mother and father. They thought I was ... and said, "Let's call the police." Dad ran ... and took the local trial. He has a ... Washington authority when the object was that far. It seemed to move ... I called the police at Mt. Vernon and talked to the kitchen and ... the police at Mt. Vernon. When the object ... I watched all night. It was still visible when the sun came up about 4 ... I can't say for sure what it was.

[The rest of the text continues but becomes increasingly difficult to read with full confidence]

The document appears to be a UFO sighting report from Illinois, with the witness describing an unusual object and its movements near their car and home.


- page 76 -

INPH - SEP 63

ILLINOIS HOST TO SMALL 'FLAP'

For two weeks, starting on August 5 and ending about August 20, Illinois played host to a small UFO 'flap'. The flap began when [redacted], 19, and a neighbor girl were driving home from a movie theatre in Mt. Vernon, Ill., to Fairfield, Ill., in Wayne county. [redacted] reported that he noticed a light above and a little behind his car. The light, which [redacted] said was as big as an automobile, reportedly swooped near him and sent his car radio into a spasm and caused the motor to sputter (a characteristic not too uncommon in many UFO reports).

[redacted] said that he raced at speeds up to 120 mph, but that the light kept pace with him. After the 10 mile chase home, both young [redacted] and his date rushed into the house screaming. [redacted] said the light was hovering over the house when he stepped out with a shotgun, because hysterical, and had to be put under sedation. For a period of several days after the event, other members of the Fairfield community saw the light.

Among them: [redacted], 59, a farmer, who said it lit up a barnyard of his. [redacted] said, "We saw this brilliant light about 800 feet up and off to an angle," he said. Wayne county circuit clerk, described the light as "a cross-shaped affair with a tail on it."

But alas! All the sightings were quickly explained by the Air Force.

While we hate to be too critical, since we did not make a personal investigation, we would like to point one thing out: The Air Force said that what saw was the moon partly hidden by fog. To our knowledge, the moon can do a lot of things but it hasn't yet caused car radios to have spasms or to cause car engines to sputter. The other explanations, Jupiter, a fireball, and a refueling operation were a little more convincing to us.

Jupiter, which is quite bright at this time of year, is what [redacted] saw hovering over his home, and a refueling operation between a jet bomber and a tanker.

A state trooper who saw a falling light actually saw a fireball.

We are presenting in the next couple pages several clippings which deal with the incidents in some detail. Any further developments will be reported in the next issue.


- page 77 -

Source: Extra - SEP 63

Case 864, Fairfield, Illinois, August 5, 1963 - Boy chased by a UFO. See special report on Illinois and elsewhere in this area.


- page 78 -

HEADQUARTERS
1405TH AIR BASE WING (MATS)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
SCOTT AIR FORCE BASE, ILLINOIS

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: WCOP

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)                                                   6 AUG 1963

TO: MATS (MAXIN)

1. This report is submitted in accordance with AFR 200-2, and verbal instructions of Headquarters, Air Force Systems Command (FTD (TDE)), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio.

2. Initial information was received from Wright-Patterson AFB, with instructions to investigate the incident, as reported. As a result, this headquarters contacted Mr. [redacted], Deputy Sheriff at Fairfield, Illinois, who did not personally observe the object, but did talk at length with the observer.

3. Fairfield is on Illinois Route 15, approximately thirty miles east of Mt. Vernon. This is approximately eighty miles southeast of Scott AFB. The initial observation occurred at Bluford Crossing, which intersects Route 15 eight miles east of Mt. Vernon.

4. The observer, Mr. [redacted], was driving east on Route 15 at approximately 0500Z, 6 August 1963, when he was suddenly "attacked" by a bright light. Mr. [redacted] drove at various speeds, trying to elude the light, but was unsuccessful. He claimed to have heard a high whine which drowned out the sound of his automobile. Mr. [redacted] drove to his farm home at Keenes, Illinois, dashed into the house and advised his parents. They turned out the lights and went outside. They saw the light hovering over a grove of trees about two hundred yards distant.

The light periodically approached and receded. It was not determined how the light disappeared. Mr. [redacted] was called to the Austin home, some twenty miles distant, and upon arrival was shown a light in the distance. This was later confirmed as being the planet Jupiter. Mr. [redacted] stated that this was obviously not the first sighted object. However, young Mr. [redacted] was in hysteria when Mr. [redacted] arrived. Mr. [redacted] indicated the Austins are highly respected, reliable people. The elder Mr. [redacted] was a farmer. His son's occupation and age were not determined. Originally, Mr. [redacted] indicated there was no specific shape to the object.


- page 79 -

Source: Flying Saucer Review - Aug-Dec 63

U.S.A.
"Morning star" chases car

The Dublin Evening Express in its issue of August 6 carried the following account of a most extraordinary experience: "A teen-ager said a strange white light chased his car at speeds up to 120 miles an hour early yesterday morning near Wayne City, Illinois, told authorities Wayne City Marshall Fred Oville and Phyllis Bruce (18), 10 miles as they drove home from a drive-in theatre at Mount Vernon, Illinois.

Illinois, claimed the light stalled the car's engine as it passed over and caused the radio 'to go crazy'. At one time it approached as close as 100 feet. He estimated the light to be 'cool-burning' and had a 'cool-looking' as it passed overhead.

Austin bolted into the home of his father, Orville, and told him he saw a gun. Austin said the gun seemed to cause the light to draw nearer, so he closed the door. Turned off all the lights in the house and telephoned the police.

Wayne County Deputy Sheriff Harry Loy, one of the officers who answered the call, said he saw the light at a distance. He said it was three or four times bigger than a star and was moving, but not twinkling.

Kenneth Talbert, police radio operator at Fairfield, said the light had the shape of a cross. Wayne City Marshall Sexton said the light looked like the Morning Star to him.

Mrs. Eloise Austin, grandmother of the Austin youth, said the light had her dogs barking during the night.

"It was ten times bigger than the moon and was much brighter than the Morning Star," said Mrs. Dwight Withrow, a neighbour. "Everybody was pretty much excited when he viewed the retreating light with police outside his parents' home later that they had to carry him inside. A doctor was called to give him a sedative."


- page 80 -

Here is the text from the document:

WAYNE COUNTY PRESS Monday 5 August 1963

"Men From Mars"

Then jokingly, I remarked, "Maybe it's some little green men from Mars, coming to get us."

When I said that I did not realize the exciting experience that was about to be ours.

When I'd speed up my car up the object would speed up. When I'd slowed down it slowed down. My car is built for racing and at one point I drove 120 miles an hour and it stayed right after me.

At first it was on the south side of the road and then it crossed over in front of me to the north side. One time it came within a hundred feet of the car. I had my radio turned on WLS... I thought they'd announce it some foreign attack was underway. When that thing crossed over my car the radio went crazy... it made all kinds of sounds so I turned it off.

When we reached my girl's house her sister, Forrestine, got up and came outside and looked at it. And all of a sudden it started moving closer, so we ran inside, turned the lights off and watched it through the window.

Chased Him Home

Finally, I had to go home so I made a run for the car.

That's when the fun really began.

Soon as I pulled away from the house the object began to follow. Me or my car seemed to attract it. I really poured the coal to the car and I must have been doing a 120 when I topped the hill on the gravel road not far from our place.

I was coming into a dead end spot in the highway and the object seemed to exert some strange force on my car otherwise I would never have been able to make the turn. It slowed me at an unbelievable rate of speed.

Then the thing came straight toward me and hovered over my car. My car engine started to miss... it wouldn't hard pull away. I knew something unusual was going to happen then. Then the light moved over to the side of the highway, overhead, and my car started. I raced for home.

Thought He'd Gone Crazy

I ran inside and woke up dad and mom. They thought I was drunk or had gone crazy. I told them they'd better call the police. Dad ran outside and took one look and ran back inside for his gun. His is a 12 gauge Remington automatic. When the object saw that gun it seemed to move right toward us. We ran back inside. Dad got all of us in the back bedroom and called the sheriff's office in Vernon. First the phone was dead, but on a second try he got through. The police, at first, thought we were joking.

At this point I was so excited the folks saw I needed medical aid and they called Dr. Konarski at Fairfield and he told them what to give me.

When the police arrived they saw the strange object too. Two of my buddies, Gary Krambeer and Tom Kisser, stayed there and watched it all night. He was still visiting where the object was seen the next morning.

The object was round and moved with no sound... I can't imagine what it was.

BOY TELLS WHAT HAPPENED

Ronnie Austin, 18, of Keenes, gives the Press the following exclusive account of what happened Sunday night:

"The Escape", an exciting picture of a German prison camp.

My girl friend, Phyllis Bruce, 18, and I had driven to Mt. Vernon and attended the drive-in movie. We saw the show, "The Escape", an exciting picture of a German prison camp.

"After the show, I drove her home. Phyllis had gotten angry at me and was driving home. I was driving behind her. When I got back to her and when I looked out the car window to the south, I saw this big white object moving along the tree line. It looked as big as an automobile.

"I said to Phyllis, 'Look there at that thing, what is it?'

"Phyllis looked out and replied, 'No, it's not an airplane... it doesn't have the flashing red and green lights.'"

[Photograph caption]: "IT CAME WITHIN 100 FEET OF ME," said Ronnie Austin, who was described his tussle with a flying saucer in a Press interview.


- page 81 -

Here is the text from the newspaper article:

MAINE COUNTY PRESS 5 August 1963

Keenes Boy Chased Home By 'Flying Saucer'; Police Called!

BOY GIVEN SEDATION TO
QUIET HIS NERVES AFTER
INCIDENT.

An 18-year-old Keenes boy was chased home Sunday night by a flying saucer or some other unidentified vehicle.

The whole neighborhood out his cry is talking about it.

The lad was so frightened he ran into his home, awakened his father and mother and when his dad saw it he ran inside for his shotgun. They wondered if it might be some invading force from Mars or Russia.

Hid in Kitchen

When the father displayed his run, the object seemed to move, closer.

So the family ran back into the house ... gathered in the kitchen and turned out the lights.

Quickly they called police at Mt. Vernon. Fairfield police were promptly notified to keep watch.

At first the police thought they were joking.

Deputy Saw It

Among the officers rushing to the scene was Deputy Sheriff Harold Lee, of Fairfield.

"It was different," he said. "I ever saw anything like it. It was more than a star ... it did not twinkle and seemed to be moving."

"It was up in the sky to the southeast at about a 45 degree angle. I couldn't make out any form to it, except that of a big round light, something like a star, although it didn't flicker any," Deputy Lee said. "It was moving upward and to the southeast and kept in a general direction."

When asked what it was, the deputy said he first shook his head in wonderment.

The boy who first saw the object was Ronnie Austin, son of Mr. and Mrs. Orville Austin, who live west of the "Big Store" in Hickory Hill township, returning from a drive-in movie at Mt. Vernon when they noticed it through the door window of their car.

"Scared To Death"

"It was white and round and about the size of an automobile," Ronnie told a Press reporter. "It just soared along over the tree tops. We could tell it wasn't a plane. Every once in awhile it would swoop over toward our car."

"I tried to get away from it," Ronnie continued. "When I'd speed up, it'd speed up; when I'd slow down it'd slow down. I drove up to 120 miles an hour but it stayed right with us. We were scared to death."

A neighbor, "Than The Moon"

A Press reporter hastened to the Austin neighborhood early Monday morning (today).

A neighbor, Mrs. Dwight Withrow, was excited about the happening. She was called during the night to view the object. "It was ten times brighter than the moon," she said with excitement, "and much bigger than a star."

Roxie Austin, Ronnie's sister was talking about the event. She described the object as having a white glow with some sort of an object projecting from it.

Ronnie's grandmother, Mrs. Elba Austin, was pretty excited about the whole affair. Interviewed she said, "That boy's about scared to death. I know there's such a thing as a person being scared to death ... I'm worried about him. I knew there was something wrong last night ... our dogs yelped and barked all night long."

The boy was taken to Astrex Products in Fairfield. She said she had no idea what the object was, but that it came far too close to their home for comfort. At least they discussed the incident at length.

Crowd Gathered

A crowd of 25 or more gathered out there around the Austin home to view the object at different times during the night.

Ronnie graduated from Wayne City High School in 1962. Since then he has been working at the nursery firm at Mt. Vernon. The boy is on vacation this week.

The Austin family lives about three miles north of Highway 15 in Hickory Hill township, west of the "Big Store."

Village Marshal George Sexton, of Wayne City, rushed to the scene. He said when he arrived he saw nothing more than what appeared to be a bright light in the southeastern sky. He said Ronnie told him he had to be carried into the house.

State Trooper Richard Gidcumb, of McLeansboro, told the Press he saw a strange light that seemed to be moving in the sky. But he seemed to question the flying saucer story the boy told.

Ronnie's girl friend, who viewed the phenomenon with him in Phyllis Bruce, 13, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Gene Bruce, of western Fairfield, Police Radio Operator Kenneth Talbert said he watched it in the southeastern sky until 4 a.m. "It looked like a bright light in the heavens to me," said Mrs. Talbert.

Mike Hill, of Fairfield, told friends he was up about midnight and noticed an unusually brilliant light in the southeastern sky.


- page 82 -

Here is the text from the document:

Light-In-the-Sky Story Gains Momentum
Here; Another Strange Object Is Seen

ARMY INTELLIGENCE MAN
DUE IN FAIRFIELD
TO STUDY CASE.

Story Given Big Play

The "light in the sky" story is
gaining momentum!

Some of people saw an unusual
object in the eastern sky here
Wednesday night about 9 o'clock.

Descriptions of how it looked
seen to vary with the location
from which it was viewed.

Bright As Diamond

Perhaps getting the best view
of the phenomenon was Chauncey
Updyke, who operates a farm on
highway 15 four miles east of
Fairfield and is guest that eve-
ning, Mike Hill, operator of the
Hill cleaning plant here.

Said Mr. Updyke, "Mike and I
were sitting in the yard talking
and we hadn't had a drop to
drink"; Mr. Updyke said plentifully
"And all of a sudden Mike said,
'Did you turn your porch light on
... look at that up there ... it
looks like a big diamond.'

"I quickly saw it ... it was
moving from the west, along over
the railroad track to the east.
Never saw anything like it before
I can recall and called the police
station."

The image caption reads: "SHE SWOOPED AROUND WITH LIGHTNING-LIKE SPEED" and shows a blurry photograph of what appears to be two people.


- page 83 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

WAYNE COUNTY PRESS THURSDAY 8 August 1963 (Cont.)

Lights Went Out
"When I looked back," Mike said, "Look there, here comes something else ... it's a jet plane." And sure enough there was another object in it didn't have blinking lights like a jet plane. This object suddenly swung around toward the jet plane and as it neared the plane, or whatever it was, the lights on the diamond shaped object went out. And then, there out was a light. And when the light changed to a different glow and she swooped around toward us with lightning like speed and at this point it looked like a kite with a long tail. Quickly it circled back to the jet and seemed to hover right there in the heavens at about a 45 degree angle over what would be the village of Merriam. "Finally it disappeared down toward Grayville."

"It was big and it was bright," Mr. Uptolts said. "I never saw anything like it might be a thousand or more feet up. It made no sound whatever."

No Imagination
Continued Mr. Uptolts, "Now Mike and I weren't borrowing imagination about this flying saucer business, but for our sure we saw the object in the sky ... it wasn't an airplane or anything like that, but we don't know what it was. Anyway we were didn't just imagine it."

Mr. Hill noted that Mr. Uptolts assumes several times while all this was happening. He remarked that he did not want to do too much talking but had to do his best to tell what he saw at those times.

This might tie in with a report following the incident near Keenes Sunday night when Ronnie Austin, living at their home north of Keenes, had a big bright object hanging in the sky. A reporter talked with Mr. and Mrs. Bill Short, 300 Lakeside Drive, who witnessed a strange object in the eastern sky about 9:30 Tuesday evening.

Mr. Short told the Press, "It was a large circular brilliant light with metal projections sticking out. Then the mother use for going deep into the sea. a round ball with metal projections sticking out."

Mrs. Short went inside her house to call the Press Editor and tell him at the time she got back outside, the strange object was gone. The object was so bright it seemed to point head a jet plane go by in the sky, and believed for a time that the object might have been this plane.

Mr. and Mrs. Perry Padgett, 206 North First, told a Press reporter of seeing a strange light in the sky as they drove home from Cisne at about 9 o'clock Wednesday evening. "It looked like a ball of a large ball," of brilliant light with slight orange cast, and it had light antennas or projections sticking out," Mrs. Padgett said. "It moved, however, from the east and by the time the Padgetts got home it was not in the sky. Then it disappeared. As to what I looked like, Mrs. Padgett suggested drawing a round sun, then adding light beams sticking out from that sun.

Circuit Clerk James Wilson said he and members of his family saw the strange light Wednesday night. He said it frightened his little daughter until she cried. At times, he said, the object seemed to move away, with an illuminated tail, like a saucer-like object. Anything imagined by the group was that they really saw it.

Lawyer Dick Cochran said he was one of the first to see the light moving northwest about 9 p. m. Monday. He said he believed it was one of the manufactured satellites.

Meanwhile at their home north of Keenes, the Austin home, a lively remains steadfast in the story of what they witnessed Sunday night. The Press was unable to reach Mr. and Mrs. Austin, or son Ronnie Thursday (today), but it did interview Mr. Austin's mother and sister, Mrs. Ethel Austin.

When told by the reporter that their son, Orval had been "quoted" Tuesday as saying what he saw was nothing more than the morning star, Mrs. Austin said, "I don't know where you got that. Orval was here last night talking about it. His father told him that he wished that he'd been called ... that he didn't think it would have scared him." Then she added her son as the explanation, "If it did look horrible."

She asked the Press to correct a statement published Monday to the effect that she said her grandson was near a nervous breakdown. She said her statement was that he was "in a state of shock."

The Austin have received many calls about the incident.

Deputy Sheriff Harry Lee was called by an Army Intelligence Officer at Fort Benjamin Harrison and extensively about the object seen by Ronnie Austin in western Wayne county Sunday night. The officer said he would probably send someone to Fairfield for questioning of those seeing the object that night.

The deputy sheriff on Wednesday night was telephoned by Air Force Intelligence agents from Scott Field, and one officer is expected in Fairfield Thursday afternoon (today) to question persons about the object and objects seen in the Wayne county area since Sunday night.

Deputy Lee said he had received over 50 telephone calls and letters from newspapers, TV stations and radio stations, with information about the mysterious objects. A man at Addison, Ill., wanted to swap information about the object, as he had gone through a similar experience himself. This man may come here.

Another man from Salem, from Evanston, emphatically declared in a letter to Deputy Lee that it was an Unidentified Flying Object from another planet. "I wish I could have been in your shoes and saw what object Sunday in Evanston man declared the people in these "ships" are not hostile to us; are exceptionally religious and highly learned, far ahead of us on earth. He said the small ships sighted here are from a larger mother ship. A larger ship would require no fuel, operate on magnetic, coming from Venus, Mars and other planets. He said they had heard our signals in connection with moon contact efforts from World War II days and thought we were trying to see what our trouble was. Actually, Mr. Solem added, solemnly, "there are non-earth people although we don't know them."


- page 84 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

WAYNE COUNTY PRESS
THURSDAY 8 Aug (Cont.)

WAYNE COUNTY PRESS MONDAY 12 AUGUST 1963

SIGHTINGS IN SKY
APPEAR ON WANE

None Reported in County Over
Weekend; Seen in Other
Counties

Are Wayne county's neck-craning days over?
After a week of neck-breaking activity appears to be waning, one week ago a strange light was seen over a Hickory Hill township teenager and his girl friend home.

A number of Fairfield and county residents sighted more strange lights Wednesday night. The sightings brought Air Force and National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena teams to Fairfield over the week end to interview persons seeing the strange flying objects.

Last police-reported sighting in the county came here early Friday morning, when Mr. and Mrs. Les-lie Mason, of 900 West Main street, observed a larger-than-average cross-shaped light moving quickly across the sky. It went from the southeast to the northwest. Mr. Mason told the Press, Mr. Mason denied the object had a compelling tail, as reported elsewhere, but he told the Press "it was all one piece."

CLAIM AIR FORCE
KEEPS LID ON UFO'S

Representatives From Private Organization Here Checking Flying Object Stories

A claim that the U. S. Air Force is suppressing evidence about Unidentified Flying Objects was made by a three-man team from the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena here Saturday night.

The team said the Air Force is not releasing all its information on the unidentified flying objects which have been sighted in this country, according to Francis Ridge, chairman of a subcommittee from Indianapolis.

Here with Mr. Ridge were Phillip Stutler, assistant chairman, and Jim Catt, communications division.

The three interviewed Chan Updegrove and L. A. (Mike) Hill of Fairfield, who may have seen in the eastern sky last Wednesday night.

The National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena was started by an ex-Marine major, Donald Edward Keyhoe, who has been with True Magazine. It is a private organization.

In this trio, the Air Force has files on 6,300 cases of UFO sightings, many of the reports still top secret.

"Inherently Dangerous"

The NICAP board of directors feels their Air Force reports "inherently dangerous." The private group wants open Congressional hearings on UFO's.

Lt. Col. Robert J. Friend, an Air Force Investigator here over the week end, denied the Air Force hides information on the flying saucers. Skied Colonel Friend, "Let the chips fall where they may." To date the Air Force has no information there are flying saucers.

A publicity release from NICAP tells of a Trans-World Airline pilot who has been ordered to avoid a head-on collision, tracing four UFO's at 3600 miles an hour, one over an Air Force base, and an F-86 jet pilot chasing a huge saucer in the Far East.

(Rest of text is cut off or illegible)


- page 85 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(In County $4.00 per year. Out of County $5.00 per year.)    MONDAY, AUGUST 12th, 196

AIR FORCE MEN CHECK LIGHT-IN-SKY STORIES HERE

[A photograph shows three men looking at a document together]

Caption: A TEAM OF AIR FORCE PHYSICISTS were in Fairfield over the week end checking last week's light-in-sky stories. Here they are studying a log at the Press office. Left to right are Col. Robert J. Friend, Capt. Charles R. Sharp. They said not overplayed.

AIR FORCE TEAM
CHECKS OUT 'LIGHTS'
Investigate 500 Claims A Year,
Solve 98 Per Cent of
Them.

An Air Force team of physicists from Wright-Patterson Field, Dayton, Ohio, spent the week end in Fairfield investigating the aerial phenomena several nights last week.

Were Capt. Lt. Col. Robert J. Friend, Capt. Hector Quintanilla and T/Sgt. Charles R. Sharp.

The Air Force team interviewed several persons who reported strange objects in the Wayne county sky last week, starting with Ronnie Austin and his girl friend, Phyllis Bruce, who were carried by a strange lighted object to an unknown location near Hickory Hill towering pines last Sunday night.

"What did the Air Force physicists find out?" They weren't telling—yet, but Colonel Friend did make the following observations:

"The Air Force investigates 500 claims of strange aerial phenomena a year.—Statistically explains 98 per cent of them, at least in the years since 1956. From 1947, when the Air Force started its first program for investigation of aerial phenomena was started, the Air Force has satisfactorily explained 98 per cent of the incidents."

Each Air Force base investigates such incidents separately. Scott Air Base did not handle this investigation.

"The Air Force to date has no information available to indicate the existence of flying saucers.

Most of the 'strange objects' seen in the sky turn out to be planes, in this case, the Air Force team will check private, commercial and military plane traffic on the nights the objects were sighted. This particular section of the U.S. has the most controlled air traffic in the country. It is a positive control area," sharply covered by radar, Colonel Friend told the Press.

Photograph caption details: The image shows three men in a professional setting, looking at a document together. One man is in a military uniform, and the others are in civilian attire. They appear to be studying something intently.


- page 86 -

Here is the text from the document:

Chicago American 9 August 1963

'Light in the Sky' Rumors Brighten Fairfield's Day
Town Gets a Buzz from Talk About Strange Flying Objects

BY HENRY HANSON
Staff Writer

FAIRFIELD, Ill.—The "light in the sky" city hasn't had so much fun since the Shelton Gang hrew town.

Several wild citizens are reporting they have seen strange flights of "bright glowing objects" across the night skies.

Two law officials said they have seen them. Kenneth Fulbert, who operates the police radio system, said he peered out the door at headquarters and saw a glowing object. "It was kind of the shape of a cross, but a nice light, going northeast over 20 St.," he said.

Wayne County Deputy Sheriff Harry Lee said, "I know what I saw, but I don't know what it was."

A carload of teen-agers reported seeing a strange light. So did lawyer Dick Cochran.

SCORES of residents are getting stiff necks straining at the night sky. Mayor Zack Smith said the town was "quite worked up."

The Shelton Gang, notorious bootleggers who once controlled vice and gambling, Downstate, were famed in Fairfield, but have since departed.

The Uptown Motel is offering binoculars to guests bent on observing the flying objects. Orman 17, a pretty brunette waitress at the Uptown Restaurant, inquired of guests, "Have you seen it yet?"

Deputy Lee was summoned to the home and agreed there was an unusual object glowing in the sky. The rest of Austin's family agreed. They are his wife, Mary Lou; a son, Jerry, 17; and a daughter, Rosie, 15.

WEDNESDAY evening the lights were reported seen by Chauncey Uphoff, who operates a farm near miles east of Fairfield, and a guest, Mike Hill.

"I looked like a big kite," Uphoff said. "There was no noise," Uphoff.

Mike and I weren't born yesterday. We're not getting all excited about this flying saucer business, but for darn sure we saw this thing in the sky. It wasn't an airplane that we don't know what it was."

RONNIE Austin, the young man who started the sky-scanning craze, went home before midnight Sunday night. "We had a lot of people right out on some fields," he said. "We held in the kitchen because we were afraid of the Russians."

Three machinists who said they don't believe in flying saucers reportedly seeing a trailing saucer-like object across the sky.

"I've never seen anything like it," said Louis Koening, 36, of 178 W. 115th St. "About 10 of these lighted objects were lined up in a row like cars on a train."

Donald Clark, 32, of 8030 Sycamore, Highland, Ind., added, "If the town was going to get excited about something, it was all. We saw it for about three or four minutes."

Ronald Anderson, 29, of 1542 Dante, Dalton, said, "It was very odd. The object made a circle at about 3,000 feet. It was white with an orange tinge. We thought so, but it might be a blimp, but it went too fast to be a blimp."

Dayton Daily News 8 aug 63

LOOK OUT, HERE IT COMES AGAIN
WAYNE CITY, Ill., Aug. 6 (UPI)—Authorities were baffled today by the story of a teenager who said he and his father saw a strange light from an outdoor theater Sunday night by a mobile, caused him at speeds up to 120 miles an hour. The youth was given a sedative.


- page 87 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

WAYNE COUNTY PRESS MONDAY 12 AUGUST (Cont.) (Air Force Cont.)

CLAIM AIR FORCE
(KEEPERS LID ON UFO'S)
(Continued from Page 1)

Wanted: No Publicity
The NICAP group almost got
into trouble with police here Saturday night, after a city police
representative complained that
so-called UFO representatives
in a telephone conversation with
him Saturday afternoon. The three
denied this. At first they declined
to give their names to a Press reporter, then gave a false identity. Finally, at police instance,
they identified themselves.

Admitted there are some
things we don't understand about UFO's, but many peculiarities. He cited case where a certain radar station reported an undetermined blimp on its radar
screen. Planes weren't sent up to
investigate, and although radar continued to show blimping on screen, the
blimp was never found.

- Cited a recent case in Kentucky, where strange lights were
reported by a group of residents.
Air Force team went there, and
next night saw the "strange object" come over. It was B-52
bomber on low level "bombing"
mission, with extra lights attached to warn other aircraft. "These
big B-52's can't turn on a dime,
so the Air Force put on extra
lights to warn other area planes
of their whereabouts." Colonel
Friend explained.

Final Evaluation
- Findings of the Air Force
team will be channeled to higher
authorities, and finally to Pentagon for final evaluation and determination. "Once all the facts
are collected, I believe we can explain this incident in Wayne
County," Colonel Friend told the
Press.

The Air Force team stays in
the field as long as necessary to
exhaust all possible phases of investigation.

Other than the people at Keenes
they collected the bulk of their
information from Mike Bill,
Chauncey Uphoff and state troop-


- page 88 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Chicago Sun-Times
6 August 1963

PECULIARLY
A Swift
Light Is
Spotted
Special to The Sun-Times

FAIRFIELD, Ill.—A strange
white light Monday chased him
(or 10 miles at speeds up to
120 m.p.h. and then hovered
over his farm home, a Wayne
County youth told police
breathlessly.

The light began following
him as he and his date, Phyllis
Hines, 18, left a drive-in movie
at Mount Vernon. 18-year-old
Ronnie Austin said the light was
mechanically.

Sound Described
Once the light swooped
down to within 100 feet of the
car, it made a humming sound
and had a "cooling effect," he
said idly. He sped to his farm
home about 1.5 miles west of
here and told his father, Or-
ville, to get his gun. Ronnie
continued automatically.

The gun seemed to cause the
light to retreat, according to
Ronnie's father and similarly,
he held back the gun and turned
off the lights and called police.
Answering the call, Harry
Lee, Wayne County deputy
sheriff, saw the light at a distance, he reported satisfactorily. "It was three or four
times bigger than a star and
was moving, but not twin-

Watches It
He kept it under observation for several hours, he added, and photographed it.
To Kenneth Talbert, police
radio operator at Fairfield,
about 275 miles south of Chicago, the light appeared to be
shaped like a cross, he explained recently.

Other members of the Austin family and neighbors supported the youth's story heartily. Ronnie became so
excited watching the light above
the house a physician was
called to give him a sedative.

Chicago Daily News
6 August 1963

Air Force Probes
'Mystery Light'
Special to The Daily News

WAYNE CITY, Ill.—An Air Force intelligence officer was
expected here Thursday to investigate a huge dazzling light in
the sky which frightened a Wayne County farm family.
He will question the 15 to 20 persons who reported seeing the
light early Monday, then report his findings to the Air Force
and Dr. Allen Hynek of Northwestern University.

Dr. Hynek is chairman of
NU's astronomy department
and the Air Force's consultant
astronomer on aerial phenomena.

"At the present stage, we
don't know what this light was,"
said Dr. Hynek from Evanston.
"There have been cases of
ball lightning, which lasted 15
seconds at most. But I don't
think this caused the light."

RONNIE Austin, 18, told
officials the mystery light pursued his auto at speeds up to
120 miles an hour early Monday while he drove a girl home
from a drive-in movie at Mount
Vernon.

The light was reportedly
spotted again Wednesday night
by residents of Fairfield, 17
miles east of here.

Fairfield police, the
Wayne County sheriff's office and state police all said
they were "bexildered" by
the incident.

Callers reported the light
about 500 feet off the ground.

Some said the light went out
when a plane flew by and went
back on again when the plane
had passed.

Mike Hill, 57, operator of a
Fairfield cleaning plant, said
the object "looked like a kite
affair with a long tail to it and
things projecting from it."

Military Pay
May Get 2d
Boost in '64
WASHINGTON (UP)—
With a $1.2 billion military
pay raise already under congressional approval, the Defense Department already is
asking for a further boost early
next year, it was learned Thursday.

Assistant Defense Sec. Norman S. Paul said the pending
pay bill will not "solve all the
problems," such as "moonlighting" by servicemen who get
off-duty jobs to make ends
meet, "and extreme cases where
men have turned to relief." But he said he is going to help.

CHICAGO DAILY NEWS
AUG 8 1963


- page 89 -

the object, but later stated Mr. reported it as being half moon
in shape. There was no trail, or exhaust. The object was
rather low, estimated as being not over one hundred feet elevation.
At one point it appeared to move in front of the automobile.

5. Weather conditions in the area were clear, with moonlight. The
Scott AFB weather station records indicate scattered to broken clouds
southeast of Scott that night at 10, 000 feet. There were thunderstorms
north of Scott on a line running generally east to west, moving southeast.
Lightning flashes probably were visible at Fairfield.

6. This headquarters has not visited the scene, nor is there any known
physical evidence. It was not possible to contact Mr. at his home
not have a telephone at his home. Mr. home telephone number is
Fairfield, Illinois 2-3651. He can be reached during the day by calling
the Sheriff's Office, Fairfield, Illinois.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of O. V. Harkness]
O. V. HARKNESS
Lt Colonel, USAF
Wing Operations Officer

1st Ind (MAXIN)
Hq MATS, Scott AFB, Ill

8 AUG 1963

TO: AFSC (FTD) (TDE)
Forwarded for necessary action.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Partially illegible signature]
Lt Col, Intelligence Dir., DCS/Plans

2


- page 90 -

Here is the text from the document:

'Light in Sky' Chases Car, Besieges Home of Farmer

Fairfield, Ill., Aug. 5 (Special) - A bright moving object in the night sky was seen early today by a farmer who became so frightened he made a frantic call from a farmer who aided the light had chased his son for 10 miles and was being harassed.

Harry Lee, the deputy, said the light was apparently high in the sky and was bigger and brighter than any star. He described it as moving but not twinkling and said he kept it under observation for several hours after midnight until it disappeared shortly before dawn.

Lee said he went to the farm home of Orville Austin, 15 miles west of Fairfield, in answer to a call from Austin for protection against a mysterious aerial maneuver.

Tell Harrowing Tale

Austin, his wife and son, Ronnie, had a harrowing tale to tell of their experiences with the light.

Ronnie said he was in a drive-in movie last night with a Pyrlus Bruce, 16, a neighbor, and they had started home after dark and behind him shortly after they had started for a 10-mile drive home.

Ronnie said the light was as big as an automobile and that when it moved near him it gave off a strange glow.

He sent his car radio into a spasm and caused the motor to sputter.

Ronnie said he raced at speeds up to 120 miles an hour but the light kept pace with him. He drove into his father's farm yard and he and Miss Bruce rushed into the house.

Turns Off Lights

Austin said he stepped into the yard with a shotgun and that the light was hovering over the house. He fired back into the house, turned off the lights, and called for help.

Three other members of the Austin family and Miss Bruce supported the story. Lee said, Ronnie became hysterical and was seen a relative by a physician.

Austin, a policeman in Mount Vernon, Ill., 15 miles west of the Austin home, reported seeing a strange light in the sky and that Ronnie, the radio operator, said it appeared to have the shape of a tree.

Reports Come In On Lights In Sky Vary From 1 To 3

The saga of the mysterious lights appearing in the sky continued today with the report of another sighting and a difference in the description by two women Monday night.

Joseph Schlenz, 316 E. Eagle St., reported to the Journal this morning that he and his wife saw the light. Schlenz said the light by two women as they were driving on Waldrau Road at 8:10 p.m. Monday. However, Schlenz said the "light" seen by the women was definitely a shooting star. Schlenz said both he and his wife saw the light moving from east to west. The time corresponded exactly with the time given by the pair driving along Waldrau Road.

Melvin Edington, 412 W. Tool St., Fourbournes, is the latest to report the sighting of lights in the sky. He saw not one, but three.

Edington, son of Mrs. Monica Edington, reported the sighting at 11:20 p.m. Tuesday. He was walking his dog. He said the first saw them directly overhead, then they moved quickly out of sight one heading southeast, one southwest and the third directly south trail.

Kankakee Daily Journal
Aug. 14, 1963

AIR FORCE AID TO INVESTIGATE 'LIGHT IN SKY'

An investigation from the Scott air force base near Belleville, Ill. Capt. county, has been assigned to check into the "light in the sky" that alarmed Wayne county residents before dawn Monday.

Dr. J. Allen Hynek, director of Northwestern university's Dearborn observatory and official consultant to the air force on unidentified flying objects, said he will join the investigator from Scott air force base in an effort to determine the nature of the phenomenon.


- page 91 -

Here is the text from the newspaper page:

Wayne C[remainder of header cut off]
Published Semi-Week[remainder cut off]

VOLUME NINETY-EIGHT (In County $4.00 per year; Out of County $5.00 per year) MONDAY, AUGU[remainder cut off]

Keenes Boy Chased Home By 'Flying Saucer'; Police Called!

BOY GIVEN SEDATION TO
QUIET HIS NERVES AFTER
INCIDENT.

An 18-year-old Keenes boy was chased home Sunday night by a strange unidentified and unknown heavenly body!

The whole neighborhood out his way is talking about it.

The lad was so frightened he ran into his home, awakened his father and mother, and when his dad saw it he ran inside for his shotgun. They wondered if it might be some invading force from Mars or Russia.

Hid In Kitchen

When the father displayed his gun, the object seemed to move closer.

So the family ran back into the house... scattered in the kitchen and turned out the lights.

Quickly they called police at Mt. Vernon; Fairfield police at Mt. Vernon; Fairfield police were promptly notified to keep watch.

At first the police thought they were joking.

Deputy Saw It

Among those rushing to the scene was Deputy Sheriff Hartley Lee of Fairfield.

"It was different than anything I ever saw," said Mr. Lee. "It was much bigger than a star and did not twinkle and seemed to move around."

"It was up in the sky to the southeast at about a 45 degree angle. I couldn't make out any form to it, except that of a big round light, something like a star, although it didn't flicker any."

[Remainder of text is partially cut off or illegible]

Accompanying the text is a photograph of a young man with his arm raised, with a caption that reads: "IT CAME WITHIN 100 FEET OF ME," said Ronnie Austin, above, as he described his tussle with a flying saucer in a Press Office interview.

There is also a section titled "BOY TELLS WHAT HAPPENED" which begins with "Ronnie Austin, 18, of Keenes, gives the Press the following account..." but the rest of the text is cut off.


- page 92 -

County Press

Published Semi-Weekly - Monday and Thursday Afternoons

MONDAY, AUGUST 5th, 1963 FAIRFIELD, ILLINOIS


- page 93 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

think I ever saw," said Mr. Lee.
"It was much bigger than a star
... it did not twinkle and seemed
to be moving."

"It was up in the sky to the
southeast at about a 45 degree
angle. I couldn't make out any
form to it, except that of a big
round light, something like a star,
although it didn't flicker, any,"
Deputy Lee said. "It was moving
upward and to the southeast and
kept this general direction."

The boy who first saw the object was Ronnie Austin, son of Mr. and Mrs. O'orville Austin, who live
west of the "Big Store" in Hickory.

INCIDENT:

An 18-year-old Keenes boy was
chased home Sunday night by a
flying saucer or some other unknown heavenly body!

BOY TELLS WHAT HAPPENED

Ronnie Austin, 18, of Keenes, gives the Press the following exclusive account of what happened Sunday night:

"My girl friend, Phyllis Bruce, 18, and I had driven to Mt. Vernon and attended the drive-in movie. We saw the show, 'The Escape', an exciting picture of a German prison camp.

"About eleven o'clock we headed out of Mt. Vernon east on Route 15 for home. Phyllis had gotten angry at me and as we drove along east passed the airport I leaned over to look at some planes. Then I looked to the south I saw this big white object moving along just over the tops. It looked as big as an automobile.

I said to Phyllis, "Look there at that thing, what is it an airplane?"

Phyllis looked out and replied, "No, it's not an airplane ... it doesn't have the flashing red and green lights.

"Men From Mars"

Then jokingly, I remarked, "Maybe it's some little green men from Mars coming to get us."

When I said that I did not realize the exciting experience that was about to be ours.

When I'd speed up the object would speed up. When I'd slow down it slowed down. My car is built for racing and at one point I drove 120 miles an hour and it stayed right after me.

At first it was on the south side of the road and then it crossed over in front of me to the north side. One time it came within a hundred feet of the car. I had my radio tuned on WLS ... I thought they'd announce it some foreign attack or something. When that thing crossed over my car the radio went crazy ... it made all kinds of sounds so I turned it off.

When we reached my girl's house her sister, Forrestine, got up and came outside and looked at it. And all of a sudden it started moving closer so we ran inside, turned the lights off and watched its through the window.

Chased Him Home

Finally, I had to go home so I made a run for the car. That's when the fun really began.

Soon as I pulled away from the house the object began to follow. Me or my car seemed to attract it. I really poured the coal to it and my car was doing 120 miles an hour.

I looped the hill on the gravel road not far from our place. I was coming into a dead end spot in the highway and the object seemed to exert some strange force on my car otherwise I would never have been able to make the turn. It slowed me down at an unbelievable rate of speed.

Then the thing came straight toward me and hovered over my car. My car engine stalled. I didn't know what was going on. Suddenly the motor died. I didn't know where I was on the side of the highway, overhead, and my car started. I raced on home.

Thought He'd Gone Crazy

I ran inside and woke up dad and mom. They thought I was drunk or had gone crazy. I told them they'd better call the police. Dad ran outside and took one look back inside for his gun. His is a 12 gauge Remington automatic. When the object saw the gun, it seemed to move away. Dad got all of us in the kitchen and turned off the lights. He called the police at Mt. Vernon. First the phone was dead. Then one of our buddies, Gary Karacher and Tom Kissener stayed there and watched it all night. He was still visible when the sun came up at about 4 o'clock this morning.

The object was round and moved with the same slightly jagged I over saw ... I can't imagine what it is."


- page 94 -

Here is the OCR text from the newspaper page:

A Community Institution
More than a Newspaper—

Wayne Cl
Published Semi-Weekly

VOLUME NINETY-EIGHT (In County $4.00 per year, Out of County $5.00 per year) THURSDAY, AUGUST 8

Light-In-the-Sky Story Gains Momentum Here; Another Strange Object Is Se
ARMY INTELLIGENCE
DUE IN FAIRFIELD
TO STUDY CASE

Story Given Big Play

The "light in the sky" story is
gaining momentum!

Score of people saw an unusual
object in the eastern sky here
Wednesday night about 9 o'clock.

Descriptions of how it looked
seem to vary with the location
from which it was viewed.

Bright As Diamond

Perhaps getting the best view
of the phenomenon was Chauncey
Uphoff, who operates a farm on
highway 15 four miles east of
Fairfield and his guest that evening, Mike Hill, operator of the
Hill cleaning plant here.

Said Mr. Uphoff, "Mike and I
were sitting in the yard talking
and we hadn't had a drop to
drink." Mr. Uphoff noted looking
up and seeing the object clearly.
"Did you turn your porch light on
looks like a big diamond." It
ran inside and called the police
station.

Lights Went Out

"When I got back, Mike said,
'Look there, here comes something
else.' It's a fat plane.' And sure
enough there was another object
but it didn't have blinker lights
like a plane would have. The
object suddenly saw, the diamond
shape changed to a different
shape, like a plane or whatever it
was, the lights on the diamond
went out.

Circuit Clerk James Wilson said
he and members of his family saw
the strange light Wednesday
night. His son saw it first.

Lawyer Dick Cosman said he
and some guests at their home

*SHE SWOOPED AROUND WITH LIGHTNING LIKE SPEED," said Chauncey Uphoff (left) demonstrating the action with his hand to his viewing partner, Mike Hill, when they discussed the We

[Rest of text is partially illegible or cut off]


- page 95 -

Here is the text from the document:

Wayne County
(Published Semi-Weekly - Monday and Thursday Afternoons)
(In County $4.00 per year. Out of County $5.00 per year.)
THURSDAY, AUGUST 8th, 1963 FAIRFIELD, ILLINOIS

Sky Story Gains Momentum
Near Strange Object Is Seen

[Image caption] DROPPED AROUND WITH LIGHTNING-LIKE SPEED, said Chauncey Uphoff (left) as he discussed with his hand on his viewing partner, Mike Hill, when they discussed the Wednesday morning incident.

[The rest of the text on the page is partially illegible due to the image quality, with only fragments of text visible. Some words and sentences can be partially made out, but not enough to confidently reproduce the full text.]

The image shows two people discussing something, with one person gesturing with his hand while talking.


- page 96 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Lights Went Out

"Look there, here comes something else," it's a jet plane." And sure enough, a jet plane came over. But it didn't have blinker lights like a jet. Anyway, the diamond object suddenly drew around to where the plane could be seen and then the lights went out.

"When I got back," Mike said, "the object suddenly was gone. And then the jet plane, which was, the lights on the diamond object went out. After the plane passed, there it was again. And then the light changed to a different color. It was a bright red light toward us with lightning like speed and at this point it looked like a kite with a long tail. Quickly it circled back to the south and went out of sight. We saw it in the heavens at about a 45 degree angle over what would be the village of Merriam. Finally it disappeared.

Lawyer Dick Cochran said he and some guests at their home were at their home Monday about 9 p. m. Monday. He said he believed it was one of the same objects Mr. Uphoff saw.

Meanwhile at their home north of Keenes, the Orval Austin family remained steadfast in their story Tuesday night. The Press was unable to reach Mr. and Mrs. Austin, or son Ronnie Thursday today, but it did interview Mr. Austin's mother and father, who live nearby, Mr. and Mrs. Ebbie Austin.

When told by the reporter that their son, Orval had been quoted as saying he saw a UFO, Mrs. Austin wished that he'd been called... that he didn't think said, he was scared that something had scared him." Then she quoted her son as replying, "Oh, yes, it would be a terrible thing."

She asked the Press to correct a statement published Monday to the effect that she had her grandson down. She said the statement was

(Continued on Page 6)

Others Saw It!

Mr. and Mrs. Bill Short, 300 Lakeview Drive saw it too! "They witnessed a strange object in the sky Wednesday evening about 9:00 Wednesday evening. Mrs. Short told the Press, "It was a large circular brilliant light, with four or five projections sticking out. In the atmosphere they use for going deep down into the sea, a round ball with metal projections sticking out."

Mrs. Short went inside her house to call the Press Editor and by the time she got back outside, the strange object was gone. The shorts and a neighbor lady at one point heard a jet plane go by in the sky, and believed for a time that the object might have been this plane.

Mr. and Mrs. Perry Padgett, 306 North First, told a Press reporter of seeing a strange aerial link in the sky at about 9 o'clock Wednesday evening. "I looked the size of a large ball of brilliant light, with strange aerial link, or projection sticking out," Mr. Padgett said, and by the time the Padgetts got to Geff it was up over their car. Then it disappeared. As to what it looked like, Mrs. Padgett said it was a round object with a blinding light beams sticking out.

Circuit Clerk James Wilson said he and members of his family saw the strange light Wednesday night. He said it frightened his little daughter until she cried. At times, he said, it looked like a large ball of light with an illuminated tail. He declared it wasn't anything imagined by the group... that they really saw it.

The text continues but is cut off at the bottom of the page.


- page 97 -

Here is the text from the document:

NOTES ON SAUCER
(Continued from Page 1)

that he was "in a state of shock."
The Austin has received many
calls about the incident.

Deputy Sheriff Harry Lee was
called by an Army Intelligence Officer from Chicago and questioned
extensively about the object seen
in Bonne Austin. In western
Wayne county Sunday night. The
officer said he would probably
be in Fairfield for the purpose of
questioning of those seeing the object that night.

The deputy sheriff on Wednesday night was telephoned by
Air Force Intelligence agents
from Scott Field and one officer
at Scott Field Thursday afternoon to question persons about the object and objects
seen in the Wayne county area
since Sunday night.

Deputy Lee said he had received
over 50 telephone calls and letters from newspapers, TV stations and cranks, with information and questions about the mysterious objects. A man at Addison,
Ill., wanted to swap information
about the object, as he had gone
through a similar experience himself. This man may come here.

Another man, Harold Solem,
from Evanston, emphatically declared in a letter to Deputy Lee
that it was an Unidentified Flying
Object from another planet. "I
wish I could have been in your
shoes and saw that object Sunday
night," Mr. Solem wrote. The
Evanston man declared the people
in these "ships" are not hostile to
us, are exceptionally religious and
highly learned, far ahead of us
and coming from a planet situated here are from a larger
mother ship. He said the saucers
require no fuel, operate on magnetism, coming from Venus, Mars
and other planets. He said they
heard our signals in connection
with their contact efforts from
World War II days and thought we
were in trouble, so came down to
see what our trouble was. Actually, Mr. Solem added, solemnly,
there are non-earth people already here and with us, but we
know it.

Musgrave and a Bramer
boy from the Boyleston area reported to Deputy Sheriff Lee
sighting a lighted object, four to
five times the size of a star, going
west to west and "really moving."


- page 98 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

"there are non-earth people al-
ready here and with us, but we
don't know them."

Butch Musgrave and a Bramer
from the Boyleston area re-
ported to Deputy Sheriff Lee
sighting a lighted object, four to
five times the size of a star, going
from east to west and "really mov-
ing." This was about 9 p.m. too.

Also from the Boyleston area,
including Raymond L. Owen, at
about dusk sighted a big bright
light—"as big as a desk"—speed-
ing across the sky. "It was going
fast," Mr. Owen told the re-
don't know." Mr. Owen told the
press.

After the reports came in at
nine o'clock Wednesday evening
of new "flying saucers" sighted,
Deputy Lee maintained a lookout
for some time. State police 12A
headquarters, dispatched Trooper
Al Lane, of Fairfield, in search for
the lighted objects. None were
sighted for the remainder of the
evening.

"God's intervention to save this
country." That's the description
given the strange flying objects in
the sky by a colored Washington,
D.C. minister, Rev. Charles Beck,
said to be bishop for a Cross In
The Sky church in the nation's
capital. Rev. Beck called the Press
Tuesday afternoon from Miami, Fla.

Wanting to know details of
the incident involving the Austin
boy. He asked for a copy of the
Press carrying the story.

Rev. Beck told of an occurrence
at Ft. Lauderdale, Fla., recently
where a strange lighted cross
floated into a motel room, awake-
ning a woman and her two child-
ren. This lighted cross floated
through the window and back up into the
sky. Rev. Beck told the Press.

Rev. Beck said he would pay
$200 to $300 for Austin to go to
Washington for a radio interview.
He said he would like to get a
cultural attache for the Ghana dele-
gation to the United Nations
broadcasts over a UBC radio net-
work, have several churches in
eastern United States.

Rev. Beck said "we're being
observed by other planets and said
he had collected considerable in-
formation on the subject of un-
identified flying objects. He said
our present racial troubles may be
involved with the appearances of
these strange flying objects."

The Washington, D.C. minister
plans to come to Fairfield next
Wednesday to talk with the Austin
family.


- page 99 -

Here is the text from the document:

Air Force Solves
Lights Mystery
Explanation: Moon, Jupiter,
'Fireball' and Jet Bomber

The Air Force has come up with an explanation for those strange lights spotted around Fairfield, Ill. in recent weeks.

According to investigators, it was all the work of the moon, along with the planet Jupiter.

"Fireball" and a jet bomber refueling is mistaken.

The information was released after a team, headed by Lt. Col. Robert Friend of the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio, interviewed many residents in Fairfield and surrounding Wayne County who saw the lights.

ONE resident, Ronnie Austin, told investigators a mysterious light followed him while driving his car with his girl friend.

Later Ronnie's parents and others saw the light hovering over the Austin home. Ronnie actually saw in his auto that night was the moon, partly hidden by fog.

The Air Force experts said: "The light near the Austin home was Jupiter, which was low on the horizon and five times brighter than any star."

A state trooper called by the excited Austin farm family said he saw a falling light.

It was a "fireball" or "falling star" burning up in the earth's atmosphere, the Air Force explained, adding it happens many times a year.

The experts also had a relatively tame explanation for the site-shaped light that lit up Chauncey Upchurch's yard Aug. 7. It was seen by Upchurch's friend Mike Hill.

That was a jet bomber and a tanker in a refueling operation. The fuel hose was what looked like the kite's tail.

Air Force Probes
'Mystery Light'
Special to The Daily News

WAYNE CITY, Ill.—An Air Force intelligence officer was expected here Thursday to investigate a huge dazzling light in the sky which frightened a Wayne County farm family.

He will question the 15 to 20 persons who reported seeing the light nearly Monday, then again Tuesday and Dr. Allen Hyneck of North western University.

Mike Hill, 37, operator of a Fairfield cleaning plant, said the object "looked like a kite affair with a long tail in the sky."

"At the present stage, we don't know what this light was," said Dr. Hyneck from Evanston.

There have been cases of ball lightning, which lasted 15 seconds at most. But I don't think this caused the light."

RONNIE Austin, 18, told officials the mystery light pursued his car while he drove a girl home from a drive-in movie at Mount Vernon.

The light was reportedly spotted again Wednesday night by residents of Fairfield, 17 miles east of here.

Fairfield police, the Wayne County sheriff and state police all said they were "baffled."

Callers reported the light about 300 feet off the ground.


- page 100 -

