PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
29 July 1963

2. LOCATION
Potomac, Maryland

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2005
GMT 29/01052

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
[X] No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One/two

9. COURSE
Stationary

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
[X] Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object observed at sunset by three college professors. Object moved behind clouds during observation. Appeared as a bright point of light. Slightly brighter than Sirius. Extremely slow singular motion. Speed regular. Emphasis on point of light. Speed computed at 6 sec of arc per min. Object close to moon (3 deg). Witness has Phd in PE, MS in physics.

11. COMMENTS
Contact with NCAR revealed that object was possible balloon.

ATIC FORM 164 (REV 26 SEP 59)


- page 1 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW
SUBJECT: Evaluation of UFO Sighting (Dr [redacted])

7 NOV 1963

TO: Hq USAF SAF-OIPB (Mrs Gaiser)
Wash 25 D C

The following information is provided in order that you may answer
Dr [redacted] of Potomac, Maryland (phone [redacted]), regarding
his sighting of 29 Jul 63.

a. We apologize for the delay in replying. No apparent explanation was available when we received the information of his sightings.

b. A copy of his report was sent to Dr J Allen Hynek of Northwestern University. Subsequent investigation resulted in contact with Mr Vince Lally of the National Center for Atmospheric Research at Boulder, Colorado.

c. On 24 Jul 63 three research balloons were launched from Palestine, Texas. These balloons carried an instrument package with an automatic triggering device to separate this package after 120 hours of flight. Two of the packages were recovered. The third balloon was tracked across the United States, up into Canada, back down through Maine and New Hampshire. After 102 hours the track was lost with the balloon heading Southwest toward the Eastern coastal states. The estimated continued flight would place the balloon in the vicinity of Maryland at the time of his sighting. The package from this balloon was not recovered. Since this package was not recovered, we cannot positively identify the object in his sighting as this balloon. However, all other aspects of the case indicate that this is a possible cause of the sighting.

d. We are attaching two articles from the Science Newsletter, indicating the establishment of the above program.

e. Should Dr [redacted] desire further information regarding this program, he may contact Mr Vince Lally at Boulder, Colorado.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
ERIC T de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

Atch
a/s


- page 2 -

November 13, 1963

Dear Dr. [redacted]

We must apologize for the delay in answering you concerning your report sighting of July 29, 1963. A copy of your report was sent to Dr. J. Allen Hynek of Northwestern University for his evaluation, and a subsequent investigation resulted in our contacting Mr. Vince Lally of the National Center for Atmospheric Research at Boulder, Colorado.

Investigation reveals that on July 24, 1963 three research balloons were launched from Palestine, Texas. These balloons carried an instrument package with an automatic triggering device to separate the package after 120 hours of flight. Two of the packages were recovered. The third balloon was tracked across the United States. In the United States, up into Canada, back down through Maine and New Hampshire. After 102 hours the track was lost with the balloon heading southwest toward the eastern coastal states. The estimated continued flight would place the balloon in the Maryland vicinity at the time of your sighting. The package from this balloon was not recovered and therefore we cannot positively identify your sighting as this particular balloon even though all other aspects of the case indicate that this was the possible cause.

We are attaching two articles from the Science Newsletter indicating the establishment of the above program. Should you desire any further information on the program, you may desire to contact Mr. Vince Lally at Boulder, Colorado.

Sincerely,
MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Enclosure

Dr. [redacted]
Potomac, Maryland


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
29     July     1963

2. Time of day: 8     8:70 to 15
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern     a. Daylight Saving
               b. Central         b. Standard
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted]     Rockville     Md.
Nearest Postal Address     City or Town     State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
               10
Hours     Minutes     Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?     watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?     Yes     No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy
                    AT SUNSET
                    Sky clear until clouds came

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
              b. In back of you      e. Overhead
              c. To your right       f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight - 1/2 moon
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds (visually faint)
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter, slightly
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Slightly brighter than Sirius

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Columns for Yes/No/Don't know are marked, with most answers being "No" or "Don't know"]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
almost him went (a point) went in a obscured.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: clouds

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: none
b. Color: bright point source

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
more (point source)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
point light source only.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten text appears to read "Bright Stars"]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
no

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
VPI
Blacksburg, Va

Mr.
CPD (univ, EE)
Johns Hopkins Univ
Baltimore, Md.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS Potomac City
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 42 SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Ph.D, EE
M.S, Physics
Manager, Technical Requirements, Federal Systems Div.
of IBM Corp.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[This section is blank]


- page 9 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   3 Aug. 63
                                                    Day    Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Relation of bright object to moon shown in cut.
To Q. 28, p.5. When first seen, object was
moon's diameter (±°) above moon. During succeeding
10 minutes of time, object moved at what appeared
to C. under low velocity though 1° of arc, to
weighty west, but slightly higher.

Testbmony:
Please furnish any conclusion you
have concerning identity of this object.

Sincerely yours,
Potomac, Md.


- page 10 -

ITEM I
Request for Evaluation of UFO (Dr. ________)

Hq USAF, SAV-01 3b (Mrs. Wells)
Wash 25 DC

1. Dr. ________ of Potomac, Maryland (phone ________) sighted an unidentified flying object on 29 July 1963, and the report of his sighting was forwarded to us on PID Form 164. Dr. _________ requested that he be notified of the conclusions concerning the case.

2. At this time, we are unable to evaluate the sighting. A copy of the report has been forwarded to Dr. J. Allen Byack of Northwestern University, Dr. ________ will be contacted in the near future.

3. Additional witnesses to this sighting are Dr. ________, Dr. V.P.L. Blackburn, Virginia and Mr. ________ of Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems


- page 11 -

