The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 23 JUN 63
2. DATE-TIME GROUP: LOCAL 2200
3. LOCATION: North Branford, Conn.
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 8 Ground-Visual
5. DURATION: 3 min.
6. DESCRIPTION: Obj appearing as a bright white light. Erratic motion. Changed brightness. No trail. Disappeared behind clouds; circular shape. Motion included reverse direction. Same alt. (angle of elevation). No sound.
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 min.
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Obj appearing as a bright white light. Erratic motion. Changed brightness. No trail. Disappeared behind clouds; circular shape. Motion included reverse direction. Same alt. (angle of elevation). No sound.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a filled-out questionnaire form.

Transcribing the text from the form:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 5,000 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES NO 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other 

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a 
b. In the residential section of a 
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over the country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No 
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.  Light round or oyster shaped object (estimate size 12-15 feet diameter) brilliant white light, no trail or exhaust.

- page 2 -

The image contains a sketch or diagram, but no photograph. The text in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how low the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

Reverse Direction

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book UFO report.

Produced text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
no

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)  Yes  No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)  Yes  No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.  
L. Egee  
Chapel, Corner of Harrison Road
CT

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: 
Last/Name: Egee  First Name: L.  Middle: 
ADDRESS: Street:  
Town: N. Branford  State: CT  Zip: 
TELEPHONE NUMBER:
AGE: 15 SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be relevant:
(1) I saw a bright light like a shooting star, which changed directions.
(2) Saw a movie about men testing a new secret aircraft.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
10 April 1963 to Air Force

- page 4 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, but it does not contain any photographs. The text on the page appears to be handwritten responses to a questionnaire.

The transcribed text from the document is as follows:

"The object was without fear. Moved back and forth about the same way sea jelly brush and then was gone up with no sound of air. So say that people did not hear anything of the deal."

- page 5 -

The image contains a handwritten report describing the sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO) on June 28, 1963 in North Branford, Connecticut. The report states that the object was circular in shape, with a white color, and was observed at an altitude of around 500 feet. The object was described as having a "saucer-bright, oval" appearance and was visible for a short period of time.

OCR output:

Names: ANDREA CIRCLF DRIVE CARDRESS
Address: 
Date: June 28, 1963, Date of Observation: Seer First CIRCLE at NTS CIRCLF DRIVE CARDRESS
Time: (EST)
Altitude: Above Around 500 FT
Appearance: Saucer bright, Oval shape, White in Color. 
Weather and Sky Conditions: Shy, night, chilly, coldiers. 
Size: Man was full. 
Apparent Size: Big as half ball. 
Motion: Went forward, back wards. Became brighter after awhile.
Saucer Appeared to be Self Luminous: No
Was Not Transgent No
Confirmed by Mr.___, Circle Drive,____

- page 6 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report. There is no photograph present on this particular page. 

Text found on the document:
A. - Tech Report - Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio.
EW Llfo

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with text describing the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

Text extracted from the document:

Saucer just moved forward and back until it just disappeared before our eyes
Saucer was near car very close 
General remark: 1 got real bright light beams coming out of it
Could not have been searchlight playing in a nearly invisible sky
Sent by Circle Drive North Branford Conn
to
Circle Drive North Branford, Conn.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO 
ATTN OF: TDEW

UFO Sighting (28 Jun 64, North Branford, Connecticut) 15 JUL

TO: Hq USAF SAFOI PO (Mrs Geisler)
Wash D C 20330

This office has received an unidentified flying object report from ... of Circle Drive, North Branford, Connecticut, on the sighting of a bright light in the sky on 28 June 1964. For additional information, such as time of observation and how long the object was observed.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE 
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank page with only a handwritten caption at the top that reads "DRIVE DRIVE END AREA NEW CONN.".

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

DRIVE DRIVE END AREA NEW CONN.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as complete information as possible regarding serial phenomena. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any system that indicates the need for further investigation, and if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 2 Day / Mar / 1963 Year
2. Time of day: 11:30 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Cliff Rd, N. Branford, Conn. Nearest Postal Address City or Town State
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 1 Minutes 30 Seconds
6a. Condition of the sky? Bright 
6b. Bright
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In back of you b. To your right c. Overhead d. To your left e. In front of you

FTO Form 164 This form supersedes AF 790, Jul 51, which is obsolete. 

- page 11 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, that contains a questionnaire or form to be filled out by a witness.

Text extracted from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
11.1 Comparison brightness to some common objects:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Give off smoke?
d. Change brightness? 
e. Change shape?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page appears to be a questionnaire or form with various questions about an unidentified object observed.

The text found in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) YES NO Don't Know. IF you answered YES, the object moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) YES NO Don't Know. IF you answered YES, the object moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object. If you had performed this experiment at the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch of the object the way you saw such as wings, portraction, etc., and especially indicate which way or where the object was moving. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 13 -

