The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card, which is a document used to record details about a reported UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 14 Dec 1962
2. LOCATION: Annandale, Virginia
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 5:22 PM
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. DURATION: 5 Air Visual
6. DESCRIPTION:     Bright flash
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 seconds
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: Military
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Object moving through sky, appeared to be two objects converging to one. Bright flash seen, intensity decreased. Witness observed object at that time.
11. COMMENTS: Probably meteor.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Probably meteor, possibly balloon, possibly aircraft, possibly space debris, possibly astronomia

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with handwritten text visible.

34. Qve you completed this questionnaire:
___Day ___Month ___ Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the
questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The handwritten text on the page provides a narrative explanation of the UFO sighting, describing the object observed and the witness's experience.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it is a scanned document with text.

The text in the document is as follows:

December 27, 1963

Dear Colonel _____,

This is in reference to the unidentified sighting you reported to this headquarters earlier this month.

Your observation was discussed with Dr. J. Allen Hynek, professor of Astronomy at Northwestern University, and it is his opinion that the sighting was probably an astronomical phenomenon and he sees no reason to believe that the object observed was other than natural in origin.

The opinion that the sighting was probably astronomical in nature is substantiated by the fact that, as you stated, the object was stationary until it disappeared, which would be characteristic of a star or planet.

This, however, a further trail can be conducted as you suggest, if unusual circumstances indicate the necessity for additional investigation.

The speed of this object, as estimated by the duration of the sighting and 39 degrees of arc it traversed, is consistent with astronomical observations.

As appreciates your reporting this sighting since the Air Force is always interested in unusual aerial phenomena.

Sincerely,

HASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Chief, Information Division

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed document from the Foreign Technology Division of the U.S. Air Force containing an evaluation of a UFO sighting. The text in the document is:

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW

SUBJECT: Evaluation of UFO Sighting (Lt Col [redacted])

TO: HQ USAF SAC-OITS (Mrs Geiser)
WASH 25 D C

The following information is provided to assist you in preparing a letter to Lt Colonel [redacted], Asheville, Virginia:

a. The observation of Colonel [redacted] was discussed with Doctor J. Allen Hynek, professor of astronomy at Northwestern University, member of Deparment of Defense Observatory and USAF consultant.

b. Dr Hynek is of the opinion that the sighting was probably caused by a meteor. While unusual, vapor trails do appear to oscillate and diminish as observed. A meteor trail is not on common as a steady or continuous trail and can be masked at times by glare from the setting sun.

c. The speed of this meteor as estimated by the duration of 2 seconds and 20 degrees of arc distance is consistent with this analysis.

FOR THE COMMANDER
[redacted]
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire that was likely used to gather information about a reported UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you observed. Your name will not be used in connection with any publication or public release without your permission. We request this information to be that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? Day 7 Month 5 Year 63
2. Time of day: 7:00 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? LYNCHBURG, VA
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was it first determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes _X_ No ___
6. What was the condition of the sky? 
a. DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy
b. NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form for the observer to fill out with details about the UFO sighting.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy 
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STAR? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off sparks? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or blink? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something, or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES NO Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES NO Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Size - indeterminate
b. Color - grayish

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or coin's length in line with a known object, and compare the size of the object to the match stick or coin. If you had performed this test, please describe the results of your sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match stick or coin.
indeterminate

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially unusual traits or vapor trails. Please be sure to indicate the direction the object was moving.
(No drawing provided)

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions about a UFO sighting.

Project Blue Book was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports between 1952 and 1969.

Text from the form:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. An airplane (type)
e. Boat
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the details of what you observed, especially when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as if a object visible to us.

- page 8 -

The image contains a sketch and a compass-like illustration, but no photograph. 

The text in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place a "A" on the curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you first saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place a "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document, possibly a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME 
Last Name  First Name  Middle Name
ADDRESS Street  City  Zone  State
TELEPHONE NUMBER 
AGE  SEX 
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Observed 3 objects, 2 on ground, 1 in air, last seen an hour ago - went back look today

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day  Month  Year

- page 10 -

