The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and investigations.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 22 June 1963
2. LOCATION: Beavercreek, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 22/23102
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. DURATION OF OBSERVATION: 10-15 minutes
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10-15 minutes
8. DESCRIBE OF OBJECTS: Balloon with haze around it, observed through 8x. Metallic and smaller than real balloon, climbing out of sight, becoming smaller and smaller, observed in NE
9. COURSE: East
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Object appearing like a balloon with haze around it, observed through 8x. Metallic and smaller than real balloon, climbing out of sight, becoming smaller and smaller, observed in NE
11. COMMENTS: Object moving with wind. Balloon. Description including ascent and flight conform with this analysis.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Probable Balloon. Weather conditions and motion indicate conventional aircraft. Possibly Aircraft. Possibly natural Phenomenon. Insufficient Data for Evaluation. Unknown.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to collect information about unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes and will be treated as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 6-8-1963
2. Time of day: 9:30 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Beavercreek, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? 2 minutes. 5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy c. Clear / NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting or observation.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
a.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

a.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark 
d. Don't remember

9. THE OBJECT APPEARED: 
(Circle One):
a. As a light
b. Shiny
c. Dark
d. Don't remember

10. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS?

11. DID THE OBJECT:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?                 Yes    No    Don't Know
b. Move slowly?                                     Yes    No    Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode?                   Yes    No    Don't Know
d. Give off smoke?                                  Yes    No    Don't Know
e. Change brightness?                               Yes    No    Don't Know
f. Change shape?                                    Yes    No    Don't Know
g. Leave a trail?                                   Yes    No    Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear?                           Yes    No    Don't Know

12. DID THE OBJECT MOVE BEHIND SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circle One):
Yes     No     Don't Know
If moved behind, tell what:

13. DID THE OBJECT MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD? 
(Circle One):
Yes    No    Don't Know
If in front of, tell what:

14. DID THE OBJECT APPEAR: 
(Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't Know

15. DID YOU OBSERVE THE OBJECT THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING?
a. Eyeglasses                Yes    No
b. Binoculars               Yes    No
c. Sun glasses               Yes    No
d. Windshield                Yes    No
e. Window glass              Yes    No
f. Telescope                 Yes    No
g. Theodolite                Yes    No
h. Other

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound - Apparent motionless
b. Color - Bright metallic to reddish-orange

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Other Apparent metallic object

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

OCR Text Output:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Apparent motionless
b. Color - Bright metallic to reddish-orange

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star 
c. Sharply outlined
d. Other Apparent metallic object

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document, likely related to Project Blue Book, with questions and instructions. The text content is as follows:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OUTPUT OF TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Relaxing in yard watching UNID object floating past

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. Southwest f. West g. Northwest h. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (compass direction), how to describe the direction the object was moving?
31.1 From true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
a. From true North _95_ degrees. 
b. From horizon _7___ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ___70__ degrees.
b. From horizon _______degrees.

- page 6 -

The image contains three sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line to depict the horizon (skyline) and an object above it, along with annotations indicating the position and altitude of the object. The second and third sketches show wider views of a landscape, with people or figures present in the second sketch.

Text from the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon, (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon, (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Facing N.E.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:
34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear 
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One) 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day May Year 1963

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[redacted] 

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[no response]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten response:] A round shaped object, hovering above the trees for some time, then seemed to dart away at an extremely high speed. This was a most unusual sight and it was not any known aircraft or craft.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from the Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes     No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
Age: [Redacted]  Sex: [Redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
Witness informed further by letter.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
9 - day -  6 - month - 63 - year

- page 9 -

