PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
15 June 1963

2. LOCATION
Dallas-Ft Worth, Texas

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local 1100-1200

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes, 16 slides

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not applicable

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
several

9. COURSE
N/A

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Sixteen slides of objects taken from an amusement park known as "Six Flags" over Texas. Photos taken in clear weather between 11 and 12 with Bell and Howell having a zoom lens. Slides showed several light spots. Photos returned to source.

11. COMMENTS
Photo analysis of slides indicates that the lights or objects were moving with the gondola in which the photographer was riding. This indicates that the object is attached to the equipment.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Checkboxes include:
- Was Balloon
- Possibly Balloon
- Was Aircraft
- Probably Aircraft
- Possibly Aircraft
- Was Astronomical
- Probably Astronomical
- Possibly Astronomical
- Other (Equipment Insufficient Data for Evaluation)


- page 1 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TDEW
UFO Report                                                                5 August 1963

Hq USAF SAF-01 3b (Mrs. Wells)
Wash 35 DC

1. The attached letters received from AFMIE and -------, request photo analysis of the thirteen slides taken at "Six Flags Over Texas" amusement park located between Dallas and Fort Worth, Texas.

2. The objects in the photographic slides are analyzed as follows: In the series of frames concerned there is an actual object moving upward and to the left across the frames. One and another body of similar object unidentifiable due to blur. Another cylindrical and small object attached as its speed is the same as the main body. There are probably parts of the equipment in which the photographer was riding.

3. Should further analysis be desired, additional information concerning the lift, the gondola, and amusement park rides in the vicinity of the lift is necessary. If the information in paragraph two (2) above does not satisfy your request, it is requested that the complete file be forwarded to us for analysis.

4. The slides are being returned with this letter per your request.

FOR THE COMMANDER

/s/ Robert J. Friend, 5 Aug 63
Col. T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF                                                              1 Atch
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems                                       1 Ltr fm AFMIE, dtd 25
                                                                           Jul 63, Subj: Unidentified
                                                                           Flying Object w/1 Atch
                                                                           2. Ltr fm -------, 
                                                                           dtd 30 Jul 63.


- page 2 -

Lt HQ USAF (AFNIE), 25 Jul 63, Unidentified Flying Object
1st Ind (TDDPA)                                                   29 Jul 63
Hq FTD, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

TO: HQ USAF (AFNIE), Wash 25, D.C.                                TDEW

1. In the series of frames concerned there is an actual object moving
upward and to the left across the frames. Above and attached to the
main body by some type of shaft is a smaller object unidentifiable due
to blur. Another cylindrical and missile shaped object is below the
main body and is probably attached as its speed is the same as the
body.

2. More information concerning the lift, the gondola, and amusement
rides in the vicinity of the lift would help in the analysis. It is
also requested that the complete film be forwarded before a full
analysis is made.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
L. HERMAN
Deputy for
Engineering Support

1 Atch n/c

2                               FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

This case includes two (2) photographic pages of narrative.

16 Miles ATC missing.
22 Jan 75


- page 4 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:    APNIFE

SUBJECT:    Unidentified Flying Object

TO:    PTSD

1. Transmitted are 13 slides duplicated from 8mm motion picture film. These slides show the alleged flight of an unidentified flying object photographed at an amusement park known as "Six Flags Over Texas" which is located between Dallas and Fort Worth, Texas.

2. All known facts pertaining to this photography are as follows:
    a. Date: - - - - - - Approximately 15 June 1963.
    b. Time of Day: - - - Between 1100 and 1200 hours.
    c. Type of Camera: - - Bell and Howell (model unknown)
    d. Type of lens: - - - Zoom lens (make and model unknown)
    e. Sky: - - - - - - Clear.
    f. Frames per second: - Believed to be 16 per second.

    g. The photographer was located in a ski-tow type gondola-swing. Principal object photographed was the "Six Flags Lift" shown in the background of the photos.

3. The prints were made at Lackland Park, San Antonio, Texas, and submitted to AFMTPE for evaluation.

4. Request you submit an evaluation of this UFO report to AFMIBEA as soon as possible.

5. Is attempting to obtain additional information concerning this photography and will forward it to Col Friend. Please return the slides to Capt Fursley upon completion of your evaluation.

FOR THE CHIEF OF STAFF

1 Atch
Six Stars Over Texas Slides (13 Prints)
Copy to APGC


- page 5 -

Fort Rucker, Alabama
30 July 1963

Lt Col Robert J. Friend
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Dear Sir:

This letter is in regard to some film that I loaned to Lt Col Bacman at the Pentagon which was to be forwarded to you.

I have written my father regarding the additional data that Lt Col Bacman said you would require: The additional information I received is as follows: Wave of camera, model type, type lens (other than zoom), focal length, position of sun in reference to the scene, and another condition. I will forward this information as soon as it is received.

If you should need to contact my father, his address is as follows:

[Redacted address in San Antonio, Texas]

Captain, Infantry


- page 6 -

August 9, 1963

Dear Captain:

The attached 13 slides, which were forwarded to the Foreign Technology Division, have been evaluated as follows: In the series of frames concerned there is an object moving upward and to the left across the frames. Above and attached to the main body by some type of shaft is a smaller object unidentifiable due to blur. Another cylindrical and missile shaped object is below the main body and is probably attached as it appears in the same area. Therefore, the objects photographed are probably parts of the equipment in which the photographer was riding.

Sincerely,

Attachments                                 MASTON M. JACKS
                                            Major, USAF
                                            Public Information Division
                                            Office of Information

Fort Rucker, Ala.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

7 August 1963

Lt Colonel Robert T. Friend
TDDE
Foreign Technology Division
Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio

Dear Sir:

Reference my previous letter concerning additional information for the UFO pictures forwarded to you from Lt Colonel Bachmann. The following is the information requested:

a. Make of Camera: Bell & Howell Zoomatic with perpetua electric eye, vermat

b. Model No: A. J. 76805

c. Type of Lens: f1.8 to 22

d. Focal Length: 9mm to 36mm (Three positions - wide angle, normal and telephoto. My Father believes he was using wide angle.)

e. Time of Day: Between 1100 and 1300 hours

f. Position of Sun: High over head, probably slightly to the rear. Photographer was traveling West to East

g. Weather Conditions: High thin scattered clouds

If I can be of further assistance in this matter I will be happy to do anything possible.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]
Captain, Infantry


- page 8 -

