PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
5 Dec 1963

2. LOCATION
Congers, N.Y.

3. DAYTIME GROUP
Local 0726
GMT 05/1963Z

4. PHOTOS
Φ Yes
□ No

5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
□ Ground-Visual
□ Air-Visual

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
SSE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Solid object, orange sharply outlined observed
to fly by main road. No sound. Observed
from school bus on way to school. Elevation
angle 30 to 45 deg. Object moved from S to
SSE at 90 deg. Requested form from
ATIC on 25 October 1963. Finally saw something
on 5 Dec 1963.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other... Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Probable h/c sighting, however, there
are inconsistencies in report, since
object could not be observed initially
at 90 deg. Also only one additional
witness. Sent for form prior to
sighting.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Blank spaces for Day, Month, Year]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
[Blank text box]

Page 7 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 2 -

Congers, New York
October 25, 1963 7:00AM

Dear Sirs:

Could you please send me more information on UFO's? And also a UFO questionnaire, (US Air Force Technical Information Sheet)

Thank You


- page 3 -

There is very little text visible on this page. The only text I can discern is a small curved line of text near the top of the page, but it is too illegible to read with certainty.


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
8   12   63
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day:    1    26
                Hour   Minutes
(Circle One):   A.M.   or   P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One):   a. Eastern
                b. Central
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

(Circle One):   a. Daylight Saving
                b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Congers   Congers   NY   Rock
Nearest First Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
                Hours   Minutes   30   Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure
5.1 How was time in sight determined?   Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):   a. In front of you   d. To your left
                b. In back of you    e. Overhead
                c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 5 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Translucent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[Handwritten response appears to be "No"]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes | No | Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [Handwritten response is partially illegible]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes | No | Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: [No response]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - [Handwritten response is illegible]
b. Color - [Handwritten response is illegible]

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[Handwritten response appears to be "A little"]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
[A hand-drawn sketch shows an oval/elliptical shape with additional arrows indicating movement]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. in the business section of a city?
b. in the residential section of a city?
c. in open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South
b. Northeast             d. Southwest            f. Southwest
                                                  g. West
                                                  h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time whilst you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses           Yes   No     e. Binoculars         Yes   No
b. Sun glasses          Yes   No     f. Telescope          Yes   No
c. Windshield           Yes   No     g. Theodolite         Yes   No
d. Window glass         Yes   No     h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 8 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "X" on the area curved line to show how high this object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the compass to show where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes     No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes     No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS                 Congers     N.Y.
TELEPHONE NUMBER                    AGE            SEX

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    Day             Month             Year


- page 10 -

