PROJECT 1003 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
2 August 1963

2. LOCATION
Morehead, Kentucky

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local 2000

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

GMT 03/0100Z

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 seconds

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Three objects attached to or flying with a/c
A/C wings and tail as well as other features
could be identified. Objects appeared to be no
lights or probes and estimated to be from
50 to 100 ft from the a/c. One object trailing
and the other one to port and one to
starboard off wingtips. Single engine jet
type a/c assumed to be military. Plane low.
Objects did not emit light.

□ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual
□ Air-Intercept Radar

7. SOURCE
Civilian

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
three

9. COURSE
N/I

11. COMMENTS
MFMF low level test route passes over
this area heading NW on the final leg
to WRAPG. Possible test vehicle from
this base. Objects attached to/or
associated with the a/c, not separate
from plane.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
■ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
■ Objects attached to a/c
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 164 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Within 5 to 10 Degrees of Descent

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ABOUT A MILE

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No    e. Binoculars    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No    f. Telescope    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No    g. Theodolite    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No    h. Other ______________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects, which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
[Partially illegible handwritten text at bottom of page]


- page 2 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw. Place a "C" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 4
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
My Mother - Mrs.                Some witness
My Father - Mr.                 Some witness

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS                         Morehead     City    Zone    Ky    State
TELEPHONE NUMBER                AGE 19    SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?    Air Force


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Blank fields for Day, Month, Year]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[Handwritten text, partially legible]:
Gentlemen:

It seems fitting that out here behind you in some way. However since the sighting took place almost 3 months ago, I am afraid the details. Come colors keep on my mind. Certain questions I have tried to draw almost in way at one time almost. So am in favor of them. If the time almost, so am more concerned that most of these information as could be in the sighting and it was quite a considerable.

Yours truly,
[Name redacted with black bar]


- page 5 -

Route Chart

Routes Flown Very/VFR on Top Days

Days of Week Used:
Aircraft
Surrounding Cities
Targer Cities
Radar Bomb Scoring Sites

The image shows a map of the United States with various flight routes and locations marked. The map includes state names and appears to be a route chart for some kind of aerial operation or study.


- page 6 -

November 20, 1963

Dear Mr. [redacted]

The sighting of August 2, 1963 which you reported to the Air Force has been evaluated as probably objects attached to a test aircraft. This has not been confirmed.

The Wright-Patterson Air Force Base low-level test route passes over Morehead, Kentucky, heading northwest on its final leg to Wright-Patterson. It is possible that this was a test vehicle from this Base.

Thank you for reporting this sighting to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
Morehead, Kentucky


- page 7 -

Morehead, Ky.
August 2, 1963

Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen,

After making a sighting of an unidentified flying object on 7/27/63, I have almost nightly observed the sky in an effort to again see the light, with no success. However this evening at about 8:00 P.M. (EST) while trimming the yard my mother called my attention to a jet aircraft which I had heard but had not looked up to see. In the growing darkness I could not ascertain if the plane was military or civilian, but took for granted it was military because it was single engine. Behind the plane and off the starboard and port wingtips were three objects which seemed to match the speed of the jet. Being able to distinguish the wings and tail of the plane I estimated the objects to be from 50 to 100 feet from the plane. The aircraft and objects were not in view more than 30 seconds, but were visible the whole time before a hill obstructed the view. The plane and objects were traveling


- page 8 -

in a Northwest direction. I am not qualified to judge altitude and distance but the plane was not at extreme altitude because as I mentioned before the wings and tail were clearly discernible. The objects did not give off light. The plane and objects were below the level of the sun which had set but which still lit up the horizon. My father ventured the objects might be atmospheric probes of some kind, which were attached to the plane by rods which would not have been visible at that distance. Perhaps you will be able to solve the puzzle.

Yours truly,
[Redacted]
Morehead, Ky.
August 2, 1963

P.S. The report of the other sighting was forwarded to you on 7/27/63.


- page 9 -

Morehead, Ky.

Aerial Phenomena Group
Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio


- page 10 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW
SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO: HQ USAF SAF-OIPB
Wash 25 D C

Reference the attached letter from, dated 2 Aug 63, requesting information on unidentified flying objects. The following information is submitted to assist you in a reply to Mr.

a. Mr. sighting of 27 Jul is evaluated as an a/c observation, however his sighting of 2 Aug has not been identified.

b. The initial impression given is that the trailing objects were other aircraft as part of a refueling operation. However, since there are no refueling areas within pass over or near Morehead, Kentucky, and Mr. was able to distinguish the wings and tail of the lead plane, this hypothesis would be ruled out.

c. It is suggested that a FTD Form 164 be sent to Mr. for completion.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

1 Atch
Ltr
dtd 2 Aug 63


- page 11 -

October 18, 1963

Dear Mr.

We were able to evaluate your sighting of July 27, 1963, as that of an aircraft. We are not able at this time to identify your observation of August 2nd. Inclosed is a Form FTD 164. Would you please complete it and return it to this office for further investigation.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Inclosure

Mr.
Morehead, Kentucky


- page 12 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2     3     63
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day:
Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest postal address is blacked out]
City or Town                   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours   Minutes   Seconds
a. Certain         c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain  d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
[Handwritten text, partially illegible]

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 13 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   none
b. Color   faint

18. We wish to know the angular size. Held a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially any exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The document includes a hand-drawn sketch with some notes like "they were just small clouds" and an elliptical object drawn.


- page 15 -

