Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
16 Jun 63

2. LOCATION
Nr Albuquerque, New Mexico

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT 16/2130Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒ Ground-Visual
☐ Air-Visual

5. PHOTOS
☒ Yes
☐ No

6. SOURCE
civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1½ hrs

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
n/a

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Story of alleged contact with beings from outer space. Photos taken of flying saucer.

11. COMMENTS
Photo analysis indicates that the photos are a hoax.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other...HOAX
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

THE PAUL VILLA SAUCER PHOTOS

Most of the saucer photos have seen previously have been of inferior quality, mainly because the photographers were in a hurry while he had shot in a hurry while he had the opportunity.

But Apollinar (Paul A. Villa, Jr., 49, (born Sept. 24, 1916), a mechanic of 601 Niagara, N.E., Albuquerque, New Mexico, holds a unique privilege in the annals of Flying Saucer research.

He has had arranged meetings with specific purpose of taking

Space People for the apparent contacts of one kind or another with the Space People are not new to Mr. Villa. He says that he has been taught telepathically by extraterrestrial intelligence since he was 5 years old.

Although he did not complete the 10th grade of school, he seems to have a good knowledge of such subjects as mathematics, electricity, physics, and mechanics, and has an unusual "gift" for detecting defects in engines, generators, etc.

Villa says that prior to photographing his first Flying Saucer in 1963, he had seen about five such craft in the previous five years, and that he had talked with a spaceman previously. He said that his first picture-taking contact was his second in-person meeting with extraterrestrial beings.

The first was in 1953 while he was working for the Department of Water and Power in Los Angeles. While on the job one day in Long Beach, he had a strange urge to go down to the beach. A feeling he did not then understand. There he met a man about 7 feet tall. At first Villa was afraid and wanted to run away. But the man called him by name, and told him many personal things about himself. Villa realized that he was communicating with a very superior intelligence, and he then became aware that this being was a spaceman. "He knew everything I had in my mind and told me many things that had taken place in my life." Villa says. "He then told me to look out beyond the reef. I saw a metallic-looking disc-shaped object that seemed to be floating on the water. Then the spaceman asked me if I would like to go aboard the craft and look around, and I went with him."

And here in the saucer occupants were entirely human-like in appearance, although better looking in general than Earth people, as they were definitely more refined in face and body. Also, they had an advanced knowledge of science, as evidenced by their craft, and by their talk with him.

They told Villa that the whole galaxy to which our Earth belongs is but a grain of sand on a huge beach, in relation to the unfathomable number of inhabited galaxies in the entire Universe. Because of their technological advancement, their spaceships can penetrate the Earth's radar detection system, so that they are picked up on our radar screens only when they choose to call attention to their presence.

In our skies, it seems that their craft are constantly active over our surface, and that they plan more

sightings and landings in order to increase public awareness of their existence. They said they were here on a friendly mission. Moon (that Phobos, one of the moons of Mars, is artificially constructed; and that there is a Superior Intelligence that governs the Universe and everything in it.

For his first series of pictures (shown in issue #20 of UFO), Mr. Villa says that his space contacts told him, telepathically, to drive his pickup truck on June 16, (1963), to the meeting place, alone. There he saw a landed Flying Saucer which he estimated to be about 70 feet in diameter. There were 9 people aboard the ship: 4 men and 5 women.

They disembarked through a hermetically sealed doorway, ranging from 7 to 9 feet and were well proportioned. Some were blond, some were red-headed (like polished copper); and some had black hair. They told him they came from the galaxy of Coma Berenices, many light years distant. They were able to speak many languages, as well as to communicate telepathically.

Villa was told the craft operated as a mother ship for its 9 remotely-controlled monitoring disks which were 14" in diameter, and were controlled from the mother ship. They could pick up pictures and sounds from any area which they were directed, and could then relay them to TV panels aboard the mother craft.

They permitted Villa to take photos of their ship which posed and hovered close to the surface between 2 and 4 P.M. while he took various shots of the craft framed by the trees in the foreground.

He used a Japanese-made Kokusai-Sha camera with an f4.6, 75mm lens loaded with 120 Kodacolor film. Two of the photos show the ship in a vertical position, on its side, to indicate that the Space People have created an artificial gravity within the craft, completely comfortable no matter what position the ship is in, relative to a planet's surface.

Incidentally, in photo #7 (see our saucer post card), the vents in the hull, thought by some to be portholes, are not windows, but are openings directly concerned with the propulsion of the ship. Villa says they told him that the vents are opened only within a plane's atmosphere - never in outer space.

Your editor was formerly a professional photographer and feels that these pictures are unquestionably good for several reasons: 1. They are quite sharp and clear. 2. They show details that have never been seen. 3. The image size of the saucer is large enough to show good detail without extreme graininess. 3. There is a series, instead of just one photo, which provides more details for evaluation. 4. Villa's truck is in the foreground of some of the photos, providing a known object with which to compare the size of the saucer and to judge its distance away. 5. The degree of sharpness of other objects in the near foreground and the clouds and trees in the distance, indicates that the object is had to be very large in order to achieve the depth of field comparable to what we see in these photos, thereby raising the possibility that a small model may have been used to fake the photos.

"UFO INTERNATIONAL" 3


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

"After the time these photos were released to us, there was a rash of saucer-sighting reports in the newspapers. They began on April 24, 1965, when Socorro, New Mexico policeman, Lonnie Zamora, saw a landed egg-shaped object take off from a gully and spread away. Soon after this account, other sighting and landing reports came from several western states simultaneously. So much new interest was stimulated in the saucer subject, that we felt it appropriate to release Mr. Villa's photographs to the local United Press International photographer, was so impressed with the article look of the photos that he put three of them on the UPI wires. They were subsequently printed in hundreds of newspapers throughout the world. The Los Angeles NBC news program also ran the pictures on their color TV newscast for three nights in a row.

As for his second set of pictures (see pages 8 and 9, this issue), Villa was guided, telepathically by one Jose Padilla, New Mexico contactee. This was on Easter Sunday, April 18, 1965.

The shape seen in photo #1, 2, and 3, projected a ray from the fire is visible (more clearly in color) in the trees just below the craft, and just above and to the left of the tailgate of Villa's truck.

In photo #3, they signed a tree-top --- extreme left of tree grouping --- by use of a ray to demonstrate their ship. These things were done to demonstrate some of their capabilities.

The ship landed indeed to be 300 feet in diameter. It had telescopic, tripod landing gear, which are protruding from the bottom of the craft in photos #1, 2, and 3.

The three crewmen had light brown hair and tan skin. They appeared to be about 5'8" or 5'9" tall. Villa talked with them for nearly two hours about personal as well as general matters.

They told him that our astronauts, Edward White and James McDivitt, were in trouble when they saw something similar in space.

They also said that our government won't release the Mariner-4 photos because they show landing stations for the canal systems on Mars. They added that by 1966, 17 nations will have the Atomic Bomb.

Villa says they conversed both in Spanish (his native language) and in English.

On their advice, the contactee says, he stopped smoking so as to enhance his ability to receive telepathic communications.

Photos #4, 5, and 6 were taken later that same month about 9 miles west of Albuquerque, near the Navajo Indian Shield, and there was a clear cloud-formation of an Indian lying on his back. The head and the feather shape can be seen at left center of the clouds in photos #4 and 5. Also, many people have seen an Indian profile in the cloud at the extreme top left corner of these same photos (much clearer in color). Villa says he understands, apparently telepathically --- since the ship didn't land, that the Navajos are going to come into prominence in some manner.

The photo shows no position and shows the three tripod landing gear on the bottom of the craft, which is actually saucer shaped, as can be seen from the profile view in photo #5. The clear color enlargement of photo #4 makes it one of the most impressive saucer photos we have seen to date.

"UFO INTERNATIONAL""


- page 3 -

THE PAUL VILLA SA

This series of 8 color
Flying Saucers was taken by
as follows:

Photos #1, 2, & 3. Taken
Easter Sunday, April 18, 1

Photos #4, 5, & 6. Taken n
of Albuquerque, New Mexico

Photos #7, & 8. Taken nea
1965. Photo #8 is not show
#2 set of 8 saucer photos.
article on page 3.

8 - 3 1/2"x 4 3/4" co
(Sold in se

8 - 5" X 7" color prin
8 - 8" X 10" color pri
8 - 11" X 14" color pr

PAUL VILLA SAUCE

Set #1, consisting of 7
is still available for $3.00 p
This series of saucer photo
Albuquerque, New Mexico o

Photo #7 from Set # 1 i
--50 for $1.00. 15 for 50¢

ORDER FROM: AFSCA
Angeles, California 9002
add 47 sales tax.)


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

PHOTOS-- SET #2
graphs of 3 different
SCA member Paul Villa.

Bernalillo, New Mexico,

Volcano Mountains, west
ril, 1965.

dia, New Mexico, April,
s, but is included in the
urther details, see

rints @ $3.00 per set
8 only.)

$12.00/set or $2.00 each.
$30.00/set or $5.00 each.
@ $72.00/set or $12.00 ea.

PHOTO SET #1
1/2"X 5" color prints,
t. (Sold only in sets.)
taken by Mr. Villa near
16, 1963.

ilable in color post cards

4 N. Hoover St., Los
A. (California residents

The text appears to be describing photo sets of images taken by Paul Villa near Volcano Mountains in New Mexico in April 1965, with pricing information for purchasing the photo sets.


- page 5 -

August 26, 1964

Dear Mr. [redacted]

Enclosed are the photographs which you brought over to us and asked to have analyzed.

Our Project Blue Book Office at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base has analyzed the set of photos and determined that the object photographed is estimated to be 20 inches in diameter and 7 inches high. This analysis is as follows:

Photograph #7 shows the UFO at close range with a leafless branch on the left side of the print, passing behind the object. Two twigs from this branch are readily visible on the right side of the object and in good alignment with the main branch. It does not seem possible that these twigs are from the tree on the right within the further away. Therefore, the object is between the branch and the camera. Accordingly, it was possible to measure the size of the object.

If humanoids were inside of this alleged Flying Saucer, they would have to be less than 7 inches tall. The Project Office considers the photographs to be a hoax.

Finally, the alleged sighting which lead to the photographing of the object has never been officially reported to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Inclosures
Life Magazine
Washington, D.C.


- page 6 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a landscape with trees and a small, disc-shaped object hovering between the trees.


- page 7 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The document contains a black and white photograph of what appears to be an oval or disc-shaped object surrounded by trees or foliage.


- page 8 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a tree and some vegetation, with what seems to be a small dark object or shape near the tree.


- page 9 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a tree and an oval-shaped object in the sky/background, with varying levels of grayscale and image quality.


- page 10 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

Photograph description: A black and white image showing what appears to be a vehicle or object partially obscured by vegetation or tall grass. The image is grainy and has high contrast, making details difficult to discern clearly.


- page 11 -

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT
NR 64-43
PAGE 1 OF 1 PAGES
DATE OF REPORT 20 August 1964

SUBJECT UFO
LOCATION Albuquerque, New Mexico    DATE 16 June 1963

PHOTOGRAPHY
AY ______    IN ______    QUALITY Fair to Good
P NMS Photos returned to TDBM

1. PURPOSE: This report answers WO #64-72 from Major Quintanilla (TDBM) to determine if an Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) is a hoax, and the size of the object.

2. ANALYSIS:
a. All photographs have a sky background with an unobstructed view of the object. It seems unlikely that anyone photographing a UFO from several angles would have all good clear unobstructed photographs of the object.

b. Photograph #7 shows the UFO at close range with a leafless branch, on the left side of the print, passing behind the object. Two twigs from this branch are readily visible on the right side of the object and in good alignment with the main branch. It does not seem possible that these twigs are from the tree on the right which are further away. Therefore, the object is between these branch and the camera. The object is estimated to be 20 inches in diameter and 7 inches high.

c. In photographs #1 and #2 the object appears to be a sharper image than the near and far trees. This indicates the UFO is between trees and near the camera.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:                    APPROVED BY:
[Signature]                           [Signature]
GERALD A. SCHEMAN                     WILLIAM L. TURNER
Intelligence Research Specialist      Captain, USAF
                                      Chief, Photo Analysis Division

[Signature]
MILLER PRICE, JR.
Director, Photo Exploitation Directorate


- page 12 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing what seems to be an oval or disc-shaped object among trees or foliage, with varying shades of black, white, and gray.


- page 13 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 14 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a dark oval-shaped object near some trees or foliage, with varying shades of black, white, and gray.


- page 15 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a UFO or flying saucer-like object hovering near some trees in a forested landscape.


- page 16 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a vehicle partially obscured by vegetation or foliage, with a grainy, low-contrast quality typical of older photographic documents.


- page 17 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing an oval or disc-shaped object against a background of trees or foliage, with varying shades of black, white, and gray.


- page 18 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

Photograph description: A black and white image showing a tree with branches against a background of foliage and vegetation. There appears to be a small dark object or shape near the tree, though its details are difficult to discern due to the grainy quality of the image.


- page 19 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a landscape with trees and foliage, with some areas of lighter and darker contrast. The image quality is grainy and somewhat blurry.


- page 20 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing an oval or elongated object hovering or suspended in a landscape with trees or foliage in the background. The image is grainy and has high contrast between dark and light areas.


- page 21 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a vehicle partially obscured by vegetation or foliage, with a grainy, low-contrast quality typical of older photographic documents.


- page 22 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW                                                                   24 Aug 64

SUBJECT: Photos, M (16 Jun 63)

TO: Hq USAF SAFI PB (Mrs Gaiser)
    Wash D C  20330

1. Attached is a "Photo Analysis Report" on seven pictures submitted to Project Blue Book for evaluation.

2. The alleged flying saucer photographed by is not what he claims it is.

3. If humanoids were flying this alleged flying saucer, then these humanoids would have to be less than seven inches tall.

4. The alleged sighting, leading to the photographing of this alleged flying saucer, has never been officially reported to the Air Force.

5. I consider this case to be a hoax; probably perpetrated by for financial gain.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
HECTOR G. QUINTANILLA JR.
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

2 Atchs
1. Photo Analysis Report
2. Photos of Alleged
   Flying Saucer

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!


- page 23 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a UFO or flying saucer-like object hovering near some trees in a forested or wooded landscape.


- page 24 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph with a dark oval-shaped object in the center, surrounded by what looks like trees or foliage with a mottled, grainy texture.


- page 25 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a landscape with trees and a small object (possibly a UFO or disc-shaped object) in the sky between the trees.


- page 26 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

Image description: A black and white photograph showing a landscape with trees and foliage. In the center of the image, partially obscured by tree branches, appears to be a small dark object or shape that could potentially be a UFO or unidentified flying object.


- page 27 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIV\ION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a vehicle (possibly a truck or van) surrounded by vegetation or foliage. There is also a small dark object in the upper part of the image that looks like it could be a UFO or flying object.


- page 28 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a disc-shaped object hovering near some trees in a forested landscape.


- page 29 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing what seems to be an oval or disc-shaped object among trees or foliage, typical of UFO-style imagery from the 1960s.


- page 30 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

Image description: A black and white photograph showing a landscape with trees and foliage. There appears to be a small dark object or shape partially obscured by the trees and vegetation, which seems to be the focus of the image.


- page 31 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a landscape with trees and foliage, with a small disc-shaped object hovering in the sky between the trees.


- page 32 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a vehicle partially obscured by vegetation, with a grainy, low-contrast appearance typical of older photographic documents.


- page 33 -

The text I can see on this page is:

Pic
Horn

The rest of the page appears to be a blank white/off-white document with some faint lines and marks.


- page 34 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a dark oval-shaped object floating near some trees against a light background.


- page 35 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

ill Unsolved

U.S. Air Force (Project Bluebook) inves-
gated 8,908 reported sightings. Of these
663 are listed "Unknown".
According to January, 1965, Proj-
ect Bluebook reports, there are no films,
photographs, maps, charts or graphs of uniden-
tified flying objects. The only photographs
that have been submitted have been deter-
mined to be a misinterpretation of natural
phenomena or hoaxes.
The files of the HOUFO show that Ok-

The rest of the text is cut off or illegible due to the image quality and cropping.


- page 36 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

This startling photograph was selected from among a series of shots credited to Apolinar A. Villa, who reports he took them on June 16, 1963, near Albuquerque.

Flying Saucer Mystery Still Unsol
BY HAYDEN C. HEWES Associate Director, HIOUFQ

Today, as we explore outer space, leading planners agree that billions of other planets exist—and that some may have civilizations far more advanced than our own.

Many people consider the phenomenon of unidentified flying objects (UFO's), commonly called "flying saucers," to be a manifestation of these other civilizations. Others, with equal sincerity, contend that the explanation for UFO's lies in the realm of the natural sciences.

The whole debate centers around the definition of what a UFO is—with certainty—either of these two positions: What is a UFO? According to regulation 200-2, pertaining to unidentified flying objects, it is any airborne object which by performance, aerodynamic characteristics, or unusual features does not conform to any known aircraft.

The most common characteristic of a UFO, according to those who have studied all varieties have been reported, would be unusual to read about "a large, round, sil ver-like disc" which flew slowly over the town of Byland Abbey in Yorkshire, Eng- land. What is unusual is that this happened in 1290 AD.

Where do UFO's come from? Why are they here? Colonization? Attack? Reconnaissance? From a planet many light years away? Or could they be messengers of a subterranean race here on Earth?

One afternoon several years ago, I noticed an article which was to be the beginning of one of the strangest activities I would ever encounter: "Strange Light Floats Across California Sky." A few months later, I noticed an article entitled "Mystery Planet Over Gulf." In the following weeks and months, I noticed still other articles such as "Air Force Admits Canard Light Real Object" (116-537), "Texans See Mystery Object" (116-572), "Two Illinois Troops Spot Flying Whatzit" (116-578), "Objects Hover Over Alamogordo," "Huge Object In Minnesota Sky Sighted," "Bright Object Is Spotted Over Nevada," and "Someone Sees 'Em, More Flying Saucers" (30-64). These were but a few of many which came to my attention.

On 16 August, 1958, with the help of William J. Riefel, we organized Interplanetary Intelligence (IOUFO) for the purpose of scientific research of these strange phenomena. International headquarters is at 3005 W Eubanks, Oklahoma City. Eight years later, we have well over 4,500 members world-wide, with state offices in almost all the 50 states. An official publication, The Controversial Phenomena Bulletin, is published in Manhattan.

All in all, there are over 100 civilian UFO organizations. Three are located in Oklahoma City. One of them, the New Age Center, sponsors UFO lectures. The IOUFO is working hand in hand with the International Aerospace Phenomena Researchers, also located in Oklahoma City.

Last September, by special authorization, UFO investigation headquarters visited the air force base at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio. Between 1947 and the beginning 1965, the

[Note: The text appears to be cut off at the bottom of the page]


- page 37 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

330
ASTRONOMY

Summer Stars Begin to Appear

Mars is the only planet visible in the June evening skies in which Vega shines forth brilliantly and the summer constellations are beginning to appear.

By JAMES STOKLEY

► ALTHOUGH SUMMER, in the Northern Hemisphere, does not begin until June 21, when the sun reaches farthest north in its annual circuit, the summer star skies already are beginning to show the summer constellations.

One of these is the scorpion, Scorpius, which appears low in the south. You can see it on the accompanying star maps, which show the skies as they look about 11:00 p.m., your own kind of daylight saving time (10:00 p.m., your own kind of standard time), at the first of June, and an hour earlier at the middle of the month.

Scorpius Partially Visible

In Scorpius is the bright star called Antares, which is distinctly red in color. Next to the sun, if you wish, you can compare them, but take Antares in the only place next to the sun where it is safe to look toward the west, in Leo, the lion, a constellation and partly on the southern sky map and partly on the southern sky.

Antares is considerably brighter than Mars near the horizon. It is a first-magnitude star.

To the left of Leo is Virgo, the virgin, with a first magnitude star called Spica. Higher is another bright one, Arcturus, in Bootes.

Turning toward the eastern sky you can see the brilliant Vega, the brightest star in the summer sky. Underneath it stands Cygnus, the swan. Some of the stars in this constellation form the "northern cross" with the called Deneb and the top, now directed downward and to the left. Both Deneb and Vega appear on the northern map, but just above the horizon.

In the scale of stellar magnitude form the "northern cross" with the constellation Cygnus - Vega, and Deneb form a large stellar triangle that is conspicuous on midsummer evening.

The map shows parts of Gemini, the twins, and Auriga, the charioteer. These are all that remain visible of the brilliant constellations of the winter evening. The stars Pollux and Capella are both of the first magnitude but are greatly dimmed when they are so low.

Four other planets now appear later in the night. Saturn rises in the east about 1 a.m., Jupiter is now in Pisces, the second, or third magnitude star near the sun. It is more brilliant than any other star or planet that is then visible. Venus, which is still brighter, rises about a half hour before the sun, when the eastern sky has begun to brighten with the coming of dawn. And around June 13 Mercury is farthest west of the sun. It rises about the same time as Venus, but is only about a fortieth as bright.

It will be difficult to see Mercury, the lowest number, the brighter is the star or planet. Thus far magnitude is brighter than second and magnitude 1.5 is the dividing line between the two classes. Mars is near the first magnitude, 1.4, so it barely qualifies in this class. In February it was about eight times brighter than now, when it is about 62 million miles from earth. Now it has receded to 150 million miles, and is still drawing away from us.

As noted above, Mars passes close to Regulus (which is in Leo) during June 1. On June 5 it passes about half a degree (the diameter of the full moon) north of the planet Uranus. This occurs during daylight hours in the U.S. and Canada so that by that evening Mars will be a little further east. However, if you pick up Mars with a pair of binoculars, it should be an interesting sight.

The magnitude of Uranus is about sixth, which is considered the limit of naked-eye visibility under very favorable conditions. It is far beyond Mars—about 1,700,000,000 miles away at the present time.

Alpha Centauri

Next to the sun, at a mean distance of about 93 million miles, the closest star is one in the constellation of Centaurus, the southern hemisphere. This star, which is usually referred to as alpha Centauri, is distant that it is the brightest star in that group. Its distance is about 25 trillion miles, a distance which light traverses (traveling 186,000 miles per second) in 4.3 years. Thus astronomers often give its distance as 4.3 light years.

Alpha Centauri is not visible from most of the United States, although it barely gets above the southern horizon at the south end of Florida and of Texas. It is seen easily from Puerto Rico, from South America, and other southern regions, is rises high overhead. But the central is a large constellation, and a few of its northernmost stars do come into view even in the central map, low in the south. Although is a similar part of Lupus, the wolf, which is next in the centaur. In fact the old star maps,

[The rest of the text is cut off at the bottom of the page]


- page 38 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

STOCHASTIC
RADIOACTIVE
EQUILIBRIA
MODELS

BETA/CANIN PIGMENT
Page 338

EXPERIMENTAL METHODS ON
VERIFYING FORCE 186

DYNAMICS OF CUSTOM POPULATIONS

Some text appears to be illegible or too blurry to read clearly. The image appears to be a collage of scientific posters or display boards with various charts, graphs, and text, along with several people standing near these displays.


- page 39 -

Here is the text from the document:

which pictured the figures around the stars, showed the human part of the centaur spearing the wolf

Celestial Time Table for June

JUNE    EDT
3    1:00 a.m.    Moon farthest, distance 253,100 miles
5    3:00 p.m.    Mars passes Uranus
9    4:33 p.m.    Full moon
9    3:00 a.m.    Mercury passes Venus
13   3:00 a.m.    Moon farthest west of Sun
14   4:54 p.m.    Moon in last quarter
16   3:00 a.m.    Moon passes Jupiter
19   4:00 a.m.    Moon nearest, distance 233,500 miles
20   9:00 p.m.    Moon passes Venus
21   7:46 p.m.    New moon
        11:04 p.m.    Sun farthest north, summer begins in Northern Hemisphere
26   3:00 p.m.    Moon passes Mars
28   4:24 p.m.    Moon in first quarter

Subtract one hour for CDT, two hours for MDT, and three hours for PDT.
* Science News Letter, 85:300 May 23, 1963


- page 40 -

Here is the text from the document:

morial, H. S., Evansville, Ind.; Garcia
Schultz, 16, Fairbank St., H. S., Catskill,
Minn.; Arthur Shapiro, 17, Central H. S.
Philadelphia, Pa.; Francis Smith, 17, Wake
forest H. S., N. C.; Robert Wray, 16, York
Spence, 16, York H. S., Yorktown, Va.; San
Mary, 16, Claremont H. S., San Diego, Calif.; Kenneth Strauss, 16, C. E. Byrd
H. S., Shreveport, La.; Sundberg, 18, Watsonville H. S., Watsonville, Calif.; Gordon Telford, 18, Parkesburg H. S., Parkesburg, Pa.; Felician S. C.; Joyce Ann Mich., 17, Felician
Academy, Detroit Mich.; Michael Waber, 18, Otsego H. S., Otsego, Mich.; Andrew
Whinski, 17, Parkesburg H. S., Parkesburg, Pa.; John Mich., 16, Anaconda, Mont.;
Carl Mich., 16, General H. S., Terry Parke, 16, Johnstown, Fla.; Robert Wray, 16,
Oaks, Oakland, Calif.; Erik Kjaer, 16, Lawrence H. S., Lawrence, Kans.; Randall Zager, 16, Wakefield Sr. H. S., Arlington

- Science News Letter, 83:325 May 23, 1963


- page 41 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Top Right]
Dec. 11, 1963
R.R.
Sturgis Mich.

[Addressed To]
Dept. of the Air Force
Officer of Public Information
Washington D.C.

Dear Sir;

I would like to tell you of an experience which is rather interesting.

About 2:00 AM in June, 1963, I woke up, as I usually do in the night for a am light asleep. I reached for my radio for some music for some long range AM stations. Here music all night. I didn't feel like sleeping at the time. I looked out of my window and it was a beautiful night. I saw a light moving across the sky. It was descending at about a 35° angle and moving at an estimated speed of about 35 mph. I could be an airplane for it was descending at too extreme of an angle. As it approached from the N.E. it developed a circular shape.


- page 42 -

I tried not to get excited for it would just cause a commotion. I like to keep things like this to myself. My acute close friend R.R. to Sumyfield Rela knows the sighting. Then it casually change direction toward a point called M.R. It stopped directly above it. I estimated it to be 100 ft above the plant, 200 ft above the ground. It stayed there about 30 minutes. The object itself was about two lots form where I was standing. Then it started to move where it came from, the M.E., only faster, about 70 mph. I watched it until it disappeared from sight. The whole observation lasted about 45 minutes. I was only 11 at the time, and am 13 now. But might age doesn't mean I'm some crackpot and some nut who jumps to conclusions!

I am not the type who sees a sparrow and call it a flying saucer. I would like your opinion on what you think I saw. I thank you for any information you can give.

Sincerely Yours,

[Note: Some words are blacked out or obscured, and the signature is also blacked out.]


- page 43 -

No Case (Information-Only)
Source IAPA, (July 1963)

June 1, 1963
Chicago, Illinois

Chicago, Illinois, June 1, 1963: Mr. W. S. Gryala, UFO Researcher and IAPA member, along with another witness spotted a UFO at about 9:30 P.M. "It was a pale white light that I would judge to be the intensity of a second magnitude star on a north heading. It faded out in a clear sky after 15 seconds of observation." Mr. Gryala suggested that it could have been a high flying plane, but he is puzzled.


- page 44 -

Mardelius

M/R: Mr [redacted] of the Goddard Flight center called regarding the photos that had been evaluated and sent evaluation to Life magazine.

TW photos of Jun 63. He wanted more information regarding the evaluation. Told him about the official evaluation, three men had given the evaluation. They used special technical analysis. Also gave him Capt William Turner's extension in the photo lab to whom he would like to talk with if he wanted further information on these photos.

Per phone conversation, Major Quintanilla and Mr Mardelius 9 Nov 64p 1530 pm


- page 45 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: SAUCER REVIEW - SEP OCT 63

1 Jun 1963
Hong Kong, China

HONG KONG
Over the Peak

From the South China Sunday Post of June 2: An unusual and so far unexplainable phenomenon was observed by residents in the Peak, shortly after midnight Wednesday of a house in Peak Road. They saw a bright object, green, red and yellow in colour, about 15 yards long. It illuminated the sky.

"It passed from east to west a considerable height, and approaching the west, seemed to break into two planes, one continuing on the previous course. The other falling away, disappearing from sight.

Also observed by residents on Moss Castle Lane."


- page 46 -

No Case (Information Only)
Source: IAPA (July 1963)

June 3, 1963
West Hollywood, Florida

West Hollywood, Florida. Father King saw 2 UFOs which were saucer shaped in the western sky. The uppermost UFO was orange colored and the lower one green. Both hovered about 10,000 ft.


- page 47 -

No Case (Information Only)
Source: IAPA (Jul 63)

Lyle, Minnesota, Early June, 1963. Researcher Jerome Clark reports the landing of a UFO, about the size of a semi-truck, near this town. As we go to press, we are awaiting further information, which we will publish in our September issue.]

SOURCE: SAUCER NEWS - DEC 65

Case 79: Lyle, Minnesota, Early June, 1963. A report was received from Jerome Clark near the Minnesota-Iowa border. Highway patrolman searched an area near the incident. (Jerome Clark cited as the source)

SOURCE: IAPA - SEP 63


- page 48 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: AFRO BULLETIN JAN 64

Search For UFO
In Minnesota

On the 4th of June 1963, Sheriff Doyle Lindquist, Chief Deputy Dale Nolden, Dick Cords, Daily Herald (Austin) reporter and Don Meighan, KWAD reporter, participated in three flights in search of a flying saucer reported seen to go down in the vicinity of Lyle, Minnesota shortly after 3 a.m. According to police at Austin, five different truck drivers reported seeing a strange multi-colored light which appeared to settle to earth near the small town of Lyle, which is 14 miles south of Austin near the Iowa border.

Highway patrolmen searched an area two miles wide on either side of the state line in the vicinity of Lyle, but found nothing unusual. Police at Albert Lea, Minnesota and Independence, Cedar Falls and Cedar Rapids, Iowa, said they had received similar reports of a strange object in the sky. Zeari Leinen, a trucker from Cedar Rapids, was the first to report the incident to Austin, Minnesota police and his report was followed quickly by reports from other truckers.

An Austin radio station said that after it had broadcast news of the incident, they received calls from numerous individuals who said they had seen a multi-colored light that seemed to descend in the vicinity of Lyle. The aerial reconnaissance carried out by Lindquist, Cords, Meighan and Rolfson covered an area 23 miles south of Austin and past Lyle and about 10 miles north of Austin. Wooded areas which would offer concealment were closely scanned.


- page 49 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO CASE
(INFO ONLY)

6 Jun 63
Surrey, England

ENGLAND
Surrey woman sees saucer

The Guildford and Purley
Times on June 14 printed the
following report: "A Whyteleafe
woman reported seeing something like a flying saucer in the
night sky near her home on
Thursday last week."

John's Walk, says the watched
the object— it looked like a
huge lantern hanging in the
sky — far high above from 11:40
onwards. Then it gradually
moved away into the distance.
She said she thought there was
a similar object, a little smaller or
further away, but it was half
hidden by trees. They looked
something like flying saucers to
me. I was hoping someone else
had seen the objects, because my
husband and people I have told
all think I am 'mad'. But I am
certain they were not aeroplanes
or anything of that nature," she
said.

There was a plane about,
though I could hear it, and I
thought it might be keeping observation on the object.

Kenley said, "We were not
carrying out any aerial operations
that night and as far as we can
tell we did not see or report
anything strange." Kenley also
said they had received no
reports of strange objects.


- page 50 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   8 June 1963
                                                                Northbrook, Illinois

Source: ZAMP - 500 63

Case 80, Northbrook, Illinois, 1 June 1963. At 9:30 p.m. two persons sighted a yellow-lighted object, cigar-shaped but with jagged edges. The object was completely

[Note: The text appears to be cut off at the bottom of the page, with the last line incomplete]


- page 51 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

CHELMSFORD, ENGLAND - SOURCE SAUCER REVIEW - SEP 1963

NO CASE(INFORMATION)
ONLY)

9 Jun 63
Sussex, England

Essex UFO

Mr. H. Cafferna, of Chelmsford, Essex, writes as follows: "On Sunday, June 9, 1963, at 11:10 p.m., two friends of the writer were from a window of their home in Patching Hall Lane, Chelmsford, Essex, a luminous object high in the sky, apparently from south-east, was observed. The object first observed was about 60°. The object continued in an apparently straight line until its angle of elevation was about 65°, then it changed direction to the right (observer's left) by possibly as much as 45° with respect to its previous course. It took then a wide curved path. It was lost to view, behind trees, at an elevation angle of about 30°. At this described course & speed it was very probably observing some very small angular velocity object in the middle of the area where numerous lights or luminous objects were seen.

number. These moved away from their object of height and were not too high and I assumed to be conventional aircraft, balloons, and satellite objects was within No red or green lights were observed, such as might be seen on conventional aircraft. However, the intensity was less everywhere along the route, but the intensity of the light fluctuated irregularly during the object's movement across the sky.

The apparent size was about 1/2 to 1/3 the moon's diameter, while the luminous objects was about 6th magnitude. There was no sound coming from the object.

The witness could by hand estimate the height of the object but it certainly seemed to be very high above the earth, at least several miles up. The time taken to traverse from 60° to 30° elevation was about 10 to 15 minutes.

The two witnesses are Mr. and Mrs. Alan Woods, of 'Long Orchards', Patching Hall Lane, Chelmsford, Essex.

On the next evening I went to discuss what they had seen and at 10:10 p.m. I myself saw a similar phenomenon. This time a luminous object approached from a point high in the sky, approaching from a south-west direction at an elevation angle of about 70°. There were no navigational lights. It was quite invisible, and perhaps a satellite, however "space" might be the word. The object reversed at 123° its good way and was seen for some 5 to 7 minutes. This was quite a good observation. The site was the same as the first but by another observer.

Lion and other observers were present. The observers were five or seven.


- page 52 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

No Case (Information Only)
Sources: FSIC (July 1963)                                                   June 9, 1963
                                                                             Barberton, Ohio

FSIC        JULY       1963
Prepared by the - FLYING SAUCER INVESTIGATOR

MONTHLY MEETING......The regular monthly
meeting will be held at the Central YMCA
on July 5, 1963............8:30 PM.......

LOCAL SIGHTINGS
BARBERTON, OHIO........June 9th, 11:00PM
Three young lads spotted a flashing white
light the size of Sirius (brightest star).
The duration (simulated) was in close agreement for the two boys interviewed, 18
and 20 ...ronds respectively. The object
moved fr     compass reading of 105° to
225° in         (O°-W)  The angles of
elevation:      that seen over trees was
20° - 25°,      passed firstly in front
of trees, 15°   of trees, 15° and
-20°. Erratic.   ment was described by
both boys. On    id he thought that it
changed its p    abruptly and came directly toward him in an impossible and almost
right angle turn, then resumed its path
N-S in the eastern sky. The other boy
said that it dropped abruptly in altitude
(right angle downward) then resumed its
steady path southward. No other lights
were seen. No shape, no sound or trail.
The father of one observer called out after the sighting and estimated the clouds
under which the flashing object passed as
8,000 ft. (Akron-Canton Airport reported
4 tenths at 4,500' and 4 tenths thin cirrus). Both boys reported only a few clouds
in the area at the time (2 tenths or less)
and that the object certainly was much
higher than 4,500', and arched across sky.
Observers: David Boone, David Hanalovich
(Third observer out of state)


- page 53 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   10 June 1963
Source: (Saucer News)                                     Concordia, Argentina

With a strange metallic-triangular piece of metal fall on a farm belonging to
Miguel Perez, near Concordia, Argentina. We received this report from our new
(and exclusive) South American press clipping source. According to the story,
the metal is "obviously the product of an advanced technology," and has on its
surface "various inscriptions with unknown markings." Attempts to analyze the
metal have failed. The material is extremely light and resistant, and is of a
blue color, suggesting that it experienced very high temperatures before fall-
ing to the ground.


- page 54 -

No Case (Information Only)
Source: FSIG (July 1963)

10 June 1963
Talmadge, Ohio

TALMADGE, OHIO-June 10, 1963, 11:15 PM
(Akron-Canton Airport) The observer was parked, operating his Citizen's Band Transceiver. When he happened to look into the South sky, he was startled to see a bright orange colored object the size of a pea at arm's length.

The object moved a short distance horizontally, dropped abruptly to a different level, resumed horizontal movement briefly and then dropped in an arc a short distance. At that point it flared up brilliantly and was not seen again.

The object had clear-cut edges, and was slow-moving. There was no sound or trail, and no interference to his CB unit.

Duration 4-5 seconds. Angle of elevation when first seen - 35° South, when it was last seen - 25° South. Traveled only a few degrees eastward.


- page 55 -

SOURCE: ALBUQUERQUE JOURNAL
DATE: 30 APRIL 1964

SOCORRO NEW MEXICO
24 APR 1964

'Talked With Occupants'

Man Here Claims He
Saw Saucers 5 Times

By MARTIN PASIXND

"I don't know why they
picked me," said Apolinar A.
Villa Jr. "I'm just an ordinary working man - just a
machine.

"They said there was a purpose," What if is, I don't
know.

Five times in about five
years, says "Paul" Villa, he
has seen flying saucers.
Twice, he has talked to their
occupants.

And once, he says, he returned home with a film
with a roll of film. If Villa
is the victim of fantasy, it
lives with his son-in-law
and daughter-in-law in
Albuquerque. Villa, a retired 601 Air Force man
named Lonefellow Clement,
is a local school janitor.

His first encounter during
his quit during his first
year at Albuquerque Hill
School, he says, was near
the Sandia Air Force base
near Albuquerque.

N. C. Ribble and Co. here
says "These are the real
things." "There are a lot of
people who would like to
help me God, I don't think
they would believe it. But
the pictures are the real
thing."

Villa who is not surprised at
recent saucer sightings, took
his pictures with a Japanese
camera (he last time he saw
a saucer).

From 2:30 to 4:30 he spent
noon with the people - men
and women - some by the
space machine.

Villa's occupants were
friendly people, he said. But
they were superior, he said,
in our science and physical

qualities, and in quality of
knowledge.

Expect Volcanic Activity
Saucer crewmembers, he
said, expect a progressive renewal of volcanic activity
west of here, and they expect
it soon.

This year, they expect catastrophic war between Russia and China - a war that
will involve many Asian nations.

Why hasn't Villa sought a
place of safety? "We can't
get away from what God has
decreed for us," he said.
Saucers, he said, came sliding on the West
Coast, where he conversed
with the occupant of a small
saucer.

Twice, he says, however,
over his home near Lindrith
the home was burned, Villa
said. The saucer occupants
used some sort of disciplinary
means.

A near Lindrith, this was the
largest - about 150 feet in
character.

The saucer was viewed near
Peralta was about 100 feet
across, Villa said.

He said a number of people
had seen the saucer fragments before and after its
fancy of cosmic Peruvian
public contact before and
since, Villa said he gathered
fragments of the saucer's
"windows."

Some parts of this provided
own proof, says Villa, that
resulted in a stream of
knowledge about the saucer
totally and without insurance. He said he was a
friendly type.

Put they were superior
to our science and physical

known me for a long time."

"There were lots
of things they had answers
for. They were a very friendly sort of people."

Notwithstanding his friendliness, he was about
what would happen
should he persist in efforts to
duplicate their devices.

Villa said the saucer's interest was in New Mexico because of a magnetic fault in
the area of New Mexico and
"magnetic lines."

"They put a lot of stress
on New Mexico and parts of
Arizona and Utah," he said.
Clothed in a light-fitting onepiece uniform, the saucer
men were attractive crew. And
something about volcanoes.

Their opinion is that it
would be bad or good. Villa
said. Nor will they attempt
to save the human race from
itself.

They know that there is
a lot of intelligence that covers all the universe and reveals things as they are, he
said.


- page 56 -

No CAse (Information-Only)
Source: IAPA (July 1963)

11-12 June, 1963
Boulder, Colorado

Boulder City, Colorado, June 11 & 12, 1963. On the successive nights residents reported seeing a star-like, pulsating UFO heading in a northerly direction. Awaiting further details. (Credit: Ricky Hilberg).


- page 57 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                Week of 12 June, 1963
                                                                                    New Zealand

Source: Flying Saucer Review - Nov-Dec 63

NEW ZEALAND
Cigar-shaped object
over Taupo

The Hawke's Bay Herald-Tribune on June 19 carried the following report: "Two independent sightings of an unidentified flying object were made over the Central Plateau, Taupo, last week. In both cases the object was reported to be moving at an 'unbelievable speed' and was said to be cigar shape, leaving a vapour trail much like one left by a jet plane. One of the reports was made by a retired business-man and a frequent visitor to Taupo, Mr. H. Barrett, who said there was no doubt there was something in the sky and moving very fast.

At the same time a Taupo man saw a flying object travelling in the same direction and leaving behind a 'wriggly vapour trail'. A Civil Aviation Administration spokesman said there were no commercial planes in the area at the time."


- page 58 -

Information Only
Source: NPIC Bulletin, November 1963

13 June 1963
North Scituate, Mass.

Several weeks earlier on June 13 a North Scituate woman who declines to be identified, spotted the same or a similar object, which she reported on July 7. The yellow-white light, she said seemed to be plunging into the ocean off Scituate, but suddenly reversed its direction and doubled back on its original path. A friend with her saw it also. "It denly stopped and moved erratically for a few seconds, reversed its direction, and went back from east to west," the woman reported. She also said she watched the maneuvering light source for at least 10 or 15 minutes and when it stopped moving and hovered for a while she stopped watching it.

The foregoing are only a few of the more detailed sightings seen at or about the time of the Portner incident, and the Patriot-Ledger announced in a subsequent issue that a total of 21 sightings had been reported to them. All seemed to be of the same or a similar object sighted within days or at most, 3 weeks of the Portner sighting.


- page 59 -

No Case, Information Only
Sources:  Sky and Telescope

Elgin, Illinois
13 June 1963

A BRILLIANT ILLINOIS FIREBALL

WHILE photographing the sky near Vega on the evening of June 13th, I recorded a brilliant fireball at about 9:30 p.m. Central standard time. I know the time of appearance only from reports received at the Adler Planetarium, for I never saw the meteor at all! My picture suggests it may have been as bright as magnitude -8. The meteor trail is nearly horizontal and appears to be about 10° long, beginning nor end point was recorded.

The exposure was made from 9:15 to 10:22 p.m. CST. I used a 4-by-5-inch Crown Graphic camera with a 135-mm. Optar lens at f/4.7. The Royal-X Pan film was exposed for 10 minutes at DK-50 at 70° Fahrenheit.

In Terry Schmidt's June 13, 1963, photograph of a fireball, Vega is the bright star at right. During the exposure, the Echo balloon crossed the field (faint horizontal trail).

TERRY E. SCHMIDT
668 Jefferson Ave.
Elgin, Ill.


- page 60 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: AFRO BULLETIN JAN 64                                                16 June 1963
                                                                             North City, New Zealand

NZ Youth Encounters UFO
Peter Vining, age 16, of Palmerston North City, New Zealand, encountered two strange bright lights while returning home from the movies at 11:00 p. m. on June 16, 1963. From where he was situated in the city square, he saw two lights resembling automobile headlights coming directly toward him from the sky.

After about a minute they stopped and hovered above a clock tower. The distance was about 150 yards.

After 8 seconds had passed, the lights darted away at terrific speed, up into the sky and were gone. The observer said that the lights seemed to have been attached to some invisible body which he could not see. Their color was described as being pure white. No other witnesses were found and officials to the event were found and officials received no other UFO reports for that night.


- page 61 -

No Case (Information Only)
Source: (IAPA) July 1963

16 June 1963
Cleveland, Ohio

IAPA July 63

Cleveland, Ohio, June 16, 1963. Rick Hiborg reports on this date several area persons sighted a UFO. One UFO, however, was identified as the "Echo" satellite. Rick got a photo of the UFO, but they were too dim and did not show up, as time did not permit time exposure.


- page 62 -

Here is the text from the document:

INFO ONLY                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


- page 63 -

Dear Sirs,

On or about the night of June 13 1963
9:50 P.M. Eastern Daylight Saving time I was
find and I observed of a UFO. At near a
mile clear night as dark will middle and
the star look about how middle and the
in movement for that time of the year. Please
the air in moment the atmosphere in nearly
heavy with water, moisture. We were in
my back yard observing the stars with
my friend our small telescope 40x40 mm
with earth lens that night we were out about
9:00 P.M. After a half hour or so we decided
to take a rest then about 250 or so. We
talked about what we do observed and made
some small talk at about 250 a looked to the
north and saw what is though was a bright
star. But the atmosphere then was no
star. This before I called my friend's attention
to the bright light near right might to the
to the middle of the sky digger. At that
time my friend and I though we were
seeing a nova - turned around. That
the angle to move the light 15 with
it. Then I heard my friend say that
it was moving toward the east.
At that time though that the light
we were seeing was a plane and the
reason it did not move because it was
heading toward us and then turned east. →


- page 64 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

but then I noticed that the light had not
dimmed and I watched now around and no light's
an all the other planes it had ever set just
traveled along a short path and had study with
light at all times of the anything in our traveling
in a different area at a moderate speed at all
time. it did not stop after it settled to move out
now did it slow down after a few seconds of
observation with out the end of our telescope
I decided along with my friend to observe
this object through the range. the more a
good idea after a look after on it. the center
on this lens stopped the most of the glare
and then I move a as bright which looked
rather unusual with a dome on the top
my friend also saw this in the scope and through
the range it looked like metal melted through
friend aged on at all the time of observation
the object stayed at about 60 to 80 from the
region of the north and basically in the
east at about the same 60 to 80 range from
the earth's region. when it disappeared
we were about 10 to 15 min. afterward not able
plane during the sighting.


- page 65 -

On the letter of my recent mail
been as do not have his permission to write with it
I would like to show your finding on legion
of the case given send me letter or statement
Thank you
1/27/67

Sincerely Yours

Bayfield NJ
07028


- page 66 -

Here is the text from the document:

QUITE A "DISH" Amalgamated Flying Saucer Clubs of America, headquartered in Los Angeles, released these 1963 photos which reportedly show a flying saucer (about 70 feet in diameter) in the general area where new UFO sightings have been reported in New Mexico. Photo lower right, shows lower level flight characteristics. (UPI Telephoto)


- page 67 -

17 - 30 JUNE 1963 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                                OBSERVER           EVALUATION

17      Lincolnwood, Illinois                   Military           INSUFFICIENT DATA
17      36.25N 155.52E (Pacific)                                   INSUFFICIENT DATA
17      Dayton, Ohio                                               SATELLITE
17      Dayton, Ohio                            Military           SATELLITE
17      Oahu, Hawaii                                               Astro (METEOR)
18      Niagara Falls, New York                 Multiple           1. Astro (JUPITER)
                                                                   2. SATELLITE
                                                                   3. Other (Misinterpretation of conventional objects)

18-24   Shimizu, Japan - San Pedro, Calif.      Military           SATELLITE
19      42.20N 172.00W                                             INSUFFICIENT DATA
20      North of Midway (Pacific)               Military           SATELLITE
20      Gulf of Mexico                                             SATELLITE
20      33.12N 168.36E (Pacific)                Military           INSUFFICIENT DATA
21      South of Midway (Pacific)                                  SATELLITE
22      Reynoldsville, Pennsylvania                                INSUFFICIENT DATA
22      Beavercreek, Ohio                                          BALLOONS
23      Chicago, Illinois                                          INSUFFICIENT DATA
24      Versailles, Missouri                                       BALLOONS
24      Dayton, Ohio                                               SATELLITE
24-25   39.38N 172.30W (Pacific)                Military           SATELLITE
25      Frankfort, New York                                        SATELLITE
25      Fairfield, Connecticut                  Unsigned Letter    AIRCRAFT
25      Mt. Vernon, New York                                       AIRCRAFT
25      New Carlisle, Ohio                                         INSUFFICIENT DATA
25-26   Weymouth, Massachusetts                                    AIRCRAFT
26      Weymouth, Massachusetts                                    INSUFFICIENT DATA
26      31.45N 176.25W (Pacific)                Military           AIRCRAFT
26      Pearl River, New York                                      INSUFFICIENT DATA
25      Texarkana, Texas                                           BALLOONS
27      Von Ormy, Texas                                            BALLOONS
27      Ironton, Ohio                                              BALLOONS
27      Rockville, Maryland                                        INSUFFICIENT DATA
27      Budd Lake, New Jersey                                      SATELLITE
28      North Branford, Connecticut                                INSUFFICIENT DATA
29      Dayton, Ohio                                               SATELLITE

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                                SOURCE             EVALUATION

18-24   Andes Mountains, Argentina              News Clipping      IAPA
21      Cedar Rapids, Iowa                      FSIC               AFRO
23      Medina, Ohio                            APRO
26      Rockland, Massachusetts


- page 68 -

This case includes one (1) file, seven (7) negatives, one (1) newspaper article, and twenty (20) 8" x 10" photographs.


- page 69 -

14 December 1964

Mr. [redacted]
Rochester, New York [redacted]

Dear Bill:

I've taken a long while to return your pictures, which I am doing now. I am a little surprised that you expected me to apply the Leonardo da Vinci criteria to them to indicate that they were hoaxes. A long time ago Leonardo observed how objects lose their gloss or shallowness when they are observed through greatest and greatest atmospheric paths. If the object in this photograph here were any distance away at all, they would have suffered from atmospheric scattering.

But the photographic boys at Wright Field have come up with a more telling blow. In their photoanalysis, a report number 84-63 dated 20 August 1964, they say A) "All photographs have a sky background with an unobstructed view of the object." It seems unlikely that anyone photographing a UFO from several angles would have all good, clear, unobstructed photographs of the object. "(My comment: unlikely but not necessarily so, and I would tend to discount this statement, but not the next.)

B) "Photograph number seven shows the UFO at close range. Two twigs from this branch on the left side of the print, passing behind the object and in good alignment with the main branch. It does not seem possible that these twigs are from the tree on the right, which are further away." Therefore, the object is between the branch and the camera. The object is estimated to be 20 inches in diameter and seven inches high.

C) In photographs one and two the object appears to be at sharper image then the near and far trees. This indicates the UFO is between the near trees and the camera. (My comment: this is not the same objection as the Leonardo da Vinci one.) Just a matter of depth in field.

In short, I would not bet even Confederate money on these pictures having any validity except being Kodacolor. This guy, Villa, is much too modest. "I am just an ordinary working man, just a mechanic." He seems to be a good fake photographer of all kinds. This is what makes our job at the Air Force so hard. It is bad enough trying to sift out any possibly real phenomena from all the background noise. If there is any signal, the signal-noise ratio is less than unity, and it would take a lot of digging to get such a signal out. Thanks for the reprints of my article from Texas, and give my best regards to Jim Govan when you see him. And once again I am sorry I kept your pictures so long.

Sincerely,
J. Allen Hynek
Director

JAH:llg


- page 70 -

