The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and investigations.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 9 OCT 53
2. LOCATION: Dayton, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0830
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Radar Ground-Radar
5. PHOTOS: None
6. SOURCE: Air Force
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 33 seconds
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Disk-shaped, yellowish, moved to west and turned toward south, turned over, went behind clouds.
11. COMMENTS: Maneuver and description
12. CONCLUSIONS: Was Unknown
Possibly Balloon
Possibly Aircraft
Possibly Astronomical
Insufficient Data for Evaluation

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force technical information document related to Project Blue Book, which was a program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
The title at the top of the page indicates that this is a U.S. Air Force technical information document.

WHEN DID YOU SEE THE OBJECT?
This section asks for the date, time, and time zone when the object was seen.

WHERE WERE YOU WHEN YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
This section asks for the location, including the nearest postal address, city or town, and state or county, where the object was seen.

HOW LONG WAS OBJECT IN SIGHT?
This section asks for the duration of time the object was in sight, including hours, minutes, and seconds.

HOW WAS TIME IN SIGHT DETERMINED?
This section asks how the duration of time the object was in sight was determined, with options including "Certain", "Pretty Sure", "Not very sure", and "Just a guess".

WAS OBJECT IN SIGHT CONTINUOUSLY?
This section asks whether the object was in sight continuously, with options for "Yes" and "No".

WHAT WAS THE CONDITION OF THE SKY?
This section asks about the sky conditions, with options for "DAY: Bright, Hazy, Cloudy" and "NIGHT: Bright, Hazy, Cloudy".

IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT DURING DAYLIGHT, WHERE WERE YOU LOOKING?
This section asks about the location of the observer relative to the object, with options including "In front of you", "To your right", "To your left", "Overhead", "Behind you", and "Don't remember".

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire or report form related to a UFO sighting.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed as an OCR system would output:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. Bright
b. Dim
c. None
d. Don't remember

9. What weather conditions existed at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky  
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vaporous
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):  
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the output of the text found in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound _________
b. Color _FLAT LIGHTS_

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show any trails or vapor trails. Please be careful to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One)       No 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One)      No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ________________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) 
    a. Inside a building
    b. In a car 
    c. Outdoors
    d. In an airplane (type)
    e. At sea
    f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
    a. In the business section of a city?
    b. In the residential section of a city?
    c. In open country?
    d. Near an airfield?
    e. Flying over a city?
    f. Flying over open country?
    g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
    24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
        a. North      e. East 
        b. Northeast  f. Southeast
        c. East       g. Southwest
        d. Southeast  h. Northwest

    24.2 How fast were you moving? __________ miles per hour.

    24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
        Yes             No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses     Yes   No
    b. Sun glasses    Yes   No
    c. Windshield     Yes   No
    d. Window glass   Yes   No
    e. Binoculars     Yes   No
    f. Telescope      Yes   No
    g. Theodolite     Yes   No
    h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which would give the same appearance as the object which you observed.

- page 5 -

The image contains a diagram with a compass rose and a sketch of an object or objects. There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. 
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book, with a questionnaire-style form containing various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City State 
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 7 -

The image contains a handwritten document with a sketch or drawing. The sketch appears to depict shapes or objects in the sky, potentially representing some sort of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). However, there is no photograph present in this particular image.

Seen again at 20 - 200-4.1
* 2.5 & * 3.0 wheels & suspect
* see trough - bright - which
* 6 shape - that - some with
* lights - no control & flight
at a high rate.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:       Day          Month           Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 9 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs, but rather a hand-drawn sketch or diagram. The sketch appears to depict some kind of object or unidentified flying object (UFO) with the text "110 second lights" written above it. There are also some handwritten notes below the sketch, but the text is partially obscured and difficult to make out in detail.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

110 second lights
Dayt it was in view long enough to get
a distinct outline
Seen at 2:50 a.m. Short
duration of 90 seconds duration 0110
rising into visibility and descending 
into obscurity

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with text describing various observations or details related to a reported UFO sighting.

Ogling
Up around at all
Crossing back & forth
About 20s0s 
(Minute)
Object
Moving along & some flying
No red or green lights
Seen by 15-20 people
It was a hale
Followed by several people

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report. The document is a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire. 

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible on unidentified flying objects that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes; your name will not be used and will be kept confidential. If we need additional information, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 17 October 1963
2. Time of day: 10:15 a.m. or p.m.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? [REDACTED] 
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 30 seconds
5.1 Was it first observed rising or coming toward you? Not very sure
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day b. Night c. Bright d. Bright e. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located in relation to the object? (Circle One): a. In front b. Behind c. In back of you d. Overhead e. Don't remember

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document and investigate unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 6 DEC 59
2. LOCATION: DAYTON, OHIO
3. SHAPE: DISC GROUP
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: VISUAL
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: BRIEF
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
7. COURSE: Not Reported
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: While driving through the sky, the witness believed to project object, however, no other details of the object could be observed. (No Case Profiles)
9. CONCLUSIONS: Not Reported

- page 13 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and investigations.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 23 Oct 63
2. LOCATION: Dayton, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATIONS: 
   1 Ground-Radar
   2 Airinterceptor Radar
5. SOURCES: CY 0 CS 0 AF 1 O 0
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: ----
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
8. COURSE: 35 to 235
9. COMMENTS: "Object observed in east appearing to move rapidly to the S. Unidentified at the reported time."

- page 14 -

The image does not appear to contain any photograph. It is a scanned page from a document that contains handwritten text.

OCR Output:
8-23 OCT
10 OCT 1952 
SUBJECT:
JURYCKR
FLIGHT TO SE. 452

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 10 OCT 1963
2. LOCATION Dayton, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP 2130
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Visual
5. DURATION 10 MIN.
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION Not Reported
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING Objects appeared moving through sky. Believed to be aircraft. Registered identification.
9. COMMENTS (Weather, etc.)
10. CONCLUSIONS NR
11. DOCUMENTS No
12. CONCLUSIONS Object conforms with ECHO I passage. Not astronomical.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document with rows of text or data, possibly related to a project called "Blue Book". As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

3-10 DATE 1-55 - CIVIl 
3 8-8 2 19 5 4 6 5 8 2 3 8 3 0 5 4 5 31 3 9 6 2 3 6 2 2 1 2 2 9 4 8 0 8 4 4 9 0 8 0 0 5 5 
DAVID F. MOODY
Aerial Phenomena Branch

- page 17 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions and checkboxes.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
 8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many 
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
 
10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. As a light e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the surrounding area? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) Yes No Don't know a. Appear to stand still at any time? b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? c. Break up into parts or explode? d. Change brightness? e. Change shape? f. Disappear and reappear?

This appears to be an observation form filled out by a witness who reported seeing an unidentified aerial object. The form contains questions about the characteristics and behavior of the observed object.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions about a UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
up into clouds

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: 
b. Color: reddish-brown

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please be sure to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a written questionnaire.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where actually located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. What was the business section of a city? 
a. In the residential section of a city?
b. In open countryside?
c. Near an airport?
d. Flying over a city?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or slow down any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars (Yes/No)
b. Sun glasses (Yes/No)
c. Windshield (Yes/No)
d. Telescope (Yes/No)
e. Theodolite (Yes/No)
f. Other (Yes/No)

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you observed.

- page 20 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch showing a compass rose and a series of angular lines. There does not appear to be a photograph present in this particular page of the document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are the observer. Place a dot at the point where the horizon (skyline) would be. From that point, show how high the object you saw was, in degrees, by placing a line at the angle (in degrees) that you first saw it. Place a dot on the compass to show the direction from which you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, a "Y" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
US UFO

32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME: Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS: Street City State
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
4 5 1962

- page 22 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an empty form or document page with instructions and questions. There is a hand-drawn curved line on the page, but no other visual elements besides the text and form layout.

14. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day - Month - Year

33. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Observing the object seen
RR 57 reported sighting
City of Dayton
Investigation indicates
Green-green lights in center

- page 24 -

