PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
28 May 1963

2. LOCATION
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 2005
GMT: 29/0105Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
[X] No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not reported

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
stationary

10. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
[X] Other: Contrails
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

11. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Pinkish bluish reddish clouds, irregular pattern.

12. COMMENTS
Description conforms with that normally associated with observation of contrail, Source is continually writing the AF for information on UFO's and ridiculing the handling of this so-called problem....

(ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52))


- page 1 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TDE/Lt Col R.J. Friend/69216
UFO Sighting [redacted] 14 June 1963

Hq USAF SAF-01 3b (Major Hart)
Wash 25 DC

1. Reference the attached letters regarding UFO sightings. These letters are forwarded to your office for whatever action you deem necessary.

2. Mr. [redacted] sighting of 28 May is similar to many reported observations of aircraft containing with the sun reflecting on them at dusk.

3. There are several White Sands sightings and no information can be forwarded unless a specific date is given. The movie "UFO" was a Green-House production based on the Tremonton photos, which were very unusual as seagulls and the Mariana pictures, which were evaluated as two F-94 aircraft.

4. The sighting of Miss [redacted] has been evaluated. This satellite was at 7:28 PM on the night of 13 April and was heading southeast.

5. Mrs. [redacted] sighting of 15 May is now under study.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology & Subsystems]

3 Atch
1. Ltr fm
2. Ltr fm, dtd 3 June 1963
3. Ltr fm, dtd 16 May 63

Case No. 21 - also seems to be an unreliable observer, and we feel the report should be rejected from serious consideration.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Department of The Air Force
Washington 25 D.C.

Gentlemen:

I would like to report something very unusual to you not at sometime on Tuesday May 28 at 8:30 S.M. some 6 miles southeast of what exhaust cloud in the sky did not look like get exhaust cloud.

Description:
O Pinkish reddish, bluish cloud

O I saw it a irregular pattern
was not looked something like it

P.M. 8:56     R.P.D.S.4
O 12 could not have been a cloud?
The thing was very mysterious.

Would like to have information
on sighting & can point 1968 at P.D.
sighting & would like to know if more
signs in sky look in the U.S.

3. Like to point out to examine
in what way some theory

Would like to know if some gentlemen have
a few spare photos to help write send
a incident or substantiate.


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

to send pay if have too.
if I could get a barrel of white
bunks pictures.

In the summer of 1958 saw
movie called U.P.O.I on a sunday
on W.V. channel 10 Columbia
Broadcasting Co.

I would like the air force to give
C.B.S. channel 10 back the right
to show that movie again.
please would consider it a
favor.

I went to give the air force when
I got a letter said come some
point of protest Philadelphia.
an investigation for it.

I like the Air force and all that but
would like them to know if you
somebody else tried to silence
interview investigators who figure
out the truth. I do not know
why.

Is it possible hide the truth from
the public or what ever it is,
or is it that people from another
planet or galaxy are controlling
our government yes or no?
You probably now consider me
a crackpot or person, but
but I'm not all. I want to see
truth about W.F.O.I


- page 4 -

I am not sure about the W.P.O. problem.

I heard the W.P.O. could start a war. I don't know whether its true or not.

I know there are some W.P.O.s in Washington are on chain that would not like to enter would not like to mention names? but I think I have to do not believe it that anyone investigating like "Adamski" "Bodie" etc.

I would like to know the sensible truth or theory of the Air Force.

The W.P.O. problem always worries me.

I must find out about what they are.

signed: [redacted]


- page 5 -

19 June 1963

Dear Mr.

Your sighting of 23 May is similar to many reported observations of aircraft contains with the sun reflecting on them at dusk.

Statistics for years 1957-1962 are enclosed.

The fact that any aircraft disappears has no bearing on unidentified aerial phenomena.

Photographs of sightings are not available.

The movie "UFO" was a Green-Rouse production. The Air Force had no connection with its production or release.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM J. LOCKADOO
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Div
Office of Information


- page 6 -

