The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card.

1. DATE: September 1963
2. LOCATION: Burlington, Massachusetts
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: 22:30
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. DURATION: 2 min
6. COURSE: Objects moved about erratically, then exploded
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not reported
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Letter from 14 yr old youth describing observation of 3 objects that were glowing, moved about erratically, then exploded.
9. CONCLUSIONS: No definite conclusions could be drawn from this case based on the information provided. Insufficient data for evaluation.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document, specifically a "Memo Routing Slip" related to some kind of official communication or request.

Transcribed text from the document:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

CHIEF OF STAFF
USAF
T-39-I, SARRATT BLDG
ROOM 4-B 942

Forwarded pursuant to JANEDH between Mrs. Cromwell and your office, and Miss Friend, this office.

Ltr 25 set $3 fr
Richard Peery

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or report related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Project Blue Book
Washington 25, D.C.
Burlington, Mass.
out 28, 62

Gentlemen:
I am forty-nine years old and I am reporting something which I saw about a month ago. About nine thirty one evening I was looking up into the sky and saw something that just seemed to blow up - and it looked like a big flash and then it seemed to blow up again. And then there was no more of it. I do not know what it could have been. But I do want to report that I have seen something and I hope that you will look into it and see what my be explained.
The "U.F.O." incident was around my town and there are all interested in this. We are all wondering what may be happening. Today I say a true move on U.F.O.'s and I am wondering. They said that they do exist. I want your true opinion on that. Do they exist or do not exist.
Another thing I would like to know is if you have any data where from this come from. I heard that out but the only logical place is Mars where have a thing for Mars. If have found that more have a thing than to Mars than any other planet. So I would like all the information on U.F.O.'s as possible.

THANK YOU

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

Burlington, Mass.
Project Blue Book 
Washington, D.C.
The Pentagon Building

- page 4 -

