PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
14 Sep 63

2. LOCATION
Susanville, California

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1535
GMT 14/2358Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual   ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual      ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
two

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 minutes

8. COURSE
1. Erratic

9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One object described as long in flight to SE. Second object resembling balloon. Described moved in erratic manner until the long object came into view. Then round object and long object at terrific speed. Either object could be long object or disappeared.

10. COMMENTS
From description the long object is probably an a/c. The round object is carried as UNIDENTIFIED as no known object or phenomena has any of the reported characteristics indicated in the report.

SEE CASE FILE.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)

11. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☒ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other (Insufficient Data for Evaluation)
☐ Unknown


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of this object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
Round object moved faster than any known aircraft I have observed, with no sound or interception of long object

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you this object was?    Nothing in clear sky to gauge, Comparison with 24 appeared to be very high
(Circle One)     Yes     No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw this object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. in the business section of a city?
b. in the residential section of a city?
c. in open country?
d. Near an airfield? At home in country within 3/4 mile of Susanville Airport
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East          e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes     No
b. Sun glasses    Yes     No
c. Windshield     Yes     No
d. Window glass   Yes     No

e. Binoculars     Yes     No
f. Telescope      Yes     No
g. Theodolite     Yes     No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

Round object - Round ball.
Long object - Cigar with fin on each side. Round end forward, fire end to rear.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at this point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place on "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

A B- Round Object
C-D- Long Object

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of this path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Long Object
My relative
Position

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

Trail-yellowish-brown- when it first sighted
Long Object
Round object at this
location when long
object first sighted

My relative position

R- Round Object intercepts long Object
and blends into long object

Long object when it disappeared from
sight to clear sky


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Susanville, Calif.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS   Susanville   City   California   Zone
TELEPHONE NUMBER   AGE   58   SEX   M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
37 years with U.S.Forest Service Training locations for fire detection. During the war, working with Army Air Forces in Los Angeles area in locality, manning and training personnel for air craft observation Corps work on desert and forest posts to locate and report all aircraft overhead.
Have been assigned as Asst Liaison Officer, Forest Headquarters is rather near Marysville City, California. Have had no past 18 years. Have been on lookout for any UFOs ever since they have been in First, expected, first time in one ever seen one as when seen, would be quite certain I would less cautious if I did later.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 1. Col. Marion M. Darby Wing Ops Off.
13   September   1963   Year   2. Capt. Frank E. Harris, Wing Duty
                                    Officer, Stand AFB, Nev.


- page 4 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    22   October    1963
     (from) Day         Month         Year
     C. Lightfoot

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

1. When I first sighted the round object that it was a toy balloon, except it did not have any appendage behind. It was a perfect sphere. Sun was at back and could plainly see form was a sphere. Its erratic moving, changing directions and stopping made me realize upon air currents would not normally move a balloon. In such manner - air currents were too fast and too definite in direction change.

2. After going over my head, asked my father some if he "could see anything up there" and pointed in westerly direction. He said "yes - its round" and immediately added - "There's a long one". I picked up the long object just as he made the statement was positive from this that he saw exactly the same objects I was looking at.

3. After the long object had disappeared I told him what UFO's were. He wanted to know what UFO's meant so explained them to him. After this short explanation I thought to look at my watch. It was 1535. From this I estimated I had observed UFO's for about 5 minutes and that the sighting had lasted approximately 10 minutes prior to their disappearance.

4. When round object moved at terrific speed. I tried very long object I asked my father "Did you see that?" He was very carefully for any sound. (Whether or not he heard anything.)


- page 5 -

When first sighted the movements of the round object gave the definite impression that it was waiting for, or testing for, something. Appeared to be a "continuous" as after the hazy object came into sight it just passed shortly south-ward from the over head position. The round object seemed to get it out. Took off like a shot to make the interception. I watched very carefully to see whether the round object would pass. The long object, but it did not. It looked as though the round object had attached itself to the long object but could not tell whether such attachment actually occurred or whether the round object was above or below the long object.


- page 6 -

UFO Sightings & Information Sheet

In USAF SAFOI-PS (Stu Callear)
Wash DC

1. On 13 August 1963 was reported sighting an unidentified flying object. From the information presented the case is unable to identify the sighting. In a report as carried in the release for the general public. It is suggested that a copy of this release be forwarded to:

Carterville, Illinois

2. On 15 August 1963 was reported observations of the kind of 16 August 1963. The case is carried as unidentified. A brief description of the observations were included in the brochure sent to persons requesting information on unidentified flying objects. It is suggested that a copy of this brochure be forwarded to:

Switzerland

3. On 16 September 1963 was made a sighting of two objects. Investigation by local officials and a completed STD form 164 contained essentially data necessary for evaluation of the sighting. However, no positive conclusion can be reached from the reports received and the case is carried unidentified. It is suggested that two copies of the brochure released to the public be forwarded to:

Susanville, California


- page 7 -

On 7 October 1963 Nha [illegible text] and five additional observers witnessed a bright light. From the report it was impossible to determine the source of the light and for what sighting it was carried as unidentified. This sighting is listed in the released for the public and is suggested that a copy of this release be sent to here at.

Lanham, Maryland

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC W. de JONCKHEERS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Biosystems

1 Atch
5 x79 Fact Sheet


- page 8 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

SEP 17 1963

HEADQUARTERS USAF DIRECT INTELLIGENCE TEAR SHEET
TO: DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE
TECH APR CALIF
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT (UFO) REPORT

THE FOLLOWING REPORT IS SUBMITTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AFR 200-2.

PART I - PRELIMINARY ANALYSIS

A (1) SUBJECT: THIS SITE AND ONE CAMP HUNTER, USAF, NEAR SUSANVILLE, CALIF.

NICELY MADE THE SITE OF A VISUAL SIGHTING OF A FLYING OBJECT ON 14 AUG 63 (3) ESTABLISHED (4) (5) (6) (7)

PAGE TWO L 87 L COLS

(Some text in the middle section is partially illegible or obscured)

The document appears to be a UFO report from September 17, 1963, related to a sighting near Susanville, California on August 14, 1963. Some portions of the text are blacked out or difficult to read completely.


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some text appears to be blacked out/redacted, so those sections are represented by blank spaces]

10-33
105-63671
Susanville, Lassen Co.
Downey & Circle & Grass
Do Verified

[The rest of the text is partially legible, with some words and sections obscured or difficult to read clearly. The document appears to be an official report, likely related to a UFO sighting or investigation in Susanville, California. Some handwritten notes are visible on the right side of the page.]


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

14 SEPT 9/12     OFFICIAL FILE COPY     6 COPIES

TDSW
Request for UFO Information (c)

3635th Flight Training Wing
Stead AFB, Nevada

1. Reference your message SD-F-17-328, regarding a UFO sighting
by Mr. [redacted] of Susanville, California.

2. We have been unable to identify a specific balloon launch
in the area of Susanville, California, for 14 Sep 63.

3. It is requested that [partially illegible] out the enclosed Form 164
giving particular attention to the fill path, maneuver of
the objects. If possible, maneuvers of the objects should be given
in terms of time, in minutes or seconds, and the degree of arc
through which the objects passed.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

2 Atch
1. Msg fm 3635 FLTWNG,
Stead AFB, Nev, SD-F-
17-328
2. FTD Form 164


- page 11 -

14 SEP

1/3357

Hotelgram

NO
Balloon YES

IF YES FLIGHT #

FROM


- page 12 -

HEADQUARTERS
3635TH FLYING TRAINING WING (ADVANCED) [ATC]
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
STEAD AIR FORCE BASE, NEVADA

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: OP

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information (Mr[redacted])

TO: FTD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB Ohio

1. Reference is made to your letter TDEW, 15 Oct 63, Request for UFO Information (Mr[redacted]) w/2 Atch: Msg fm 3635 FLYING WG, Stead AFB, Nev, SD-D-17-108; 2. FTD Form 164.

2. Mr[redacted] has completed FTD Form 164 and it is returned herewith as requested in referenced letter.

FOR THE COMMANDER

MARION M. BAIER
Lt Col, USAF
Wing Operations Officer

1 Atch
Completed FTD Form 164


- page 13 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
14    Sept    1963

2. Time of day:    3    15-30
                (Circle One):    A.M.    or    P.M.

3. Time Zone:    (Circle One):    a. Eastern    a. Daylight Saving
                b. Central    b. Standard
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                d. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? At my home-Johnstonville, Calif.
                Nearest Postal Address    Susanville    Lassen Co., California
                City or Town            State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)    0    Appr. 10
                                    Hours    Minutes    Seconds
    a. Certain    c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?    Estimated
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No

    Checked watch after
    object disappeared
    It was 15:35 approx.
    Estimated 9 openings
    between 15:15 and 15:30
    hours

6. What was the condition of the sky?    DAY    NIGHT
                                        a. Bright    a. Bright
                                        b. Cloudy    b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at it?
(Circle One):    a. In front of you    d. To your left
                b. In back of you    e. Overhead
                c. To your right    f. Don't remember

    Noted passed overhead
    to southwest SUN was then
    in front of me as I was
    looking back where object
    was

FTD GCT 28 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 60, which is obsolete.


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

Gave definite impression of being
Translucent but not transparent. Was
silvery in color but lighter in color than
normal highly polished aluminum.

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
See note 10 above.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other:

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear? Disappeared to

Round Object
(Circle One for each question)

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
reappear

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
16 17:35 Hrs. Did not see this after.

Cigar Smooth

No
No-slightly
No
No
No
No
No
Disappeared

(own notes) 2 or 3 miles at altitude. Was in north east direction with sun at our back on this sighting. Object was


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
I. Round object changed course & was so interested long object kicked out yellowish-brown trail when it charged course. Speed up charged and kicked long object rapidly and object disappeared just as though it became part of long object.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? No clouds. Round object
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know
It moved behind: being cigar shaped object and appeared red. & became part of long object as round object did not pass long object.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? No clouds.
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know
In front of: Looking up could not tell whether round object was above or below long object. All round object blended into long object when later was intercepted.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Absolutely no audible sound from either object listened closely.
b. Color: Silvery - Lighter than polished aluminum. Both objects gave off silvery-lighter than polished aluminum. But not transparent.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a brown object and note how sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? If you had performed this experiment in the open air of a flat sighting, object of: 1/2 of diameter of object.
b. Long object - 1/16 of length - 1/4 of diameter.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Diagram includes two sketches labeled "Round Object" and "Long Object" with detailed annotations about their appearance and movement]


- page 16 -

