The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from a Project Blue Book record card that provides details about a UFO sighting that occurred in Syracuse, New York in August 1963. The card includes information such as the date, location, type of observation, source, length of observation, number of objects, and a brief summary of the sighting. The text on the card indicates that the observer reported seeing "three strange blinking lights" which appeared to be on a path of a/c in flight, and that the analysis on the card concludes that the event is "insufficient data for evaluation".

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
August 1963
2. LOCATION
Syracuse, New York
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local night
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ü Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS
Ü Yes
6. SOURCE
Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not reported
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
three
9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Three strange blinking lights crossed path of a/c in flight. Witness called Air.
10. CONCLUSIONS
Ü Insufficient Data for Evaluation
11. COMMENTS
No report from AF of any UFO. Since subject presented flight characteristics of a/c and no UFO report was received, nothing presented conflicts with this analysis.

- page 1 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document, possibly a report or correspondence related to Project Blue Book.

The text on the page reads:

West Des Moines,
Iowa

General Eugene Martin Zuekert
Asst of the Air Force
Pentagon Building,
Washington D. C.

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1952 to 1969.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Dear Sirs,
Last August while visiting Syracuse, New York I was watching an apparent other man-made object doing some strange maneuvers. U.F.O.s that were traveling at such great speed that crossed the entire sky were followed by an international team and when reported to the Air Defense Command Headquarters for operation information. Others had reported them that day also.

I have been very interested in U.F.O. sightings & have searched all the books in the library that I could get my hands on. I have collected a number of reports on this subject. Being a writer, I am greatly interested in such additional information on this matter. If you have any information on this matter I would sincerely appreciate it.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]
Maj., Ret. Air Force

- page 3 -

