There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card containing various information fields filled out, such as the date, location, type of observation, source, length of observation, number of objects, course, and a brief summary of the sighting.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 15 MAY 1963
2. LOCATION: Beaufort, South Carolina
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1030
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 
5. GMT: 1330002
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 12 minutes
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: SW
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Light at 30 degrees elevation, travel 5-10 degrees in 3-5 sec, then hovered apparently motionless 5 sec, suddenly disappeared, sighter states did not see lighting effects, trajectory and speed were characteristics not conforming to normal aircraft.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
41. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: ALEX MELTS
ADDRESS: Street, City, Zip, State
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
42. Date you completed this questionnaire: _ / _ / _

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

L/C R. J. Friend
FDD ATFB 9252
WASHDC 20 MI5
July 2, 1963

Dear Mrs. G,

I am sorry that you were unable to benefit from the previous echo schedule. Following is the echo schedule for Beaufort, South Carolina for the dates indicated:

4 July 1963
09.39 PM North of City, 74째 Above Horizon Moving 3E 
5 July 1963
08.28 PM North of City, 51째 Above Horizon Moving 3E
9 July 1963 
09.38 PM South of City, 74째 Above Horizon Moving 3E
7 July 1963
08.35 PM North of City, 68째 Above Horizon Moving 3E

Your sighting of 18 May is under study.

Sincerely,

ROBERT J. FRIEND
Lt Col, USAF

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page of a written report or document.

THE BEAUFORT, SOUTH CAROLINA

the timetable which was sent in the interest
of our greater appreciation respectively, the evan-
ing of 6 May 1963 as reported here, was a case of
near zero visibility. Our ready thick weather seems to
be pacing now, however, and last evening was beforo
similar to which we have seen no more "familiar" in the
sky, we have heard from other people in our areas that
they're receiving from their "relatives" about time used
on all dances greatest in that particular situation.

when look over again for another such sightings
from our personnel.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or document. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

Dear Mrs.

Following is the Echo schedule for Beaufort, South Carolina for the dates indicated:

21 June 1963
01.54 AM-South Of City-570 above horizon-moving SE.
01.05 AM-North Of City-649 above horizon-moving SE.
10.43 PM-North Of City-536 above horizon-moving SE.

22 June 1963 
00.31 AM-North Of City-349 above horizon-moving SE.
02.50 AM-South Of City-302 above horizon-moving SE.
09.10 PM-North Of City-354 above horizon-moving SE.
11.14 PM-North Of City-370 above horizon-moving SE.

23 June 1963
01.55 AM-South Of City-315 above horizon-moving SE.
10.47 PM-North Of City-336 above horizon-moving SE.

24 June 1963
00.31 AM-North Of City-330 above horizon-moving SE.

Sincerely,

ROBERT J. FRIEND
Lt Col, USAF

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report documenting a UFO sighting in Beaufort, South Carolina on May 16, 1963.

BEAUFORT, SOUTH CAROLINA
May 16, 1963.

Director of Operations
Headquarters U.S.A.F.,
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Sir:

At the request of your representatives, I am submitting a report of the strange occurrence sighted in the Heavens and having a reasonably good explanation. 

On the evenings of Saturday and Sunday, May 11 and 12, we spend some time aboard our boat, tied to a mooring, looking at the heavens. South of Beaufort, South Carolina, gazing at the Heavens.

On the night of May 13, nearly nine, I could not see object clearly as my eyes were adjusted for darkness. This object seemed to be about third above the western horizon in a west-south-west direction. That it was something more than a star was indicated by the fact that it began changing reflections as though it was surrounded by a revolving shroud or mantle.

We watched this object for about 15 minutes. It seemed to slowly drift across our line of vision, disappearing behind clouds, but its reflective lights remained visible. It did not appear to change its elevation during this observation. 

We would very much like to know what we saw. Can you give us your opinion?

Yours very truly,
[Redacted]

Case No. 10 - Although it may have been an aircraft we feel this is a bad case of insufficient follow-up. We evaluate it, therefore, IF. The youth of the witness and the fact that there was only one witness makes some of us feel that this should not be ranked as a first-class unidentified, but rather as "indeterminate" or "insufficient corroboration."

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document, possibly related to a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

The text from the document is as follows:

"The friend/623):-
June 1963

We refer to your call on 26 May (Case No. 
Reference: 623 attached indicates "UFO sightings".
Please furnish information on this case for up to date action you may deem necessary.

Property information and details contain a number of inconsistencies with the sun reports on similar cases.

We have noted this case and have obtained further details. The information received indicates that the object reported was observed for some time and was seen to move in various directions at different speeds.

The apparent size of this object has been evaluated and it was estimated to be about the size of a passenger airliner. It was in view for about 10-15 minutes and was seen by several witnesses. The weather conditions at the time were clear.

The above data is forwarded for your information and any action you may deem appropriate."

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a technical information sheet from the U.S. Air Force regarding unidentified serial phenomena observed. 

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified serial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 9 May 1963
2. Time of day: 1:00 Minutes: 00 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Beaufort, South Carolina
5. How long was object in sight? 1 Minutes 15 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy b. NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy 
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

The text in the document has been fully transcribed as requested.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The document appears to be a questionnaire or form used to gather information about a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. More b. Fewer c. Same d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. More b. Less c. Dull moonlight d. No moonlight - pitch dark

9. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? AS BRIGHTEST STARS

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or slow down at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? COULD'T TELL Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Give off light? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object remain behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Yes or No)
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire with various questions about an unidentified object.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound NONE
b. Color LIGHT

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Drawing of an elliptical object]

18. The edges of the object were:
a. Circle Crisp or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
[Handwritten text] 2 OR 3
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
[Handwritten text] 2 OR 3 - OBJECTS IN TRIANGULAR FORMATION MOVING IN SAME DIRECTION

- page 10 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a document with text and instructions, but no photograph.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

An x, y plot of 20.5, 21.5 - 25.5, 13.5 - 25.5, 19.5

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object, and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

Seemed to slowly fade away.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Disc-shaped object or objects which, when viewed from a distance, would appear similar in size and shape to the one observed.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other: _______________

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Over water?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other: _______________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
____________________________________________________________________

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One):
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One):
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One):
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction) try to estimate the direction of the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North __250__ degrees.
b. From horizon __20__ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ___36___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___25___ degrees.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and checkboxes for the observer to fill out.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy or scattered clouds 
c. Thin or light clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No 

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
P. L. Stewart -

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 13 -

