The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 23 July 63 24/02302
2. LOCATION: Stoneham, Massachusetts
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 Minutes
7. COURSE: 335
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: SATELLITE

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it is a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document. The document appears to be a questionnaire used for gathering information about UFO sightings.

Text output from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as complete and accurate information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information you provide will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any article, search, or publication, without your permission. We request this personal information to assist in the evaluation of your report.

1. When did you see the object? 22 July 1963

2. Time of day: 10:05 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific

4. Where were you when you saw the object? STONEHAM, MASSACHUSETTS

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 seconds

a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? ESTIMATED

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?  a. DAY: (Circle One) b. NIGHT: (Circle One)
   Bright Cloudy Hazy Bright Hazy 
   Cloudy Overcast Moonlight

7. IF you saw the object DURING DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object: (Circle One) a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left

FORM FTD OCT 53 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 41, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. The document appears to be a questionnaire or form for recording details about a sighting of a UFO or unidentified object.

B. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Scattered clouds, c. Solid or continuous clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Dull, b. Bright, c. Transparent, d. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Sharply defined, b. Blurry, c. Like a bright star, d. Other (please describe on the lines)

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still or move?, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away?, c. Break up into parts or explode?, d. Give off smaller objects?, e. Change brightness?, f. Change shape?, g. Flash or flicker?, h. Disappear and reappear?

The completed form contains numerous handwritten notes and responses to the questions, but no additional photographs or images.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with several questions about the observed UFO.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or one's length in line with a known object at the distance the object is observed from. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch the color, size, number, relative position, etc., of the object as you observed it. Please do not make the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES (NO)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES (NO) 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? APPROX. 2000 YARDS

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _________________

23. Were you (Circle One) 
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open country-side
d. Near an airfield
e. Flying over a city
f. Flying over open country

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour
24.3 Did you see the object while you were looking at the obje ct? (Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle any that apply)
a. Eyeglasses YES No
b. Sun glasses YES No
c. Windshield YES No
d. Window glass YES No
e. Binoculars YES No
f. Telescope YES No
g. Theodolite YES No
h. Other __________

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.
Star-like & small, moving rapidly across the sky

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram and instructions. The diagram appears to show the path and direction of an unidentified object, with a compass-like symbol in the bottom right corner.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the given line to show how high the object was above the horizon (by-line) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the line to show where the object was when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a form or document from Project Blue Book, likely an investigation report regarding a UFO sighting.

Transcribing the text:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
(Redacted)

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: (Redacted)
ADDRESS: (Redacted), Stoneham, 20, Mass.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: (Redacted)
AGE: 18 SEX: MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent: HIGH SCHOOL STUDENT (10th GRADE)

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
2-22-63
Sergeant, Massachusetts State Police

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text output from the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 5-4 19 6  Month    Day     Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting: No-tz

5AT 01 UFO
Department of the Secretary
Office of the Secretary
Washington, D.C. 20330

- page 8 -

