PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
23 Oct 1963

2. LOCATION
New Hampton, New Hampshire

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local 2105R
GMT 24/0205Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. SOURCE
CIVILIAN

6. PHOTOS
Yes
No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 Minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
2

9. COURSE
NE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Letter to reporting sighting followed by form with information. See case file.

11. COMMENTS
Inconsistencies in report. Case carried as conflicting data.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Probably Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Aircraft
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Conflicting Data
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Some fell to ground

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES then tell what
It moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: ______
b. Color: ______

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
will tell if it was more than a finger or less

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of this object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially amount will or your results.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction object was moving.

[Note: Some handwritten text is partially illegible]


- page 3 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?    900    +/- 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?    23. Were you (Circle One)
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building                                a. in the business section of a city?
b. In a car                                         b. in the residential section of a city?
c. Outdoors                                         c. in open country-side?
d. In an airplane (type)                            d. Near an airfield?
e. At sea                                           e. Flying over a city?
f. Other                                            f. Flying over open country?
                                                     g. Other at a west school

24. IF YOU WERE MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)    a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
                                                     b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No                          e. Binoculars    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No                          f. Telescope    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No                           g. Theodolite    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No                         h. Other

26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document contains a compass diagram and two sketches showing object trajectories, with instructions for marking the path and height of observed objects.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give Date or dates, and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes    No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
[Personal details are redacted/blacked out]
City: New Hampton
Zone: 13, H.
AGE: 12     SEX: [blank]

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen this object?
[Partially filled out with some text, but details are not fully legible]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: [Handwritten date is partially illegible]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[Handwritten text, partially legible, appears to read:]
"The UFO appeared at
[remainder of first line illegible]
such this is with
something in this [remaining text illegible]
complicated blending.

Please notify me if
you desire any
significant
my sighting.

Thank you."


- page 7 -

February 12, 1964

Dear [redacted]

The Air Force has attempted an evaluation of the observation you reported in your letter of October 23, 1963, and in the Technical Information Sheet subsequently forwarded to this Headquarters.

There were several inconsistencies between your letter and the Form 164. In your letter you stated the objects were reported as west, while on the completed Form the direction indicated was to the east. Also, in your letter you indicated speeds slower than meteors and comparable to aircraft. In the Form you indicated the estimated speed as 200 mph for the two objects. Further, in your letter the flight of the two objects was reported to be west, while the objects finally striking below the horizon. In the completed Form, the motion of the objects was given as southeast. As a result, this sighting has been listed in a category of "Conflicting Data" and requires this evaluation.

As a possible solution to the observation, based on the assumption that the information supplied in your letter was correct and the reported time of sighting was in error by two hours, it may be assumed that you witnessed the setting Antares between 7-710 p.m., local time. Antares was just above the horizon at 2259 azimuth and Mars in a similar position at 234° azimuth. These astronomical bodies had a magnitude of -1.3 and -1.7 respectively. If you observed these as described, the description of your sighting would conform with this analysis.

Sincerely,
MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

The New Hampton School
New Hampton, New Hampshire 03256


- page 8 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:    TDEN

SUBJECT:    UFO Sighting (New Hampton, New Hampshire)

TO:         Hq USAF SAFOI-PB (Mrs Gaiser)
            Wash 25 D C

1.    The following information is provided to assist you in a reply
to Mr.                 regarding an object which he sighted on 23 Oct 63.

2.    A letter was received from                 with several bits of
conflicting information and a form 164 was sent to him for com-
pletion. The completed form was returned, however, there are still
several inconsistencies in the information that he has provided.

    a. In his letter of 23 October 1963, the direction in which
the objects were sighted was reported as West, while on the completed
form the direction indicated was to the East.

    b. In his letter he indicates speeds slower than meteors and
considers the speeds comparable to a/c. In the completed form he
estimated the speed at 200 MPH, yet the arc distance traveled was
less than 15 degrees in 15 minutes.

    c. In his letter the direction of flight of the two objects
was reported to the West with the objects finally sinking below the
horizon. In the completed form the motion of the objects was given
as Southeast.

3.    The sighting has been placed in the Other (Conflicting
Data) category and carrying this evaluation, as a possible solution
we can offer an explanation of the sighting based on these assumptions:

    a. Information supplied in the letter is correct and that given
on the form is erroneous.

    b.                 reported time of the sighting (1C70ST) was in
error by two hours.

4.    Accepting the above assumptions the case could be evaluated as the
setting of Antares and Mars. Between 1900-1910 Antares was just above
the horizon at 225 degrees azimuth and Mars in a similar position at


- page 9 -

234 degrees azimuth. These astronomical bodies had a magnitude of 4.3 and 4.7 respectively. If the description of objects at about 5 degrees elevation would conform with this analysis.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of ERIC J. de JONCKHEERE]
ERIC J. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

1 Atch
Case File
(New Hampton, N.H.)

2


- page 10 -

THE NEW HAMPTON SCHOOL
NEW HAMPTON, NEW HAMPSHIRE
03256

October 23, 1963

Handman,

At precisely 9:03 D.S.T. time, I was on
my way blinking yellow slowly, white, small
light, turning in the western sky, apparently
followed by an identical light. It seemed that
these were moving miles apart, though both were
several miles apart. The two, irregularly blinking
alternately moved in a westerly direction and
gradually sunk over the horizon. At times, they
seemed almost one orange-white. Having
little markers before, I am certain there were
velocity other than apparent. But of a nature
that they have been a surprise - the color
remained at one location on the sky and
remained a pure color - not fire, very orange.

Please do not consider any report
as or of an element in prejudice. They study
time as valuable, but being unbelievable in accuracy
I tell it very clearly to make this significant. Please
address me. New Hampton, N.H.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature and communication dept blacked out]


- page 11 -

Text found in the document:

NEW HAMPTON, NEW HAMPSHIRE
6128

National Space and Aeronautics Dept.
Washington, D.C.


- page 12 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEM
SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO: Hq USAF SAF-OIPH (Mr. [redacted])
Wash 25 D C

1. Reference the attached letter from [redacted] dated
23 Oct 53, requesting information on unidentified flying objects.
Our records indicate no previous correspondence hereon.

2. [redacted]'s letter contains insufficient data for evaluation.
It is suggested that a Form 164 be sent to him for completion.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[signature]
FRED G. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

1 Atch
n/s


- page 13 -

November 5, 1963

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

This is in reply to your letter of October 23, 1963, in which you reported sighting two irregular blinking lights in the sky on that evening.

Since we are unable to reach a conclusion on the sighting without additional information, we are requesting hereto a Form FTD 164 which we request you fill out and return to this office for additional investigation. For your convenience we are also enclosing a self-addressed envelope. Upon receipt of the Form FTD Investigation will be made and you will be advised of the results.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Enclosures
[redacted]
New Hampton, New Hampshire 03256


- page 14 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. You agree that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
23     10     63
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: [Blank]
(Circle One)   A.M. or (P.M.)

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern   (Circle One): a. Daylight b. Standard
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted address]
New Hampton    N.H.
City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
15
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain     c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Continuous per witness determining

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?  Yes   No [Checked No]

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
b. In back of you   e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember

PTD FORM
OCT 52 164   This form supersedes PTD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete


- page 15 -

