PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
25 March 1963

2. LOCATION
Chevy Chase, Maryland

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
1930

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual X   Ground-Radar   Air-Visual   Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
No X Yes

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
nine

9. COURSE
West/down

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Outside observing ECHO. Shortly after ECHO passed obj observed at 40-50 dgr ele-'lon in light fm East to West. Several obj trailed that were bright red. Total duration reported now as 3 seconds. Detailed description furnished DOD of the nine objects.

11. COMMENTS
Witness contacted by L/Col Friend and discussion of event indicates that object was a bolide, which exploded into nine pieces.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical Meteor X
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

(ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52))


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

The Path of the March Bolide
CHARLES P. OLIVIER, Director, American Meteor Society

A VERY BRIGHT fireball was seen at 10:12 p.m. Eastern Standard Time March 25, 1963, over the Middle Atlantic states. It was reported from Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Maryland, Delaware, Virginia, and North Carolina. Observations in Chesapeake Bay and neighboring waters were also received.

At the time, the writer was near Washington, D.C., and the Star carried his report from observations by the public. A number of reports come directly to the American Meteor Society.

When the orbit was calculated, the first sighting of the March 25th fireball seemed to be over central Pennsylvania. At a point B on the map, Since their I have point B on the celestial sphere, the height was 25 miles over E, in the Atlantic Ocean. At the table shows, the atmosphere track from B to E was 254 miles (the new report indicates this is 252 miles).

Most observers did not estimate how long the meteor was visible, and many gave no estimate of the path. Several used the visual method of timing, which is known to have some uncertainty. However, a photographic determination of the path gave 28 miles per second.

A striking explosion of the fireball occurred above point N, as the main body partially disintegrated. Apparently there were at least two more flares farther along, but not so great as the first. The "sparks" from the explosion were orange or red.

An observer in Newport News, Virginia, said that a dozen or more fragments fell near Elliott, Maryland.

[The rest of the text continues but is partially cut off at the bottom of the page]

The document also includes a map of the Mid-Atlantic region showing the path of the meteor, and a graph showing the gradual descent of the fireball.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

THE PATH OF THE MARCH BOLIDE
(Continued from page 265)

and around the meteor's radiant
the sky are obtained. Knowing the sidereal
time of the event, we then compute the
coordinates of the radiant. In this case
near Cygnus Navidomide. The table
gives the orbital elements of the meteor
as well as the arc of solar system before
its break-up.

The elements show that the fireball
overbook the earth, and moved in a plane
inclined only 13°.5 to the ecliptic. This
is by enough to indicate that the meteor
to come from the asteroid zone. Its perihelion point, as is almost always the case,
is inside our orbit. The velocity driven
is the vector sum of the meteor's heliocentric velocity and that of the earth - 
in other words, its speed relative to our
atmosphere.

It is probable that another bright meteor appeared at nearly the same time as
this fireball; its motion was toward the
northeast, but the two reports received

here do not permit an analysis of its path
to be made.

I am indebted to the scores of observers
who supplied the detailed observations

AMERICAN METEOR SOCIETY FIREBALL NO. 2376
Date                    1963 March 26.13
Sidereal time at end point E    15.3 d (109°.3m)
First determined point, B        Long. - 77° 39', lat. - 30° 25', height 85 s
Point of rain explosion, N       Long. - 73° 36', lat. - 30° 24', height 55 s
Last determined point, E         Long. - 73° 02', lat. - 37° 21', height 37 s
Epoch 1950.0                     +03 km
Lens & of actual path, BE        410 km
Duration of visible meteor       9 seconds
Observed velocity                15 Kilometers per second; very uncertain
Radiant coordinates              Altitude h 6 - 41°, azimuth 147°
Zenith correction, parabolic     h 8' 32"
Radiant correction               R. A. 22h 8.6 dec. - 41° 8
Equatorial coordinates           R. A. 22h 7.1 dec. - 29° 30'
Orbital coordinates:
   Inclination to the ecliptic    13.5
   Longitude of ascending node    + 5.3
   Longitude of perihelion        +13.3 s
   Perihelion distance            0.89 astronomical unit

needed for this study. The Washington Franklin Institute, a-d Smith Institution played essential roles in gathering of reports.


- page 3 -

No Case (Information Only)                                26 March 1963
Norfolk, Virginia to
Long Island Sound, New York

Sky and Telescope June 1963 Issue page 343 has request from Dr Olivier for data
on this matter. Reported time was 1012 PM.

PITTSBURG POST-GAZETTE-3/27/63
Mar 26,1963-A meteor which gave a glowing
sky show was seen by hundreds of persons
from Norfolk, Va to Long Island Sound in
N.Y. It was seen shortly after 10 PM. "At
first I thought it was a plane in trouble"
related one Washington-area woman. "Then
it looked like a flare, or a sky-rocket,
it had a reddish glow to it" Geo-rec. U
astronomers said the object was a "fire-
ball meteor."


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

...A strange glowing object, which may have been a meteor, was seen in many parts of Long Island on the night of March 25th. One witness described it as "a circular object that appeared like a fluorescent greenish light." It seemed to throw off white fire streaks from a tail as it disappeared behind a cloud and then reappeared. The object was also seen as far away as Norfolk, Virginia.

SIGHTING SAUCER VISITS STATUE OF LIBERTY: Many of the East Coast papers carried stories of a "meteor" which was seen traveling south on the night of March 25th. It seems strange that no seismographs record shock waves or any other reports of the meteor's impact were made. Even though the meteor traveled from the coast of Maine to Norfolk, Va. at extremely low altitudes, it evidently did not strike the earth. For those readers who find the antics of such an unusual meteor strange or hard to believe, we give the story of one of the witnesses, who was personally interviewed by SAUCER NEWS Assistant Editor John J. Robinson.

On March 5th John G. Troy, who lives in Staten Island, N.Y. and works in Jersey City, N.J., was driving south on Holiday St. in Bayonne, N.J. at 10:10 p.m., when he suddenly saw a large object come slicing down out of the sky. The object was above Clove Point, which is on the Jersey Shore of New York Bay. Directly opposite to Clove Point, Troy noticed a descending UFO leveled off at an elevation Troy estimated to be about 200 feet, at a distance of nearly a half mile away.

About 40 miles an hour, Troy noted that the object was so low that houses were clearly visible through it, even though he had several in the rear of his car. Mr. Troy said that he was at his house, on Westside Ave. in Bayonne, when it was visible. He watched it as a plant plane would, and it seemed to him that the object did some sort of landing maneuver. He said like 200 feet above ground, presenting only a thin clear-shaped shadow in the slightly overcast twilight sky. For the next few seconds more, he watched. Mr. Troy was also aware of a peculiar scanning sound as the object slowly revolved through the air.


- page 5 -

Fireball Over Eastern Seaboard

The night of March 25, 1963 produced a brilliant fireball at about 10:00 p.m., which was seen by thousands of observers along the Eastern seaboard of the U.S.

Coming from the north, the object passed over Allentown, Pottstown, and Philadelphia, Pa., Washington, D.C., and Richmond, Va. It was also seen as far off this path as Harrisburg, Pa., Long Island, N.Y., and Newark, N.J.

The fireball was flying low when it passed over Pottstown, Pa., and along Maryland's eastern shore. Most experts felt that the object was a meteor. However, Mr. Christie Urack, an electronics engineer for the Air Force at the Camden-Moorestown RCA plant, felt that the object's trajectory was not correct for a meteor.

The object appeared white with a long orange tail and turned a luminous blue green toward the latter part of its flight. Pieces appeared to break off from the tail and appeared as reddish-orange sparks. The main object also emitted flashes of light which were very brilliant. Hunting parties were organized to search for the object as some witnesses felt it had fallen to earth. However, no trace of the object was found.


- page 6 -

