PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
10 Dec 1963

2. LOCATION
White Plains, New York

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 23032

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual
☐ Air-Visual
☒ Source: Civilian

5. GMT
10/07302

6. PHOTOS
☒ Yes
☐ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
± Falling

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Vibrating sensation in ears awakened observer. Located out window to East. Saw bright yellow light with sharp rays along in all directions. Moved to be at edge of roof. Went back to bedroom and got glasses. Object now appeared dull yellow and had moved down to left from point of initial observation. Dark sky. No stars and moon.

11. COMMENTS
Unidentified. Pending further consideration duration not included. 8/25/64 Review indicates that a flare dropped from some a/c is a logical cause of the case as presented by the witness. While there are no data which indicate this could NOT be a cause of the sighting.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other: Unidentified Flare
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 25 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

bright deep yellow at the bottom, I figured it
was this sphere connected like what I saw
in the daytime eleven years ago, July 29, 1952.
That crescent appeared to be part of the
connecting sphere showing up as a crescent.

Maybe you can determine the degree of
height from a sketch and my being on
the second floor of my house which is
located on lower ground than the house.
White Plains, N.Y.

The bottom of the page appears to have some additional text, but it is mostly illegible or upside down from this orientation.


- page 2 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

23. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    15 Dec     1 December     1963
    Day        Month           Year

Also reported the July 17/52 phenomenon to
this same intelligence in Ohio on July 29/52

[The rest of the document contains text that is too illegible to confidently transcribe.]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
July 22, 1952
"One 1/2 yrs ago, July 17, 1952, I reported to guard two spheres, attached to a frame. They were immovable and seemed to be rotating. I was about 15 yards away. I was in my back yard."

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw this object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: White Plains, New York
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 66   SEX: F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
"I do part-time secretarial work. I'm between assignments. I'm an artist. I studied art for several years. I'm also a portrait painter."

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen this object?
Day: 15   Month: December   Year: 1963
To: Seymour Air Intelligence Center
ATIC-AT/AAS

Also reported on July 17/52 phenomenon
this same address was made on July 22/52


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    17    February    1964
                                             Day     Month      Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Relative to 3. 5 - or long as object in sight:

The next day I estimated the seconds by the second hand of my bedroom clock; re-enacting my motions on sighting, going starting to turn back from a 180° facing a right yellow light between Venetian glass I raise the Venetian blind, returned to find that the object had disappeared at a speed a... appeared to a yellow circle and then traveled faster or more when I noticed a perfect bright deep yellow crescent rising to the bottom of the circle or disk.

* * * * * * * * * * * *

At about 2:29 A.M., I awakened with a vibrating sensation in my ears. I waited for a few seconds and for an inexplicable reason I was drawn to the bathroom window which is close to my bedroom on the east side. I then faced south-east. The ball of light shooting out in all directions appeared to be at the two sides of the left-hand corner of the roof of the house behind me. Briefly, this is 1957 Davis Ave. The object changed from a perfect disk at Miller in color, but still bright enough that I assumed it was in front of all the branches of the tree less at or within same. I really thought at was noon (12:00) or perhaps 2:00 P.M. It was so clear and bright. I cannot understand why the branches didn't show up on the object. I'm sure if the moon was seen traveling behind or across of trees on the ground in front of the moon. The disk in dropping further had a bright deep yellow crescent appear at the bottom, I would say more an orange. Then at this point it was having further movement.

the sky was very dark at the time, I would say black, no moon or stars. The next morning I determined by using a half-inch button at arm's length up to the vicinity here I saw this object, and came to the conclusion that half-inch button subtended an angle of about 1/2 degree. Calculated in 1962, the crescent at the bottom of the object is reporting color makes me believe that it was two spikes relatively different. The twin-object I placed in 1962 was intense and like a brilliant crystal. You have a full record of it with a larger description.


- page 5 -

Linfield College
MCMINNVILLE, OREGON

November 13, 1964

Mr. J. Allen Hynek
Department of Astronomy,
Northwestern University,
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Mr. Hynek:

Your letter of November is much appreciated, and the more so since that included that my report had subtly some interesting sidelights. I am glad to share these with you.

I have had to refer to my original notes to renew my impressions of 14 December 11, in order to answer your inquiry about a possible airplane with landing lights. The local airport was my point of reference. I was making survey of activity in private planes and irregular visitors.

The feature that made me rule out convection at the time was I didn't even ask the airport. In the appendix, I made an extraordinary measure in brightness that a plane such as one usually makes a first visual flash. I explained at length the bright flash in the bright manner.

I think this is the most obvious out, but could not make it for various reasons. However, one of the sources among my raw notes, as described in my memo, will clarify this. I didn't know, but I am just for my curiosity, I hope you'll let me know how you finally find.

Cordially yours,

[Signature redacted]


- page 6 -

White Plains, New York

Headquarters
Air Defense Command
Griffiss Air Force Base, Ohio

Attention: ADCR-Reports

Enclosure:

Over eleven years ago, I witnessed an object on July 20, 1952 at 9:15 in the evening. This object I observed on 17, 1952 and again on August 1, 1952 in Westfield, New York. I have kept these sightings to myself, telling "this and that, other", no one, I have kept to myself in never say "never".

On December 10, 1958 at 2:00 am I awakened with a vibrating sensation in my ears. I witnessed a similar occurrence on August 1, 1952. This time, I immediately looked out the window. A bright light, "yellow" in color with sharp rays of light shooting out in all directions. It appeared to be a very large one of the left hand corner of the roof of the house at 196 Davis Avenue. I immediately returned to my room to get my eye glasses, then took some candles of wax and found the object had moved to near the front of a tree and changed in appearance to a dull yellow perfect disc, traveling do what and changing a spin, the same still visible with a bright "yellow" glow at all to the direction of its movement behind the hill.

The sky was very dark at the time, a moon or star. Later in the morning I decreased the diameter of the disc by using a half inch button and sliding the button at arm's length up to the horizon, near 1 saw this disc, I can conclude that a half inch button would cover it. As to how far away it was I have no way of knowing. So here, no longer it as the final lower than the first, dated 11 1962.

Below is a sketch of what I observed.

Very truly yours,


- page 7 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

10 Feb 1964

White Plains, New York

Dear Mrs.

A review of the 1963 UFO reports reveals that additional information is essential for evaluation of your sighting. Would you please complete the enclosed Form and return it to Hq Air Force, SAFOI-23, in the envelope provided.

Thank you for reporting this unknown object to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
Captain, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena
Branch


- page 8 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
10th December 1963
Day     Month     Year

2. Time of day: 2 30
                Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): Daylight Saving
             Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
At home
Nearest Postal Address: White Plains     New York
City or Town             State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
About 35 seconds
             Hours    Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain                     c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain              d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
By my clock & estimated seconds

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
(Yes)   No       Comments: by record hand of my bed room clock

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                           NIGHT
a. Bright                     a. Bright
b. Cloudy                     b. Cloudy

Sky was black - most stars in sight

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the Sun located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
             b. In back of you       e. Overhead
             c. To your right        f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
FTD OCT 62 164     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other [Handwritten text describing edges]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Columns for Yes, No, Don't know]

[Additional handwritten notes at bottom of page]


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Went down behind trees and building. I live on the highlands section of White Plains so it went down behind hill.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: 
Later, been close to tree, but was still with trajectory as though the branches were of no part of it. Some acting like lens on branches or something to clear behind branches.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:
[No response]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - somewhat or crisp, with undulation, something in my ear
b. Color - turned very bright if yellow, bright position and will yellow, yellow-orange, bright yellow

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The object would have been covered by a half-inch. Still replied at same length. See page 7 for more detail.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Drawing of shapes with a note: "no smoke or no exhaust trail or vapor trail"]


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building   On a bridge
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In this business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East               e. South             g. West
b. Northeast             d. Southeast          f. Southwest         h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? Add 700 placed in 1/4 position of right
a. Eyeglasses           Yes   No    e. Binoculars        Yes   No
b. Sun glasses          Yes   No    f. Telescope         Yes   No
c. Windshield           Yes   No    g. Theodolite        Yes   No
d. Window glass         Yes   No    h. Other: With eye glasses 1/2 to 1/4 position

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common 
object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Position 4" - no object I can compare it with.
By-C looked like a yellow in a way, but 
it was in the East & I know it could have 
been the moon at 2:30 A.M. Besides, it never 
moved & was just stationary & very luminous, not 
a distant object at all.


- page 12 -

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "3" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

See Answer to (19)

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ____________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

Directly East                                                                    2:30 A.M.
                                                                                 Dec. 14, 1963

Back yard of [redacted]
Back yard of [redacted]   White Plains, N.Y.

Family House
Here

Re: question 27 - I am unable to determine what would be considered 8° - as I was not able to UFO from my bathroom window, as I was not several feet facing directly East and further [rest of text partially illegible]

... like UFO was so bright... [remaining text is mostly illegible]


- page 14 -

