PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
30 Nov 1963

2. LOCATION
Knoxville, Tenn.

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 11:47AM
GMT 16:47/17:52

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
□ Ground-Visual
□ Air-Visual
□ Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
Civilian & Military (Air)

6. PHOTOS
No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Given

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Cocktail with tail estimated 2,000 ft. Red, 
Flat and green trailing fire. In flight to N23 
B-52 drew evaluated object as another.

9. COURSE
Not Given

11. COMMENTS
Metro.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other:
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

UNIVERSITY of PENNSYLVANIA
PHILADELPHIA 1

Flower and Cook Observatory                                                   1964 Dec. 12

Executive Officer,
Public Information Division,
Office of Information Service,
Department of the Air Force,
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

Two very brilliant fireballs appeared over Pennsylvania on Nov. 27 to 6:06 p.m. EST and on Dec. 7 about 5:30.

Many reports, particularly on the former, have come in and I wish to compute the paths, orbits, etc.

If reports on either or both of these fireballs have been sent in to you, would you be kind enough to send me copies of them?

If paths can be computed, proper acknowledgment will be given to the Air Force for any reports you can send me.

Very truly,
[Signature: Charles P. Olivier]
Charles P. Olivier, Pres.
American Meteor Society,
521 W. Wynnewood Ave.,
Merion, Pa.
19072


- page 2 -

December 16, 1963

Dear Mr. Olivier:

This is in response to your letter of December 12, 1963, in which you request any reports the Air Force may have received on the Fireballs which individually appeared over Pennsylvania on November 27th and December 7th.

The Foreign Technology Division advises us that they have not received any specific on this phenomena up to the present time. However, it may be a little early yet for the December 7th sighting. They may have reached their office. They advise us that they will send this Headquarters any and all reports of these sightings they may receive, and in turn we will forward them to you immediately.

As a matter of information, the Foreign Technology Division does have quite a few reports of the sightings of a Fireball in the Phoenix, Arizona area on November 19th. If you are interested in these, we will be glad to send them to you.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. Charles P. Olivier
President,
American Meteor Society
521 N. Wynewood Avenue
Narberth, Penna. 19072


- page 3 -

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
? November 1963
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day:
Hours        Minutes
(Circle One)   A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One)   a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other

(Circle One)   a. Daylight Saving
               b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
LINWOOD         LINWOOD         N.J.
Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    15      Minutes    Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure
                    d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined?   By wrist watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright              a. Bright
b. Cloudy              b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)   a. In front of you   d. To your left
               b. In back of you    e. Overhead
               c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 28 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 4 -

AIR FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight--pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. A a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
[Checkboxes for each item]


- page 5 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
WENT UP OUT OF SIGHT (didn't have to go far because it was so cloudy)

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
The object climbed rapidly into the clouds, out of sight.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
The object climbed rapidly up into the clouds, out of sight.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No sound at all except the dog barked at it
b. Color: White

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
object was low and so big

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch shows an elongated object labeled "Object Solid White" with some trees/woods in the background]


- page 6 -

Air Force UFO form continued

Page 3                                                                   Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)        Yes        No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)        Yes        No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?     300 yds.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other:

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other?

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South                g. West
b. Northeast             d. Southwest            f. Southeast            h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)        Yes        No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses           Yes   No
b. Sun glasses          Yes   No
c. Windshield           Yes   No
d. Window glass         Yes   No

f. Binoculars           Yes   No
g. Telescope            Yes   No
h. Theodolite           Yes   No
i. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten response]: Just like, bigger, banana, anything with a large shape.


- page 7 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form c
Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: Nov. 20   Feb'ry   1967
                                           Day    Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I have had a good education and. I am mentally stable, I hope! I have discussed UFO's with many people and after my sighting I am a firm believer. I was not before the sighting. I have seen some pictures in the paper which resembles the UFO I saw. I think I should mention I was near the swamps but I know it was not swamp gas as some people have told me. If I could be of any assistance in explaining this further will anyone, I would be pleased to do so.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature is blacked out]


- page 8 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
[Handwritten: Up out of Sight]

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
[Handwritten: 13 years old yesterday]

30. Have you ever seen this?
[Handwritten: no]

31. Was anyone else with you?
31.1 If you answered Y, list their names.
31.2 Please list their names.

32. Please give the following:
NAME: [Blacked out]
ADDRESS: [Blacked out]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Blacked out]

33. When and to whom did [rest of text cut off]


- page 9 -

UFO form continued

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   NO MY DOG
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)        Yes   No   He barked continuously

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give me the following information about yourself:
NAME [Last Name redacted] [First Name: LINWOOD] [Middle Name redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] LINWOOD O 07321 NEW JERSEY
                Street    City   Zone   State

TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]   AGE 17   SEX MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
At the time of the sighting I was around 13 years old but I remember it as if it were yesterday.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Partially illegible text: "My parents and some friends who said I was crazy"]


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Reports
Low-Latitude Noctilucent Cloud of 2 November 1963

Abstract. Measurement of the filamentary noctilucent cloud of 2 November 1963 yields a height of 36 km. Study of the motion and orientation of the cloud yields a drift vector that appears unrelated to the southwest drift of the cloud's orientation.

On 15 June 1963 a noctilucent cloud was observed (1) which had a height of 71 km and an orientation and drift vector that indicated an origin from the Pacific Missile Range. Proper instrumentation was available to permit a more accurate measurement of the cloud's characteristics than in 1963. At this time the equipment was being used to study the height of the volcanic dust from Agung (2) as it happened to be set near an order of magnitude lower than the previous cloud. This showed a white filamentary cloud in the direction, WWW. It was immediately apparent that a noctilucent cloud was becoming visible, and its white color indicated that it was not simply a low-lying cloud illuminated by the glow of sunlight past the tangent point of the solar rays. Since the observed time of sunset was used to keep time measurements, the cloud was observed during the second refraction region in this, the second refraction region being distinctly higher, based upon earlier experience (3), yielding a correction to the geometrical heights of -1.9 km. The mean height of the cloud is 56 km, distinctly lower than the 71 km observed for a similar cloud (7).

The observations on the cloud (1) of 15 June supplied insufficient data to detect whether the cloud lay at a constant level. The case of the cloud of 2 November we can definitely state that the cloud was inclined in space. As a consequence we must be cautious in interpreting the azimuthal orientation since wind shear over 10 km of altitude can appreciably modify the original cloud in the 3 hours required for the cloud to arrive in the vicinity of Yuma. The appearance of the cloud, consisting of two closely parallel streaks, does not indicate appreciable nonlinear shear since both are only mildly contorted in identical manner with the intervening region filled with a uniform cloud. Several points of sun-illuminated cloud were observed near the horizon below the expected level of the cloud. Indicated by the dashed line in Fig. 1. The height and range of these fragments could not be determined.

The coincidence of the clouds of 15 June and 2 November 1963 with a drift vector indicating origin from the Pacific Missile Range would appear to remove the probability of a fortuitous occurrence that could have been argued from one cloud alone. The height of 56 km removes the cloud from any connection with the Agung volcanic dust layer (20 km) (2) or with the 80-km region associated with the occurrence of natural high-altitude noctilucent clouds (1). Newkirk (4) has recently reported a noctilucent cloud observed after the set of the volcanic glow stratum on 25 September 1963 for which he derives a height of 33 km. The filamentary structure of his cloud is quite similar to that observed by us on 2 November, but the altitude is definitely lower and the cloud is probably of different origin.

ADEN B. MEINEL
Steward Observatory, University CAROLYN P. MEINEL
of Arizona, Tucson

SCIENCE VOL. 143


- page 11 -

Department of the Air Force
Office of Public Information
The Pentagon
Washington, D.C. 20301

Dear Sirs:

The following Unidentified Aerial Phenomena sighting was reported in the Sunday Knoxville News-Sentinel newspaper on December 1, 1963:

LOC. FLAMING OBJECT IS AREA MYSTERY

A flaming object shooting through the skies early yesterday morning was spotted by deputies William Martin and John Marles said they were on Clinton Highway at 4:17 a.m. when an object that looked like a football with a tail on it sped over the top of them at about 2000 feet in height.

It was brilliant red, blue and green, on fire, and had what looked like a tail, approximately 15 lights around it, "Deputy Marles said. He said it was going from southwest to northeast and disappeared in the east.

Two deputies on patrol in East Knox County saw the same thing and a U. S. Air Force deputy, Flying Tiger, saw about 35,000 feet at that time, saw a similar object that quickly disappeared. The crew surveyed it with a telescope.

Earlier, at 2:10 a.m. some bank aerial phenomena at the same time, similar object and called Anderson County deputies about 16.

Charles Martin, head of the National Investigative Committee of Aerial Phenomena in this area, said from the description it didn't sound like a meteor. "It was a ball," he said. "If they are looking for a meteor and never have I heard of one flying along horizontally."

Personally, I believe the object was either (a) a meteor, particularly of the brilliant fireball type, or else (b) the decay and re-entry of an artificial earth satellite.

Do your scientific experts think it might have been a meteor or satellite? If they have not previously received this report, please have them analyze it. We also check on the re-entry of artificial satellites to see if it could have been that.

Please send me the official U.S. Air Force conclusions as to the identity of this object or phenomenon. Please answer and send me two copies of your answer, if possible.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature redacted]


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

are markedly different from those of
the people whose societies and govern-
ments constitute the national states of
this troubled corner of the world. The
thin or the thick line of demarcation
between the social peoples and terri-
tories has not been drawn in this cul-
ture and society, but in other ways
that enable the passage of emerg-
ing industrial nations a other parts of
the world. Lehman calls Chin society
and culture "subnuclear" because it ad-
heres with and is heavily dependent
upon the Burman civilization of the
plains, yet the Chin maintaining their dis-
tinctive cultural tradition, which is
largely a to human civilization, and
do not actively participate in the politi-
cal affairs of the Burman state. In
this monograph the author attempts to
delineate precisely and in detail the
distinctive ways in which the Chin re-
late to Burman culture and society.

The author's approach is ecological,
but ecological in two senses of the
word. There is the relation of various
Chin groups to the resources of their
territories. Historically, differences
resources as well as different adapta-
tions to and exploitation of these re-
sources have produced notable differences
among Chin groups. These differences
in different social ecological net la- re-
lationships to Burman civilization upon
which all Chin are firmly dependent.

In this analytic framework, differences
between northern and southern divi-
sions of the Chin peoples with respect
to land use and terrain, social structure,
economics, religion, and ethos as well
as differential responses to contempo-
rary stimuli are described and com-
pared.

Despite its brevity the monograph
covers a great deal of material, clearly
and concisely. It is written for anthro-
pologists who are already familiar with
the basic writings on the Chin and re-
lated peoples and with current theo-
retical trends (and controversies) in
British and French social anthropology.
It is, therefore, more technical than
general. Its ecological emphasis, which
is derived from the studies of cultural
ecology, is a point of view that (and
well applied) to the difficult task of
describing differences among the Chin
as well as their differing social, cul-
tural, and economic relationships to
Burman and the Burmese.

WILLIAM DAVENPORT
University Museum,
University of Pennsylvania
3 JANUARY 1964

Physical Chemistry
Ion Association, C. W. Davies, Butter-
worth, Washington, D.C. 1962. viii
+ 190 pp. illus. $7.50.

C. W. Davies, in the more than 30
years that he has devoted to the study
of electrolytes in solution, has emphi-
sized interpretations that involve ion
association.

This brief book is a worthwhile
summary of the field from the point of
view that accepts ion association on the
principal explanation for diverse phenom-
enas. The author advises several times
that this approach may be open to
question, but the point is not ade-
quately discussed, and this is the
book's main fault. Certainly the point
of view adopted is very different
from that expressed by T. F. Young—
for example, see his articles in volumes
3 and 13 of Annual Review of Physical
Chemistry.

An impression of the scope of this
book may be gained from the chapter
titles: "Introduction," "Conductivity
methods," "Activity measurements,"
"Spectrophotometric methods," "Elec-
tronic methods," "Other methods,"
"Review of results in water," "Results
in mixed solvents," "Nonaqueous so-
lutions," "The dissociation minimum,"
"Colloidal solutions," "Thermodynamic
properties of the ion-pair," "Kinetics
and mechanisms of reactions involving
ions and ion-pairs," and "Theories of
ion association." An appendix gives
dissociation constants for more than
100 ion-pairs, but whether such a value

[Cr] [Cl] 4 1/2 [Cl2] = 2.5.

one of the tabulated values, is a chem-
ically meaningful quantity is open to
question.

The equation for the mean ionic ac-
tivity coefficient for an electrolyte,

log f ± = 0.50 Z1Z2 (I1/2 / (1 + I1/2) - 0.20 I).

which was proposed by Davies in 1938,
has been widely used. The author now
modifies this equation by substituting
0.30 for 0.20 as the coefficient of ionic
strength in the linear term. A modifica-
tion that he bases on the consideration
of a larger number of electrolytes.

Approximately one-quarter of the
literature references are to papers pub-
lished in 1957 or later, but only a few
refer to papers published in 1960 and

1961. There are important omissions,
among them several that would give
the presentation a more critical favor.
Redlich's discussion of criteria for as-
sociation of ions to form molecules
[Chem. Rev. 39, 333 (1940)], Mayer's
theory of ionic solutions [J. Chem.
Phys. 18, 1426 (1950)], and the dis-
cussion by Frank and Thompson of
the limitations of the Debye-Hückel
theory [J. Chem. Phys. 34, 1086
(1959)].

The lack of a more completely bal-
anced picture of this important area of
physical chemistry mars the usefulness
of this book.

EDWARD L. KING
Department of Chemistry,
University of Colorado

Notes
Ornithology

Birds of Hampshire and the Isle of
Wight (Oliver and Boyd, Edinburgh,
1963. 299 pp. 30s.) a local "ornithol-
ogy" by Edwin Cohen, cover an area
in England whose bird life was first
extensively reported in a book (by Kels-
all and Munn) published in 1905. The
present volume brings together the data
recorded by many observers since 1905
and carefully compares the present con-
ditions and the current status of the
included avian species with the reports
published in the earlier work.

Although the main body of the text
is in the form of a detailed annotated
catalog, the book differs from many
regional works in that it includes some
introductory chapters, written by sever-
al authors.

D. W. Weay writes on the geology
of the area and A. K. Hunt on the
botany. D. F. Billett contributes a
chapter entitled "Survey of the south-
east corner of the County." E. L. Jones
discusses birds and land-use in north-
west Hampshire, and J. S. Ash, the
distribution of birds in relation to alti-
tude. In the Forthcoming section, sev-
eral contributors have added their
notes. Cohen, the book is thus of wider
usefulness than are most purely re-
gional catalogs, although it is to be ex-
pected that its main body of readers
will be local.

HERBERT FRIEDMANN
Los Angeles County Museum,
Los Angeles, California

37


- page 13 -

CALIFORNIA BOLIDE OF 1963 NOVEMBER 7/8
A.M.S. No. 2379

On this date at 6:11 p.m. P.S.T., a bright bolide appeared over California, going in general from east to west and crossing the San Francisco area. Requests for information were published by Dr. Lemar and Miss Remig, of the Rand Corporation, in Santa Monica, in San Francisco papers and those of surrounding regions. The 60 reports were led by them were turned over J. P. Brachy, A.M.S. Regional Director for Central California, and by him sent out for investigation. When the reports were first examined it was evident that an excellent solution would be easy to obtain. Further study soon changed this opinion. First because most reports came from people in a small area, secondly because for so many the only passed almost through their zenith. This made the azimuth of the project path easy to determine. Also the many reports of the beginning point is in found quite accurately. But it has the special difficulty of determining the independent nearly vertical paths in the same area.

They gave a vertical path - 100 h. 60 h2 - 30 h (this is considered exact). Mr. Thomas and Miss Jean McIntyre saw the bolide. Unfortunately their reports are exact duplicates.

When at h 122 135.0 and h 37 A.M.S. Berkeley S27, the observer came from behind but for the end point his observation at 70° and h2 - 25° is considered less reliable.

The bolide was very bright - as bright as Venus or brighter. Its diameter was about 10". It was so brilliant that it was seen by D. two average would time 542 km to the southward, when 2° above the local horizon. Even at that distance it was brighter than Jupiter. The color was white or blue white, by a large majority of reports. The estimates of duration compared by many seeing but part of the path. They range from 1 to 4.5 seconds, with references 2/3 of the whole, the duration, refers to 30° of the path only. As this was only about 2/3 of the whole, the duration is uncertain, probably 3 to 4 seconds is about right. No actual observation of the end point was made, but many reported fragments or sparks falling from the end point. As its height was 30 km it is improbable that meteorites fell; if they did it would have been into the ocean.

To the persons previously mentioned, the press, and the numerous other observers

- 15 -


- page 14 -

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66

14 Nov 63
Argentina

La Plata
According to the newspaper La Razón of Buenos
Aires (November 14, 1963) many people at La
Plata saw, between midnight and 1 a.m. of that
day, a luminous cigar flying westwards towards the
Andes and emitting a powerful light varying from
blue to white or yellow.


- page 15 -

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66

15 Nov 63
Argentina

Mar del Plata

According to a report published in the Historium
Review for November 15, 1963, hundreds of people
in the coastal town of Mar del Plata had recently
seen a "cigar" stationary in the sky. This was just
after midnight when the machine remained there from
12.30 a.m. to 12.45 a.m., when it suddenly began
to move off and vanished rapidly towards the
north.


- page 16 -

HQ CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SAUCER NEWS, VOL 11, NO. 6

Another sighting, from the Buenos Aires newspaper "El Mundo," dated November 16th, translates in part as follows:

"Mar del Plata: Upon hearing the words 'flying saucer,' hundreds of residents of the city rushed to their balconies or the nearest open space, early yesterday morning, to see a cigar-shaped object which was giving out an involuntary light, which at times was with a strange bluish. This object hovered over the city for 15 minutes, from 12:50 to 12:45 a.m. It finally disappeared at high speed toward the north. The machine - for, due to the way it maneuvered, it could not have been a natural phenomenon - was over the urban part of the city, about thirty degrees above the horizon. Among the witnesses was Horacio Tarifeno, chief of this information service of radio station LU9, who went out on his terrace after receiving many excited telephone calls about the object."


- page 17 -

THE SALTWOOD MYSTERY
Strange happenings in Kent

THE evening of Saturday, November 16, 1963, was cold and bright and there was a new moon in the sky. Four teenagers, three boys and a girl, were walking along a country road in the area of Sandling Park near the Kent village of Saltwood. John Faxon admitted to being frightened, for not very clear reasons, as they were walking towards the four young people. Faxon stated that a queer dish glow light was coming out of the sky at an angle of sixty degrees. As it came towards the ground it seemed to have a glow all over as if something had been behind a dump of trees.

A few bold people rushed for safety in terror. A brief golden light suddenly appeared in the field alongside them. It was about sixty yards away. John Faxon said: "Floating about ten feet above the ground, it seemed to move with us, stopping when we stopped as if it was observing us. The light was oval, about fifteen to twenty feet across with a bright, solid core."

It disappeared behind trees and a few seconds later it darted through the trees. The object was black, about the size of a human but without a head. It seemed to have wings like a bat on either side and came stumbling towards us. We didn't wait to investigate."

Was it a ghost?

One of John's companions, 18-year-old Merwyn Huskisson, a plasterer of Bartholomew Lane, Saltwood, also saw the figure clearly.

"It was just like a bat with webbed feet and no head," he said.

The teenagers were convinced they had seen a ghost.

"I've never been so frightened. I didn't believe in ghosts until then," says 16-year-old Jenny Holloway of Lenham.

From the preceding account it will be seen that the four witnesses assumed that what they had seen was supernatural. The story was given publicity in the local newspapers and in the national press. As the FLYING SAUCER REVIEW pointed out from time to time, ghosts may be more than just imagination.

Within the Type 1 sighting classification face this would be a valid contribution to the FLYING SAUCER REVIEW, February 1964 issue.

Other experiences in the area are as follows—

Witness: Keith Crocker
Age: 17
Occupation: Apprentice Electrical Engineer

"I was passing the Brockhill School football pitch which leads on to the Sandling Estate when I felt a sudden breath of cold wind and saw what looked like a golden mist beginning to cross the pitch. At the centre of the mist was a solid oval light that seemed to move slowly over the ground. The whole time was about twenty minutes. I was frightened and ran away. When I came back the next day, John McGoldrick and friend."

Age: 16
Address: Hythe, Kent

"After hearing about Keith Crocker's experience, I went with a friend into Sandlingwoods to investigate. In a clearing in the woods, we found a vast expanse of bracken that had been completely flattened — as if some huge and heavy object had rested there. Nearby we found three giant footprints. They were deep depression, almost two feet long and about nine inches across."

11


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

who used to work for the Aeronautical Inspection, Board, near Uxbridge, Middlesex, was walking near his day in the neighborhood about a week before the event described above made the following statement: "I saw this bright bluish-white light, about the size of a golf ball flying directly ahead of me. It revolved quite slowly in a steady horizontal direction. It definitely wasn't an aeroplane. The whole thing struck me as very peculiar. The light appeared from the north, crossed Sandling Road, where all these strange things have been seen, and headed out for sea."

Scepies then got busy with explanations which ranged from magnesium flares to petards flushing torches to hypnotize the birds.

The local rector, the Rev. F. F. Stanton, when asked his opinion, replied: "It definitely isn't a hoax. Several youngsters have told me about the strange things they have seen. All were very frightened. Obviously they have seen something out of their normal experience."

Some adherents of the ghost hoax theory recall the legend that Slaybrook Corner was the scene of a bloody battle centuries ago. Others declare that the ghost of William Tournay Tournay in the culprit. Tournay was an eccentric who was buried at his own request on an island in the middle of a lake on the estate.


- page 19 -

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66

28 Nov 63
Argentina

Alta Gracia

The Diario de Cordoba for November 22 reported that at 10 p.m. on the previous evening two men named Guzman and Carlos Perez had been driving along the road to Alta Gracia in the province of Cordoba when they came across a luminous blue object, circular, and about 30 metres in diameter, which was hovering at about 50 metres from the ground and at about 50 metres from the highway. While they were watching, the object suddenly made off and vanished at staggering speed.


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

who took the time and effort to report, very many thanks and our appreciation are due.
The usual details the atmospheric path and a parabolic orbit follow:
Sidereal time at and point ............................................. 316
Began over ......................................................... λ 122°19', ϕ 37°25' at 98 km
Ended over ........................................................ λ 122°17', ϕ 37°34' at 20 km
Began over ......................................................... 113 km
Ended over ........................................................ 3.5 sec (very uncertain)
Projected length of path ........................................... 320 km
Duration ............................................................. 8 -280°; h = -37°54'
Radiant velocity .................................................... 24
Radiant coordinates ................................................ -280°; h = -32°.9
Curvature correction ................................................ -14°; s = 1°.2
Parabolic correction ................................................ λ = 16°; s = +12
Radiant corrected .................................................. λ = 16°; s = +6°
Radiant correction .................................................. -0.35 A.U.
Parabolic orbit: i = -3°; H = -225° ± 1 = 1.3 A.U.
In Hoffmeister Nickel Catalogue we find:
No. 430, 1908 Nov. 7, m = 15 ± 6
No. 437, 1908 Nov. 13, m = 12.6 ± 4 = +14
Both have radiants similar to this above.


- page 21 -

1 - 31 DECEMBER 1963 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                                OBSERVER           EVALUATION

Dec     Dixon, Illinois                                            Other (PSYCHOLOGICAL)
2       11 30N 97.103 (Indian Ocean)                               Other (SATELLITE DECAY)
3       Marsalloc Islands, Pacific                                 Other (MISSILES)
5       Gonteras, New York                                         Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
6       Ashland, Kentucky                                          Note of AIRCRAFT
7       France                                                     PHYSICAL Other (RADAR REFLECTOR)
8       Pennsylvania                                               Astro (METEOR)
9       Annapolis, Virginia                                        Astro (METEOR)
10      40.20N 17.40W (Atlantic)                                   INSUFFICIENT DATA
11      White Plains, New York                                     AIRCRAFT
12      McMinnville, Oregon                                        Other (FLARE)
13      Snowmass, Colorado                                         UNIDENTIFIED
14      Washington, D.C.                                           BALLCON
15      Cincinnati, New Jersey                                     Other (BIRDS)
16      San Jose, California                                       Astro (METEOR)
17      38.30N 175.20W (Pacific)                                   Astro (METEOR)
18      Kettering, Ohio                                            SATELLITE
19      40.00N 175.54W (Pacific)                                   Astro (METEOR)
20      33.30N 174.40W (Pacific)                                   UNIDENTIFIED
21      25.50N 149.40W (Pacific)                                   SATELLITE
22      31.20N 170W (Pacific)                                      INSUFFICIENT DATA
23      Clovis, New Mexico                                         AIRCRAFT
26      Dayton, Ohio                                               Astro (METEOR)
                                                                   SATELLITE

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                                SOURCE            EVALUATION

Dec     Argentina                               News Clipping
2       Grand Rapids, Michigan
10      Tacoma, Washington
12      Comisarsky SAP Station
13      Agua Prieta, Mexico
14      King City, Calif.
17      Argentina
25      Ngongotaha, New Zealand


- page 22 -

Text found in the document:

Knoxville, Tenn. 31791

Department of the Air Force
Office of Public Information
The Pentagon
Washington, D. C. 20301

There is also a postmark visible on the right side of the document, but the text is not fully legible.


- page 23 -

Department of the Air Force
Office of the Secretary
United States Air Force
Washington D.C.

Official
Bussing

(Note: There is a black redacted section at the top left of the document and an oval stamp in the top right corner, but the text of the stamp is not clearly legible.)


- page 24 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEM

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting (blacked out)

TO: Hq USAF SAZ-OIPR (Mrs Gaiser)
Wash 25, D C

1. Reference the attached letter from (blacked out), dated 2 Dec 63, requesting information on a UFO sighting, 30 Nov 63, over Tennessee and Kentucky. The sighting is attributed to a meteor. The information which Mr. (blacked out) has given Me is obviously in error.

Messrs Cox and Menzel, noted meteorologists, may even appear to rise. The book The World of Flying Saucers, authored by Doctor Boyd and Menzel, has an excellent chapter on meteors which indicates some of the appearances that meteors have taken.

2. Satellite decay (or re-entry) is distinguished from meteors by:

a. The re-entry always has an Easterly component.

b. The colors tend toward reds and oranges on the color spectrum as the object breaks up or decays.

c. The duration of satellite decay is much longer. Sputnik IV decay on 5 Sep 62 lasted in excess of two minutes, and the Discoverer VIII decay on 7 Mar 60 lasted over four minutes, whereas meteors are rarely observed for over ten or fifteen seconds.

d. The speed is much slower for satellite decay as compared to speeds of meteors.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
John J. Jackman
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

1 Atch
Ltr (blacked out),
dtd 2 Dec 63


- page 25 -

December 30, 1963

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

This is in reply to your letter of December 2, 1963, in which you request the official Air Force conclusion on an Unidentified Aerial Phenomenon which was reported in the Knoxville News-Sentinel newspaper on December 1st.

The sighting reported is attributed to a meteor. Contrary to information given you, meteors can and do travel horizontally and on occasion may even appear to rise. The book "The World of Flying Saucers" by Menzel and Boyd, has an excellent chapter on meteors which indicates some of the appearances that meteors have taken.

Satellite decay (or re-entry) is distinguished from meteors by the fact that the re-entry always has an easterly component; the colors trend toward reds and oranges on the color spectrum as the object breaks up or decays. The duration of satellite decay is much longer (Sputnik IV decay on September 5, 1962 was in excess of two minutes, and the Discovery VIII decay on March 7, 1960, lasted over four minutes, whereas meteors are rarely observed for over ten or fifteen seconds); and the speed is much slower for satellite decay as compared to speeds of meteors.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
Knoxville, Tennessee 37917


- page 26 -

Knoxville, Tenn. 37917
October 21, 1963

Department of the Air Force
Office of Public Information
The Pentagon
Washington, D. C.

Dear Sirs:

I have some questions I would like answered:

(1) Why is the truth about flying saucers being hidden from the public? In a democracy the people have a right to know. Congressional hearings will reveal the truth, sooner or later.

Please send me all information on saucers available to the public(free data, that is) Fact sheets, questionnaires, AFR 200-2, JANAP 146 and other saucer sources.

(2) Please tell me why the U.S. Air Force has not exposed the hoax, "launched" January 2, 1959, as a hoax. Science writer Lloyd Haldane proved it was a hoax back in 1959. Why wasn't the Air Force made some statement telling everyone that a grandiose hoax has been perpetrated on the Free World.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature is blacked out]


- page 27 -

October 25, 1963

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

This is in response to your letter of October 21, 1963. In your request information concerning "Flying Saucers," Unidentified Aerial Phenomena is the proper terminology for the subject.

We are pleased to inclose two brochures which we think may be of interest to you. The Air Force disseminates all available information to all who request it, on an impartial basis. No information which is vital to the public in understanding or evaluating unidentified aerial phenomena is withheld or censored. The results of all Air Force investigations are now and always have been available to bona fide news representatives and scientific researchers.

Enclosed also is a copy of AFR 200-2, which sets up the UFO program and explains its method of operation.

We suggest that you read "The World of Flying Saucers" by Menzel and Boyd, recently published by Doubleday. This book should serve to answer many questions and dispel any misinformation you may have on this subject.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
Knoxville, Tennessee 37917


- page 28 -

December 17, 1963

Dear Sirs:

You say that no evidence or data has been found to prove the existence of flying saucers. You also say that anyone possessing such information should submit it for analysis.

Please tell me exactly what evidence or data the Air Force would consider to be proof of the existence of extraterrestrial space ships in our atmosphere. What evidence would cause the Air Force to officially announce the presence of space ships in our atmosphere?

What WOULD be considered PROOF?

Please answer and send me two copies of your answer, if possible.

Sincerely yours,

Department of the Air Force
Office of Public Information
The Pentagon
Washington, D.C. 20301


- page 29 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SAUCER NEWS, VOL 15, MAR 64

Knoxville, Tennessee
30 NOV 63

the night of November 30th (1963) a mysterious flaming object was seen shooting through the skies near Knoxville, Tennessee, by two sheriff's deputies. They said that they saw something which looked like a "football" with a tail on it 15° speed over them at an altitude of about 2,000 feet.

Flying over Knoxville at 35,000 feet at that time, saw the same UFO...


- page 30 -

