PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 3 April 1963

2. LOCATION: Suva, Fiji Islands

3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0300

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS: Yes

6. SOURCE: Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2-3 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one

9. COURSE: falling

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHT:
Light, yellowish color which intensified as obj. came closer until night was as bright as full moonlight approaching. In crossed field of vision 1-2-3 secs. Flared up & disintegrated while in horizontal flight. Pieces fell into sea. General direction NW to SE. Consist. Speed. Tear drop shape. Larger than usual meteor w/tail 2/3 longer than body. Blug, light blue and yellow white in tail. Although obj appeared very close no sound heard. Also sighted by housewife & policeman, other local residents.

11. COMMENTS:
Short duration tends to rule out decay. Meteor sighting

12. CONCLUSIONS:
[X] Was Astronomical Meteor
(Other checkboxes are left unchecked)

GMT: 02/1520Z


- page 1 -

DEPARTMENT OF STATE
AIRGRAM

TO: Department of State FOR: NASA

FROM: A-Consulate SUVA                   DATE: April 18, 1963

SUBJECT: Luminous Object Sighted Over Fiji at 1520 G.T., April 2, 1963

REF: A-205-985 9/56

A number of responsible witnesses in the Fiji Islands reported the sighting of a luminous object on April 2, 1963. A similar incident "Billowed spacecraft" which passed over Fiji at 3:20 a.m. April 3, 1963 (1755 April 2, 1963 G.M.T.)

More details obtained at Auckland Y & G. or at a later time will be forwarded by pouch. Preliminary report follows:

[The rest of the text is partially obscured or cut off at the bottom of the document, making the remaining text illegible.]


- page 2 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Page 1
Enclosure 2

EXCERPT FROM "THE FIJI TIMES" DATED APRIL 4, 1963

MANY PEOPLE SAW FIERY 'SPACE SHIP' OVER FIJI

A Taveuni housewife woke about 3:30 a.m. yesterday morning and gazed straight through her window into what appeared to be a ball of fire in the sky over Naga, moving towards Lacala Bay.

Mrs. [redacted] said it was a frightening experience. The sight was "almost horrible".

"I woke my husband, who got out of bed quickly but when he reached the window the object had disappeared," she said.

"We said I had been dreaming, but I insisted that I had seen the tall of light."

But about 10 m.n. earlier, three Fijian policemen had reported seeing the object. The BA report came to Fiji later by telephone.

Members of the RNZAF also sighted the object about 3:30 a.m. They agreed that it was moving in a south-westerly direction.

A Lautoka message states that reports of strange objects "falling" to the Fiji (Group) had been confirmed by men in the Royal Navy merchant ship HMS Cook yesterday. Men of HMS Cook told the Fiji Times at Lautoka that about 3:20 a.m. a large object fell from the sky into the sea when the ship was anchored in the northern Yasawa Group.

An officer said that at that time the sky was lit by a source which was like moonlight but on close observation appeared to be the brilliant light of a falling object.

HMS Cook was bound for Lautoka after duty observation along the Royal route on which the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh travelled last week.

The ship was anchored off Round Island and duty members of the crew saw a bright object fall from the sky in a southerly direction. An officer on watch said it looked to him like "a classic: example of a Hollywood space ship". He said it appeared to be glowing, with a white light and had an enormous, long fiery orange tail. The object illuminated the sky with a brilliant luminous glow. It made no noise when it fell to the earth.

The object has been reported by several people at Lautoka.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Microfilm Reel 1
Page 1

TO: 1. Commanding Officer, ATIC (CPTED)
    Group Ops Officer, ADC
    MCOIA-3, AFCIN-4D

OBSERVER:

1. Warrener, J.A. Pilot (70-4377)
   Capt. RAAF
   Pilot of Qantas Airlines
   Position: Captain of DC-6B Aircraft
   Aircraft: Qantas DC-6B VH-EAD
   Date of Observation: 16 Apr 63
   Time: 0220Z
   Position: 16-30S, 179-20E
   Duration: 15-20 Seconds
   Witnesses: Co-Pilot, Flight Engineer

SUMMARY:

While flying at 19,000 ft. on a flight from Sydney to Nadi, Fiji, the aircraft captain observed a bright white light moving at high speed.

[The rest of the text is partially illegible due to image quality, but appears to be a detailed report about a UFO sighting by an aircraft captain.]

The document is numbered "Page 2" at the bottom right.


- page 4 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Page 2
Enclosure 1

8. APPEARANCE: The object was of tear-drop shape, massive compared
to the usual meteor and comparable in size to a "Landrover" with a
tail approximately two thirds longer than the body. Against the technical background sky the nose was of a deep brilliant blue colour,
this colour gradually turning along the length of the body through
light blue to straw and ending up yellow white at the tail. The
luminosity was such that the tops of clouds were lit up and the Observer
did not need to use artificial light.

9. WEATHER: The only weather reporting station in the area is at
Lautoka Bay. Its 3 a.m. observation was:

7/8 Cumulus, base 2000 feet.
Wind calm.
Visibility 40 miles.

10. DISINTEGRATION: The object disintegrated in level flight. At this
stage it was going over Figi. An Observer and approximately half of
a period of 2 seconds by approximately half of its original brightness
then scatter pieces over an apparent trail length of 150 feet, those
pieces gradually fading their brilliance and spinning to fall into the
sea. Although the object appeared very close, no sounds were heard.

11. CORROBORATION: There were no other witnesses with the Observer.

(Sgd) F. Rowe
(F.E.A. ROWE)
Fit Lt
Air Intelligence Officer

9 APR 63

Figi... ...pr 3, 1963
A number of newspapers reported that on
April 3 a spectacular UFO was seen over
Figi. The last Anglian Times in its Apr
4 issue described the event as follows:
"A huge fiery object like a spaceship was reported over the Figi Islands
yesterday by men of the Royal Navy, the
Royal New Zealand Air, Police and civilians. An officer on the survey ship
HMS Cook said it looked 'like a classical
example of a hollywood space ship.' It
glowed with a green-white light and had
a long, fiery orange tail."


- page 5 -

Here is the text I can extract from the document:

No Case (Information Only)                3 April 1963
Fiji, Island

FIJI
Fiji spaceship

[The rest of the text in the newspaper clipping is partially illegible due to the low resolution of the image. Only fragments of words and sentences can be made out, but not enough to confidently reconstruct the full text.]


- page 6 -

Fiji Has A Fireball

On the 3rd of April 1963 Mrs. A. E. Kennard, a Tamavua housewife, woke about 3:30 a.m. and gazed through her window at what appeared to be a ball of fire in the sky over Bega. It appeared to be moving toward Laucala Bay. She said it was "horrifying."

Ten minutes earlier three Fijian policemen at Ba had reported seeing a similar object and at 3:30 a.m., members of the Royal New Zealand Air Force also saw the object. Men on HMS ship Cook had reported seeing strange objects "falling into the Fiji Islands group" at about 3:20 a.m. the same morning. They said they watched a huge fireball fall into the sea while they were anchored in the northern Yarawa group. An officer reported that at the time the area was bathed in a light as bright as moonlight which seen to be coming from a falling object. Another officer said the falling object looked to him "like the classic example of a Hollywood spaceship." It was glowing with a bright greenish-white light and had an enormous, long fiery orange tail.

The same or a similar object was reported by several people at Lakota.


- page 7 -

