PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
14 April 1963

2. LOCATION
Kettering, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 2100
GMT: 15/0200Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual ☑ Ground-Radar ☐
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes ☑ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3-5 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
SE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object appearing as an extremely bright star observed in NW on flight to SE. In sight for 3-5 minutes.

11. COMMENTS
Satellite ECHO I over Dayton at 2048 (12 minutes prior to rptd sighting). South of city at 68 dgr elevation moving SE. Time discrepancy within the normal possibility associated with reports of this nature. Case evaluated as ECHO I.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☑ Probably Astronomical
☐ Other: ____________
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
14     April     1963
Day    Month     Year

2. Time of day: 2100
           Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern
                        b. Central
                        c. Mountain
                        d. Pacific
                        e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
               b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address is blacked out]
City or Town                   State or Country

5. How long was object in sight?
        Hours        Minutes        Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain            c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain     d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                   NIGHT
a. Bright             a. Bright
b. Cloudy             b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
              b. In back of you     e. Overhead
              c. To your right      f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object or NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember
[Handwritten: Extremely bright star]

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):   a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other: [blank]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound
    b. Color

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One)   a. Fuzzy or blurred
                   b. Like a bright star
                   c. Sharply outlined
                   d. Don't remember
                   e. Other

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
Larger than a star

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Went up out of sight

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Appeared as round with a slight change and disappeared in the south east


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text appears to read: "Driving plus 5 adult saw the object"]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest     i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest     i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.


- page 6 -

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day                Month                Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes    No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes    No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes    No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

Page 7


- page 7 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   (No)

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [blank]

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAM [blacked out]

ADDRESS [blank]

TELEPHONE NUMBER [blacked out]

Age 17   Sex Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent. [blank]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [blank spaces for Day, Month, Year]

Page 8


- page 8 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

TO: Lt Moody
TDE

REMARKS:
Report taken by
Maj Joombs, PTO Duty on
Sun 14 Apr.

FROM: Lt Deptenburg
TDE

DATE: 15 Apr
PHONE: 5717

DD Form 95


- page 9 -

