PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
8 Sep 63

2. LOCATION
Eastern Kansas

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 03/1300Z
GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☒ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 mins

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
straight flight

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Bright, obj. broke in two by dark horizontal
line. From a/c at high altitude. Bright sun.
[Obj] appeared to be pacing, plane at lower
altitude. Silver body, brilliant without wings.

(Sighting by DH Menzel)

11. COMMENTS
A/c. Double line caused by reflection
between double panes of window. Actual
two reflections. Reflection dimmed
gradually until outlines could
be seen.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

UFO SIGHTING BY DHM
September 8, 1963

From a jet plane flying at an altitude of about 30,000 feet over eastern Kansas, September 8, 1963, I saw a remarkable and realistic UFO, quite unlike any that I had previously noted. I was seated on the northern side of the plane. The time was around noon, local time, and the sun was shining very brightly at that altitude. I suddenly became aware of a bright object, broken in two by a horizontal dark line. It closely resembled the Saturn-shaped masses previously reported. It seemed to be pacing our plane at a distance of several miles and at an appreciably lower altitude.

I almost immediately recognized it for what it later proved to be, though its physical appearance was certainly very different. It was indeed a jet plane, the silver body brilliantly illuminated. There was no trace of wings.

The double line was a reflection effect between the double windows and I was actually seeing two reflections, themselves very bright, separated by a region in between that seemed dark by comparison. In the effect of a single Saturn-shaped ship following along. While I was trying to confirm this by detection of the plane itself, to my amazement a second aircraft or rotation came flying by at an enormous speed in the opposite direction. It was, of course, a jet and the relative speeds of the plane were about nine in three seconds. Another jet, of course. The success shaped like another concentrated for at least ten minutes. And then, with gradual changing illumination or something, the brightness of the reflection which must have been concentrated rather sharply toward our plane, diminished and I could then see the form of the plane itself. You will recall that these windows are truly double with a considerable air spacing between them. This gives rise to the multiple effect. I could not help but think of the Chesapeake Bay Case in this connection and again keep wondering if you could not build up a reflection from outside in some much fashion by repeated reflection between the double windows. I do not know, however, whether there are actual double windows in the DC4 and if the spacing of them would give rise to such reflection.


- page 2 -

