PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
3 April 1963

2. LOCATION
Joliet, Illinois

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1705

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. GMT
03/2305

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Seven

9. COURSE
Not Reported

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Objects sighted picking up into 7 objects and performing various maneuvers. Sighting during evening which included a jet that might have been a star.

11. COMMENTS
Form filled in during November 1963 forwarded to AF in Feb 1964 of sighting in April 1963. Witness now 14 yrs old. Also conflicting data and essential data missing.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Other: Unreadable Report
Insufficient Data for Evaluation

Checked boxes:
- Photos: No
- Type of Observation: Ground-Visual
- Conclusions: Other: Unreadable Report, Insufficient Data for Evaluation


- page 1 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Joliet, Ill.
May 23, 1967

Dear Sir:

On November 8, 1963 late at night a little while I was awake I received as if from nowhere a flash that I could not explain out of the normal...

[The rest of the text becomes increasingly illegible, with only partial words and phrases discernible]

1967... I am still...
Clear...

[The bottom of the document has large black redaction marks obscuring text]


- page 2 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

TDEW
UFO Sighting (3 Apr 63)                                     4 Jun 64

Hq USAF SAFOI PE (Mrs Gaiser)
Wash D C 20330

Reference the attached letter from regarding
his sighting of 3 Apr 63. Also attached is a suggested reply
to Ronald.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature] Daniel C. Blessing
ERIC T de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

2 Attachs
1. 
2. Suggested Reply

[Bottom of page: "THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!"]


- page 3 -

Dear [redacted],

Your sighting was made on 3 Apr 63. You reported this sighting to the United States Air Force in November 1963 and forwarded the form to the USAF in Feb 1964. Almost one year has passed since your sighting.

Information in your report was vague and inconsistent. Portions of the data requested were meager, such as the direction and duration of the sighting. Also, the speed estimated at 500 mph is inconsonant with motion ascribed to the object. Your report is carried in the Other Category (Conflicting Dates). No information presented indicates that this was not a misinterpreted conventional object or natural phenomenon.

Sincerely,


- page 4 -

Jul, 6, 1964

Dear Mr.

This is in reply to your recent inquiry concerning an Unidentified Flying Object you observed in April 1963. As a matter of general policy, the Air Force does not send evaluations of sightings unless specifically requested at the time the report is forwarded.

The information in the form you furnished was not comprehensive enough to enable our project office to evaluate the sighting. Portions of the data requested were missing such as the direction and duration of the sighting. Also, the speed estimated at 500 mph is inconsistent with motion ascribed to the object.

Your report is now carried in our files as "Conflicting Data." No indication is presented in the form that this was a misinterpreted conventional object or a natural phenomena.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Joliet, Illinois Street


- page 5 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object which you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?    3    April    1963
                                    Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day:    12    17    1/2    5
                    Hour    Minutes        A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One):    a. Eastern
                b. Central
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

(Circle One):    a. Daylight Saving
                b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Handwritten text appears to be partially illegible]

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    a. Certain            Hours    Minutes    Seconds
    b. Fairly certain     c. Not very sure
    5.1 How was time in sight determined?    d. Just a guess
    5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    X    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                    NIGHT
    a. Bright              a. Bright
    b. Cloudy              b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):    a. In front of you    d. To your left
                b. In back of you     e. Overhead
                c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.
FTD OCT 52 164


- page 6 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text appears to be illegible]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank space]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or shed objects?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)     Yes     NO     Don't Know.
If it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)     Yes     No     Don't Know.
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. (Wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a lower object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this way, you can at the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The rest of the handwritten text is partially illegible or too faint to confidently transcribe.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object:
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 110

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 20-200 yards

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other wall

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

[The last section appears to have some handwritten text, but it is not clearly legible]


- page 9 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 7
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
[partially illegible text]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[names partially written: Bruce Lipton, and other partially legible names]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted/blacked out]
ADDRESS: [partially filled in with "Joliet"]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 44   SEX: [not clearly visible]

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
[partially legible text appears to discuss some technical/professional background, mentions "5TH" and something about a city]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[date fields are blank]


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   29   Jan   64
                                            Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[The rest of the text is handwritten and partially illegible, but appears to read something like:

"During the last period of the sighting many places were spotted in the air and at (illegible) being changed by one of the (illegible)...

(Remaining text is difficult to fully transcribe due to handwriting and partial obscuring)]


- page 12 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

A UFO, located I can't

other things I stop you and
what I saw

reflecting light rapidly

I saw in
diameter

the word there is partially illegible after "the"

Page 8 is visible in the top right corner of the document.

There is also a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO or flying saucer in the middle of the page.


- page 13 -

