The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form or document from Project Blue Book, which was the official project by the United States Air Force to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is titled "PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD" and contains various fields for recording information about a UFO sighting, such as the date, location, type of observation, and a brief summary of the sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 05/26/1953
2. LOCATION: Ashland, Kentucky
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1800
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
5. DURATION: CIS
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 seconds
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Single object, high pitch, dull grayish-silver diminished in flight. The object increased in size then diminished in flight.
9. COMMENTS: If report could be considered reliable, no definite data, insufficient data for analysis. Included in this category.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire form with some text.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

24. Date you completed this questionnaire:

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed memorandum from the Department of the Air Force Office of the Secretary, dated October 21, 1963. The memorandum is addressed to Sgt. Moody and appears to be related to a previous letter sent to the President, regarding some individuals who were listed. The memorandum also mentions that in the 16th, they are listed as "].lated as".

Now, as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

MEMORANDUM

21 Oct 63

Sgt Moody

In the original letter they
sent to the President, the 
boys were listed as.

Note in the 16th, they are
listed as

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a collection of UFO reports investigated by the United States Air Force.

The text in the document reads:

The Office of The President has asked the Air Force to provide you with information concerning your sighting of unidentified flying objects which you reported.

We are unable to determine from your drawings just what you have been sighted. If this was an actual sighting, we will be glad to go into this matter further with you and try to furnish an explanation if we can. On the other hand, if this was not an actual sighting, but merely something you possibly can, and then passed the story to me, there is little we can do to further the matter.

We hope that you will disregard the entire matter as an unfounded story, and will not give this any further publicity. If, however, you have additional information that you wish to submit, we will be glad to receive it from you.

Sincerely,

CHARLES T. VAN VLIET
Colonel, USAF Information
Chief, Project Blue Book

Enclosures:
Forms 3DD-14H (2)
Envelope

Ashland, Kentucky

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions and checkboxes related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
Information on possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena, if you have a sighting to report, is requested. The information that you provide may possibly be of value. The information that you provide may possibly be of value. The information will be forwarded to the appropriate agency for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
3 - 10
Day Month Year
2. Time of day:
(Circle One): A.M. OR P.M.
3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
East Bound, Ky Toll Road - passenger in car 
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
0 Hours 0 Minutes 35 Seconds
5.1 How was the sight determined? Fairly certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Day: NIGHT
b. Clarity: b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the Sun located in relation to you?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. To your left
c. To your right
d. Behind you
e. Don't remember
FID Otr 93 1604 This form supersedes Aft 95 184, Jui 51, which is obsolete.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a detailed questionnaire with various questions and possible responses related to the observation of unidentified objects in the sky, such as the appearance, behavior, and characteristics of the observed object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): None, A few, Bright, Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): Bright moonlight, Dull moonlight, Moon not visible, Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): Clear, Hazy, Scattered clouds, Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): Dry, Damp, misty, or light rain, Moderate or heavy rain, Snow, Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): Stationary, Maneuvering, As a light
11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): Brighter, Dimmer, About the same, Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): Fuzzy or blurred, Like a bright star, Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?: Yes, No, Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?: Yes, No, Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode?: Yes, No, Don't know
d. Change brightness?: Yes, No, Don't know
e. Change color?: Yes, No, Don't know
f. Flash or flicker?: Yes, No, Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear?: Yes, No, Don't know

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with various questions and prompts for the witness to fill out.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES,

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or one's length in hand with a known object much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this measurement of the apparent size, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch the outlines of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor plumes on or near the object if the object was moving.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about an observed UFO.

Project Blue Book was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1952 to 1969.

OCR Output:
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ___________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ____________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One:)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other _____________

23. Were you (Circle One:)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section
c. In open country
d. Near an air-field?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One:) North East South West
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___________ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other ______ Yes No

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when related to in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you observed.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a diagram and drawing space. The diagram shows an illustration of a compass and provides instructions for the observer to imagine the position and direction of a sighted object. The text on the page asks the observer to draw a picture showing the motion and position of the object and any changes in its direction during the course.

The text found in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the compass at the high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion of the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 9 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to a reported UFO sighting.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or data and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES. did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Initial
ADDRESS Street City State Zip
TELEPHONE NUMBER
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be related to this report.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year
Whom

The text contained in the document has been faithfully transcribed.

- page 10 -

