PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
11 August 63

2. LOCATION
Warrenville, Illinois

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 21-2200
GMT 12/0300Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual   ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual      ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
civilian

6. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☐ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
NW

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Obj viewed from SE to NW as series of flashes disappeared above horizon. 5 minute later obj came from SE and passed from horizon to horizon in 15 - 20 seconds. 8 flashes. 1 meteor speed. No sound. Wife witnessed third pass. Straight flight. 5 minute interval between passes.

11. COMMENTS
UNIDENTIFIED

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other: UNIDENTIFIED
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

8/11/64                                                                Boesman

Lt. Col. Robert Friend
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir;

I read this evening in the newspaper a write-up about strange lights reported around the Fairview, Ill. area. I wish to report another separate incident. I shall be brief since I know you receive numerous reports than are uninteresting.

On Sunday night between 9 and 10 in the evening I was outside doing two jobs - one, falling stars, and notice a possible mobile object coming from the southeast. I followed its course to the northwest and saw it disappear above the horizon. Perhaps about 5 minutes later I noticed the same or a similar object coming from the southeast but nearer to the horizon.

It too traveled in a straight line. It passed from horizon to horizon in about 15 or 20 seconds. It flashed about 8 times before it disappeared - perhaps one-half as fast. There was no sound. There were no strange maneuvers - just a beam of light. I then asked my wife said she witnessed the third passing. It was still farther toward the eastern horizon, and its appearance was similar to the first two sightings. I then went to a neighbor next door and he and I observed the next passing. Again it came from the south-east out this time a bit more to the northwest. I briefly observed the appearance of a lightly except that it traveled in a straight line.

Our neighbor observed the phenomenon once again while I was talking with guests who arrived. I remained outside with the neighbor a while longer but nothing more was seen. We did see some falling stars and a number of airplanes at the same time this object(s) appeared. There was an interval of about 5 minutes between each passing.

I expected to see something in the newspaper about it the next day. However nothing was mentioned. I have observed the sky several times since then but I have seen nothing unusual. I thought I would forget about it but tonight I noticed that a Lt. Col. Friend was investigating another area report and so I thought I would send in my observation.

Warrenville, Ill.
August 10, 1964


- page 2 -

Warrenville, Ill.

Lt. Col. ROBERT FRIEND
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio


- page 3 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

USAF
UFO Sightings & Information Sheet

Hq USAF SAFOI-PB (Wm Gaiser)
Wash 25 D C

1. On 11 August 1963 Mr. [redacted] reported sighting an
unidentified flying object. From the information presented we
are unable to identify his sighting. His report is carried in
the release for the general public. It is suggested that a copy
of this release be forwarded to Mr [redacted] at:

Warrenville, Illinois

2. On 16 August 1963 Mr [redacted] reported observations
on the nights of 13-14 August 1963. We are unable to evaluate
the case and it is carried as unidentified. A brief description
of his observations were included in the two brochures sent to persons
requesting information on unidentified flying objects. It is
suggested that a copy of this brochure be forwarded to Mr Schelling
at:

St Gallen
Switzerland

3. On 14 September 1963 Mr [redacted] made a sighting of two
objects. Investigation by local officials and a completed PID form
154 contained essential data necessary for evaluation of the sight-
ings. However, no positive conclusion can be reached from the
reports received and the case is carried as unidentified. It is
suggested that two copies of the brochure released to the public be
forwarded to Mr [redacted] at:

Post Office
Susanville, California


- page 4 -

On 7 October 1963 and five additional observers witnessed a bright light. From the report it was impossible to determine the source of this light and her sighting is carried as unidentified. This sighting is listed in the release for the public and it is suggested that a copy of this release be sent to her at:

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

1 Atch
5 379 Info Sheet


- page 5 -

