PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
4 May 1963

2. LOCATION
Ocean City, Maryland

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2100
GMT 05/0200Z

4. SOURCE
Civilian

5. PHOTOS
Yes
No

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 minute, 20 seconds

7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

8. COURSE
Not reported

9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Light, about size of bright star observed in flight to deviate from straight course. Appearance of satellite except for fluctuation and speed indicated brighter than orbit. Dim white, no sound, possibly observer with Echo. Light steady, with no tumbling associated with Echo.

11. COMMENTS
Echo was not visible on 4 May in Maryland. Nothing to indicate this was a/c sighting. Duration & flight characteristics as well as description conforms with this analysis.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Possibly Balloon

Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft

Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical

Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. You may, if it is deemed necessary, contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Date appears to be partially filled in, but is not fully legible]

2. Time of day: 9 [possibly 9:41] P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
               b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Location appears to be partially filled in, but is not fully legible]

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
[Duration appears to be partially filled in, but is not fully legible]

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Fairly 1

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes [checked]

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY:   a. Bright
        b. Cloudy

NIGHT: a. Bright
         b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
               b. In back of you
               c. To your right

               d. To your left
               e. Overhead
               f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank lines]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
    Yes   No   Don't know
a. Appear to stand still at any time?    [ ]  [ ]  [ ]
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?   [ ]  [ ]  [ ]
c. Break up into parts or explode?    [ ]  [ ]  [ ]
d. Give off smoke?     [ ]  [ ]  [ ]
e. Change brightness?    [ ]  [ ]  [ ]
f. Change shape?     [ ]  [ ]  [ ]
g. Flash or flicker?     [ ]  [ ]  [ ]
h. Disappear and reappear?    [ ]  [ ]  [ ]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   NO   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   NO   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: NO SOUND HEARD OR AIRPLANE OR ANYTHING
b. Color: DIM WHITE AS A STAR

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object one eye one foot
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the same time of
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
ALL OF IT

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch appears, but as per instructions, I will not describe its contents]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? SATELLITE SPEED

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   (No)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. in the business section of a city?
b. in the residential section of a city?
c. in open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East            e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast       f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No       e. Binoculars      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No       f. Telescope       Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No       g. Theodolite      Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No       h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

[Handwritten text in this section appears to be partially illegible, but seems to start with "LIKE" and includes words like "1965" and "DISTANCE"]


- page 5 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Page 5 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
YES, SATELLITES IN 1959 & 1960, BUT THIS SLIGHTLY FASTER IN MY MEMORY.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
E.G. DAVIS, 1261-23rd S, Arlington, Va.
MANY OTHERS (ABOUT a DOZEN)-WOULD REQUIRE MUCH RESEARCH TO FIND THEM ALL.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]   AGE [redacted]   SEX [redacted]

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
HAVE SEEN SATELLITES BEFORE.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Date fields mostly blank]
TO NASA AND TO LOCAL SPACE (CIRCLE) TECH. ASSN, HAVE BEEN IN CONTACT.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
    Day    Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

"This phenomenon like satellites appeared to me in the past but light, steady - not on and off (one end - cover - end turning).

However, this did not describe an exact straight path. Six people except straight path (indicated) very slightly deviated from a constant line. To see this satellite has been time to time now. I can now see the satellite repeated to me to be now."


- page 8 -

