PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
31 May 1963

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local 31/17037

4. PHOTO
☐ Yes
☒ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 minutes

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Four radar returns with flight path changeable. Radar film submitted for analysis.

2. LOCATION
44N 19W (Atlantic)

3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☒ Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
Military

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Three

11. COMMENTS
Three tracks, two following identical paths at 120 dgr from the a/c. All speeds are the same (1400 mph). No visual sighting although no blips were indicated at ranges of 2, 3 1/2, and 5 miles. Sighting possibly caused by equipment malfunction, or more likely by other electronic equipment within the plane.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon

☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft

☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Electronic Interference
☐ Other: Since from a/c
☐ Unqualified Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown a/c


- page 1 -

The text I can clearly read is:

10.6

The rest of the image appears to be a circular diagram with concentric rings and markings around the circumference, with some partially obscured text and markings. The bottom of the page has several dark rectangular shapes. The image quality is low contrast and somewhat grainy, typical of an older scanned document.


- page 2 -

I cannot find any legible text in this image. The document appears to be a black and white scan showing a circular diagram or chart with concentric rings and markings, with some blacked-out sections at the bottom of the page. The image quality is poor and grainy, making any potential text unreadable.


- page 3 -

I can see a circular diagram with concentric rings and a degree/angle scale around the perimeter. There is a small white dot in the center of the circles. At the bottom of the page, there are some partially visible text fragments, with "1014" visible on one of the white areas. The page appears to be a technical or scientific document, possibly a chart or measurement diagram. The image is in black and white and looks like a scanned document with some image degradation and speckling.


- page 4 -

The text I can discern in this image is very limited:

Bottom left: 
0.10
3

The rest of the image appears to be a circular diagram or chart with concentric circles and markings around the circumference, but the text on those markings is not clearly legible in this black and white scanned document.


- page 5 -

The text I can discern on this document is:

"1000"

The rest of the text appears to be illegible due to the low contrast and quality of the scanned image. The document appears to contain a circular diagram or chart with numerical markings around its circumference, and some additional objects or documents at the bottom of the page.


- page 6 -

The text I can clearly read on this document is:

10.0

The rest of the document appears to be a circular diagram with concentric rings and numerical markings around the circumference, but the text on those markings is not clearly legible in this scan. There is also a small circular object with some markings on the bottom right of the image.


- page 7 -

The text I can discern in this image is:

10-05

The image appears to be a circular diagram or instrument with a graduated circular scale around its perimeter, with a white or light-colored central point. There is also a white rectangular object in the lower portion of the image.


- page 8 -

The only legible text in this image is:

0034

The rest of the image appears to be a circular diagram or chart with concentric rings and markings, and some additional partially obscured objects or documents at the bottom of the page.


- page 9 -

00032


- page 10 -

The text I can clearly read is:

00 30

The rest of the image appears to be a technical diagram or chart with concentric circles and a graduated scale/compass-like marking around the circumference. There is a white rectangular box in the center bottom of the image, and the document seems to have perforated edges on the top and bottom.


- page 11 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

26 June 1963

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDSED
SUBJECT: Evaluation of UFO Report From Dow AFB, Maine

TO: TDEW (Lt Col Friend)

1. Three separate tracks are visible on the scope, two of them following identical tracks at 120 degrees from the aircraft heading. The third track is at a varying angle at about 315 degrees from the aircraft heading. All three tracks are traveling at the same speed - 1400 mph.

2. It would appear that visual sighting of at least one target would be made (at noon) since all three tracks are headed for and come within 2 miles of the observing aircraft and miles of the aircraft before "disappearing."

3. Since the "targets" were not seen visually or on any ground radar, and since the apparent speeds are identical (two even traversing angular patches) it is considered likely that these scope returns are a result of either equipment malfunction or more probably are caused by other electronic equipment on the plane.

4. Still, only insufficient data was submitted. The range on the scope was not indicated but is assumed to be 2 miles between radar markers. Likewise the weather is said to be "N/A" but it would have a bearing on visual observation as well as radar operation.

VINCENT D. BRYANT
TDSED

Case No. 23 - I don't feel there was sufficient information to corroborate electronic interference. DR HYNEK LETTER EXTRACT


- page 12 -

The text I can discern in this image is:

0-28

The image appears to be a document with a circular diagram or chart with numerical markings around its circumference. There is also a white rectangular label/box and another partially visible diagram or marking to the right side of the image. The document seems to be a black and white scanned page with some degradation or scanning artifacts.


- page 13 -

There is no readable text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white document with a circular diagram or chart with numbered markings around its circumference. The document has some decorative border elements at the top and bottom of the page, and there is a white rectangular area near the top right of the image. The overall image quality is somewhat grainy and low contrast.


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

266

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for April 27, 1963

ASTRONOMY

Mars Still Visible in May

Mars, still visible on May evenings, is about as bright as Regulus in the constellation Leo, both of which are located in the southwest portion of the skies.

By JAMES STOKLEY

► THE PLANET MARS JOINS within nine bright stars that shine in the evening skies of May.

Three of these stars, as well as Mars, are shown on the accompanying map, which depicts the sky as it looks about 11:00 p.m. at the end of May, 10:00 p.m. at the middle of the month.

Toward the southwest is the constellation Leo, with the first magnitude star called Regulus. This, and five stars now in a hooked-shaped formation, form a group called the sickle. This is one of the old star maps, the line of which, which curves upward and then down, toward the southwestern horizon, marked the animal's head.

Mars Close to Regulus

Mars is now in this same part of the sky, and about one-third brighter as a Regulus. On the astronomical brightness scale, Mars is magnitude 1.3 and Regulus is 1.4. The planet appears with a steady reddish light, unlike the twinkling glow of the stars.

All month Mars will draw closer and closer to Regulus and on the night of May 21 will pass about 1/2 degree to the north of it. (A degree is about the diameter of the moon.)

About as high as Leo, toward the southeast, is Bootes, the herdsman, with Arcturus, about 2.5 times as bright as Regulus. Spica, in Virgo, the virgin, in which another bright star, Regulus, is located.

The constellation of Bootes extends over into the map of the northern half of the sky and there it comes near the end of the handle of the big dipper, which is part of the Ursa Major, the great bear.

Under the great bear are several bright stars that were conspicuous in the south on previous maps. These include Castor, which will appear for a while in Gemini, the twins; is Pollux, along with his fainter brother, Castor. Farther right is Auriga, the charioteer, with Capella, and to the left of the twins is Procyon, in Canis Minor, the little dog.

Now in the northeast stands Vega, in Lyra, the lyre. Under it is Cygnus, the swan, with Deneb, a first magnitude star that is dimmed because it is now very low in the sky and so is shown as second magnitude.

[The rest of the text describes various astronomical details about planets and stars visible in the May sky, including details about minor planets and astronomical observations.]

Note: The document contains two star charts showing the positions of various stars and constellations, but as per the instructions, I have not described the charts in detail.


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the page:

SCIENCE FIELDS

PSYCHOLOGY
Drinking Increases Sensuous Thoughts

> SOCIAL DRINKING increases sensuous thoughts, psychologists told the meeting of the Eastern Psychological Association in New York.

College men who drank liquor at a fraternity party had many more thoughts about love, sex and romance than they did when sober, the psychologists suggested, the drinkers let up censorship.

Their imagination increased.

Unlike the soft beverage drinkers, the students drinking liquor became less concerned about time, less interested in appointments, having enough time to wear the wanted, or wasting time waiting for others became less and less important.

One or two drinks does not seem to be enough to cause these changes, Rudolf Kalin, Dr. David C. McClelland of Harvard University told the meeting.

The framing members drank an average of 14.4 ounces of 96 proof alcohol. Those in a group that averaged only 4.07 ounces per person were not affected in the same way.

With sensuous effects of social drinking often neglected by psychologists who concentrate on the drinker's loss of intellectual, abilities and physical coordination, the psychologists said.

At the party, a typical scenario was set up. The students were not aware of alcohol research was being conducted.

Every 25 minutes, the party of discussion was interrupted and the students were set or stories about pictures shown to them.

From the stories, the psychologists analyzed the students' reactions while they drank.

ANTHROPOLOGY
Man's World Reversed While Pregnant Craving

> IT IS DEFINITELY a man's world in Lagos, Ceylon, but women have found a way to turn the tables: dola-dukis.

Since ancient times, men have revered dola-dukis, the intense pregnancy craving of their wives.

While Americans make light of a pregnant woman's craving for strange foods and her occasional mood changes, dola-dukis is a serious matter, Dr. G. Obeyesekere, University of Ceylon anthropologist, reports in American Anthropologist, 65: 323, 1963.

At the Lagos village, a woman in labor will not let the craving of the fetus will not be satisfied, it is

held. A pregnant woman may hold this threat over her husband to make him fetch and carry what on her and look after the children.

Escaping from the man's world once in a while helps the Lagala women live with it the rest of the time, Dr. Obeyesekere explained.

MEDICINE
Harmless Heart Murmurs Common in Children

> MANY CHILDREN are denied physical examinations because of harmless, innocent heart murmurs.

In a survey of 500 school children, Dr. Bernard L. Segal of Hahnemann Medical College and Hospital in Philadelphia told a Hahnemann symposium: Common murmurs can be sorted out from organic murmurs by careful use of the stethoscope at the bedside without recourse to expensive or hazardous diagnostic procedures, Dr. Segal said.

CHEMISTRY
Bureau of Mines Reports On Properties of Flames

> STUDIES of the fundamental properties of flames from Bunsen type burners have been summarized and interpreted by the Bureau of Mines to provide new insights into a guide feature research into the "mechanics of flame propagation."

Department of the Interior reports. Flames differ in a number of ways according to their source, manner of burning, turbulence and luminosity. When candle flames were studied, it was desirable to have little specks of turbulent carbon dancing in the flame to make a bright yellow light. However, when gas is burned spontaneously in a stove, the lack of luminosity indicates efficiency.

DENTISTRY
70% Fewer Cavities With Phosphate-Fluoride

> STANNOUS FLUORIDE, now used to protect children's teeth, and a part of some toothpaste formulas, has a potential rival in sodium phosphate fluoride which cuts dental decay 70%. "Promising" results of seven years' preliminary research were announced at the meeting of the International Association for Dental Research at Pittsburgh by Dr. Harry Liebe of Indiana University Infirmary. The researcher said there was no reason why the phosphate-fluoride solution could not be put into dentifrices or mouth washes, although it might be a difficult chemical task to perfect the "best" mixture.

Celestial Time Table for May

9:00 a.m.   Neptune nearest earth, distance 4,752,000 miles
6 midnight  Moon farthest, distance 252,500 miles
8 1:19 a.m. Full moon
16 5:00 a.m. Moon passes Saturn
23 9:37 a.m. Moon in last quarter
17 11:00 a.m. Mercury between earth and sun
19 1:00 noon Moon passes Jupiter
23 midnight  New moon
29 2:40 a.m. Moon passes Mars
Subtract one hour for CDT, two hours for MDT, and three hours for PDT.


- page 16 -

At the top right of the document, I can clearly read:

Recorded 24 Nov 67
May 1963

At the top left, I can read:

NCJC

The rest of the document appears to be very faint and mostly illegible. While I can see some text fragments, I cannot confidently reproduce them without potentially introducing errors.


- page 17 -

Much of the text on this page is illegible due to poor image quality and low contrast. I can make out some numbers and fragments of text, but cannot confidently reproduce a complete, accurate transcription. The document appears to be a typewritten page with rows of numbers and text, but the details are too blurry to read with certainty.


- page 18 -

The text I can clearly read on this page is:

"my copy to her switch"

Most of the text on the page appears to be illegible or too faint to read with certainty. There is a horizontal line drawn across the page and a question mark (?) near the line.


- page 19 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   May 1963
                                                                Boskloof, South Africa

Source:    Flying Saucer Review (Jul-Aug 63)

Flying Saucer Scare in the Cape
                Police called in

The Flying Saucer Review is grateful to Mr. Philipps J. Homan for having sent the following account which appeared in the Johannesburg Sunday Times for May 5.

[The rest of the text appears to be a newspaper article about a flying saucer sighting, but the full text is not clearly legible due to the image quality. The visible portions suggest a detailed account of a UFO encounter, but the specific details cannot be fully transcribed.]


- page 20 -

Extract from "Sky and Telescope" Vol. XXV, No. 5; May 1963

New Comet Alcock

Among the attractions of May skies is a fairly bright comet, 1963b, discovered by G. E. D. Alcock in England on March 19th. At that time it was an 8th-magnitude diffuse glow near Delta Cygni. The newcomer was moving nearly directly toward the earth; hence its apparent motion was very slow during the next two weeks.

There is close agreement between the preliminary orbits calculated by B.G. Marsden (Yale University Observatory) and Michael McCants (College Station, Texas). Both show that Comet Alcock is moving in a plane almost perpendicular to the earth's orbit, the inclination being 86½ degrees. The comet will pass through perihelion on May 6th, 145 million miles from the sun.

During May the conditions of visibility will be very favorable, because the earth will be between comet and sun. The comet will be at opposition on May 12th, in declination ±50 degrees, only six days after perihelion. Thus Comet Alcock will be well placed for viewing all night long by Northern Hemisphere Observers, as it moves southwestward across Draco, Bootes, and Canes Venatici. In June the comet will pass from Coma Berenices into Virgo.

Apparently, Comet Alcock will verge on naked-eye visibility in mid-May, when its integrated magnitude is predicted as 6.6 by Mr. Marsden, 6.1 by Mr. McCants. However, forecasts of comet brightness are always uncertain, and the object might


- page 21 -

well be a magnitude or two fainter than anticipated. Hence
small telescopes or binoculars will probably be required to
detect Comet Alcock. Its all-night accessibility will favor
special observing projects, photographic and visual.
Systematic observations of the comet's brightness and
dimensions are desirable.


- page 22 -

Visible text on the document:

B53

A-15

1963 JUN 15 02 RE (UFO)
3XM

Classification Canceled
Auth
By

Unclassified

The rest of the text on the page is illegible due to blurring or redaction.


- page 23 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   6 May 1963
                                                                                Westlake, Ohio

I.A.P.A. NEWSLETTER                                                                Page 7

SAUCERS IN THE NEWS

Westlake, Ohio, May 5, 1963. Mr. Robert Alaimo sighted a round star-like UFO over Westlake. The size of a 500 disc arc's length, it seemed to have a falling motion at times. He estimated its altitude to be from 2000-5000 feet. It turned a red color near the end of the sighting. (Look-see, Cleveland UFOLOG Proj.)


- page 24 -

No Case (Information Only)                7 May 1963
                                                    Liverpool, England

Source: Flying Saucer Review (Jul-Aug 63)

ENGLAND
Liverpool Saucer

[The rest of the text in the central article is partially illegible due to image quality, with only fragments of text visible.]

Drawing made by Robert Prest

[The bottom text sections are also partially illegible, with only fragments of text discernible.]

The document includes a black and white drawing/sketch of what appears to be an object with a cross or wing-like shape.


- page 25 -

Liverpool, England, May 3, 1963. At 11:10 P.M. 4 witnesses saw a metallic gray saucer-shaped object about 40 feet in altitude and 80 feet away. The object was about 16 feet in diameter and had a red pulsating light and antennae on its dome.

The sighting lasted 5 to 6 minutes. (Credit: DIQAR, Cheshire England, L. Bostings).

Drawing of object reproduced below:

[Handwritten notes on drawing]
Red warning light
Antennae

Color: metallic gray
Made a sound like a
humming top:

16 feet


- page 26 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   7 May 1963
                                                                           New Orleans, Louisiana

New Orleans, Louisiana. May 7, 1963. At noon on this date residents in the busi-
ness district reported a boomerang-shaped UFO which appeared to be made of filmy
silk-like material. Navy planes were sent up to investigate. Weather Bureau Fore-
caster E.L. Hill stated that he saw the object and 2 smaller "pieces" from the
Bureau's 14th floor office. The 2 smaller objects appeared to fall to the earth
several blocks away. (Look-See)


- page 27 -

Here is the text from the document:

Scan Mystery Sky Object

"WHATSIT" RESEMBLES BOOMERANG

A mysterious, unidentified strange something which glows and leaves no immediate trace was sighted over the New Orleans area today.

There was no immediate explanation of the origin or nature of the phenomenon.

It appeared to be a broad strip of something, allegedly material which hurled and scattered in the light air behind a luminous cloud which an hour later dimmed a heavy screen on the aerial business.

Forecasting L. Bill of the U.S. Weather Bureau Office said he watched the mysterious object in the sky at New Orleans (and saw

both the large streamer and two smaller pieces. The latter two, he said, fell a few blocks away.

"There were also a few fragments, about the size of your hand," Bill said. "One of the pieces appeared to land on Canal st. at about Loyola. The other fell in back of the Charity Hospital complex. This place dropped on the edge of a rock and crawled off."

The U.S. Naval Air Station sent up planes to have a look at the stuff, but no reasonable report. The Federal Aviation Agency had no idea what the streamer might be.

NEW ORLEANS
STATES-ITEM
VOL 86—NO. 230                TUESDAY, MAY 7, 1963                PRICE 5¢

The image appears to be a newspaper page with a blurry, low-contrast photograph of an unidentified sky object.


- page 28 -

No Case (Information Only)

9 May 1963
Mt. Zion, Wisconsin

Source: IANR - SEP 63

Case 77, Mt. Zion, Wisconsin, May 1, 1963. Hale Myers, a Mt. Zion farmer, saw a flying disc flashing red and white. A jet came into view, and the disc suddenly shot straight up into the air. (NICAP Report)


- page 29 -

No Case (Information Only)
Source: APRO Bulletin July 1963

10 May 1963
Eagle Bend, Minnesota

Another strange and frightening experience appeared in THE EAGLE NEWS of Thursday, May 16, 1963 under the heading "What Was It? A Phenomenon?"

A strange frightening phenomenon was witnessed Wednesday evening May 15th by Richard Vogt who resides south of Eagle Bend. The incident, which as yet has University of Minnesota scientists baffled, occurred on the afternoon and following evening at about 11:30 p.m. about one and one-half miles south of Osakis, Minnesota.

In an interview with the individual involved, the News learned that Richard Vogt was enroute home from a business trip which had taken him several miles south of Osakis. When enroute to his home Vogt noticed what he described as a ball of fog approximately three feet in diameter, and somewhat triangular, descending toward him from a perfectly clear sky about a forty-five degree angle. It approached with such rapidity that Vogt was unable to take any evasive action and the mysterious object struck the automobile.

The tremendous amount of heat was evident, and the interior of the vehicle was literally heated to an unbearable heat, and the windshield was even perceived. The full impact of the fog mass was extremely hot to the touch. It was so hot, in fact, that it had to be held to the spot it momentarily contacted. A very brief contact would have resulted in a burn.

Mr. Vogt was so startled by the unusual happening that at first he could not believe what he saw. A bystander might even note some color perhaps even more other nerve and more depth was on the result of scientific test.

He admitted he was left very confused. This is a result of his experience.

As a point of his narrative, he explained that Vogt has his theory, but he wants to finish his story. When he turned into the road, which was a country road, the circular track in the grass, which resulted from the impact, the heat, and the burned spots in the finish of the hood, are all there to corroborate his story.

This strange phenomena has been reported to the University of Minnesota scientists and one, W. J. Luytens, after discussion it with several colleagues, seems to have no definite answer as yet. His personal feeling is that it might have been either a collection of small meteorites, surrounded by some gas produced when they came through the atmosphere or that it was what is sometimes called "ball lightning". This latter is, however, usually a very dangerous affair, and if it hits anything such as the windshield of a car, the object has its struck usually lasting a few seconds.

The matter has been referred to other scientists. The University technical staff are more informed in matters such as this and will be retained or a greater degree.


- page 30 -

Here is the text from the document:

TO: DIRECTOR (INFORMATION CENTER)                                                   19 May 1963
                                                                                    SUBJECT SHEET

Subject: Saucer Arrival - Sep & Oct 63

Mystery blaze at
Belfast, Maine

We are indebted to Mr. Welton
F. Arrow for sending in the
following account. The first
appeared in the Waterville Morn-

ing Sentinel of May 18th:

"Waterville - A mystery blaze
in a wooded area near the
Waldo County Hospital was
witnessed last night by several
persons who said the fire
caused no damage, but they said
it was in the same area of the
past.

Freeman Barry Gagne said he
was a resident living close
to the Waldo County Hospital.
He said it was somewhere
between the hospital and the
Fire Inspector William
Philbrick's home and was
located on the edge of a woods.

He said the blaze was first
noticed about 9:30 PM and
lasted for about 15 minutes.
While the blaze was burning,
Gagne said, it appeared to be
about 15 feet long situated
on the ground and did not
rise very high. It glowed
and touched off the nearby
brush. Gagne said Director
of Civil Defense John B.
Welch said a register counter
showed no change in radiation
levels.

State Fire Inspector William
Philbrick said he was aware
of the incident and had
talked to several witnesses.
Air Station officials said
that no one could offer an
explanation for the blaze.

The second account, which
appears in the same paper,
was by a local broadcasting
station - Stationery WTVL
Maine - and further said a loss
may be sustained because
yesterday and exploded again
in the side of a break or
nothing off a small fire. Police
and Oscar H. Horne said a beam
was tracked, but of the woods
could find no trace of the object
in the Mapleton-Presque Isle
area. Even though the fire
could have started by the
out of the investigates building


- page 31 -

Sky Object Strikes Building, Causes Fire

On Friday, May 10, 1963, shortly after 10 a.m., an object described by witnesses as round, about 15 inches long and blue or green in color, struck a warehouse in Belfast, Maine and exploded.

The building belonging to the Maple Upholstery Company suffered minor damage from a fire which broke out as a result of the collision. It was reported that the first flames visible following the explosion were of a greenish blue.

People in the area reported hearing a blast and Mr. Gene Gagne, a foreman, witnessed the occurrence. No traces of the mysterious object were found.

Mr. Floyd G. Drinkwater, Waldo County Civil Defense Director, investigated the site with a geiger counter and a slightly high radiation reading registered on his instrument. It was reported, however, that this was not enough to indicate contamination from an object from space like, for instance, a meteor. The general consensus among people interested in and investigating this incident was that the object was not an ordinary space object.


- page 32 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   13 May 1963
                                                                       N Ireland

Flying Saucer Review (Jul-Aug 63)

NORTHERN IRELAND
A "smoke-ring cloud"

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW & LIFE MAG.
N IRELAND-May 13
The Belfast News Letter's account follows:
A mysterious 'smoke ring' cloud seen over
Belfast at 2:45 AM was similar in appear-
ance to that observed over Northern Ari-
zona on Feb 28. The picture of the Ari-
zona cloud appeared in Life Mag. It ap-
peared over Flagstaff at sunset. Doctor
James McDonald, a meteorologist at the
Inst of Atmospheric Physics in Tucson,
has been accumulating the pictures. Using
them as a basis for trigonometric calcu-
lation, he has made the startling dis-
covery that the cloud was at least 26 mi
high and 30 mi across - "a lot higher and
bigger," he says, "than a cloud should
be." Rockets, rocket planes, and bombs
were checked out - negative - no water
droplets exist at that height to make a
cloud.

The rest of the text on the left side of the page is partially illegible due to image quality.


- page 33 -

Visible text on the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

063-27265

[Most of the text is illegible due to heavy redaction/blacking out of the document]

The document appears to be a partially obscured page with multiple black redaction bars covering most of the text, leaving only small portions and header/footer information visible.


- page 34 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   17 May 1963
                                                                                       Miami, Florida

Miami, Florida, May 17, 1963: On this night, at about midnight, Mr. & Mrs. Arthur Zimmerman from their home, along with another couple, a cigar-shaped fire-ball travel from the western horizon to the northwest horizon in about 3 minutes. The object, looking like a missile, fluctuated in color from red to orange. The actual distance of the object was estimated at 10-15 miles. As it moved northward, it changed shape to a rectangular object. (Credit: Bill Dunn Jr., UFOlogy Miami).


- page 35 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   18 May 1963
                                                                                Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio

LOCAL SIGHTINGS:
CUYAHOGA FALLS, OHIO - Sat. May 18, 1963
At about 10:45 PM a restaurant WORKER stepped outside Jimarndy's restaurant and was startled to see a round reddish-orange object which remained stationary for about 45 seconds. He described the object as round with clear-cut edges, uniform red-dish-orange color, and though more brilliant than a caution (traffic) light, it wasn't blinding. The apparent size was "like a silver dollar," but upon close questioning, the object was determined to be about the size of a dime at arm's length.

After watching it for what he thought was approximately 15 seconds, the object moved in a descending arc from its original 40° elevation West, to a position directly South, where it disappeared at 20°elevation. The cloud cover was estimated by the observer as overcast at 1500' with a wind of 15mph from the WNW. (The Akron-Canton weather station reported scattered cover at 3500 ft.)

From statements made by the observer, the landmarks, wires, roofs, etc., in the area, the object was above a place between Jimarndy's and the Green Cross Hospital. A short distance east, the path traveled was directly South from the position 10°elevation. The object traveled about one block in its descending path which lasted about 3 seconds.

He said he expected to hear a crash. From the data it would seem that the object was nearby, in the neighborhood. No change in color or intensity, no sound or trail, just instantaneous disappearance.

Observers: Charles Willis
Note: In the March 1963 FSIC Bulletin, we reported an object sighted on 2-16-63, by a husband and wife, which "sailed very closely with this sighting of May 18. That took place in Barberton, Ohio. This same color reported from Canton, O. on 1-14-63 with an April 4th & 5th, a similar color was reported by observers in the Akron area. Characteristics: stationary position in all five; regularly, slow, fluctuation in intensity in two; no change in intensity in three; two at close range.


- page 36 -

No Case (Information Only)                    20 May 1963
South Australia

1963
Source: Flying Saucer Review (Jul-Aug 63)

NEW ZEALAND
Light follows cars

On May 23, the New Zealand
Herald carried the following report with an Adelaide, Australia, dateline: A south claims a mysterious flying object chased a car along a road in South Australia on Monday night May 20.

The youth said the occurrence in a week
was youth, who at 17 does not wish to be identified, will
not be named.

His father who reported the matter to the police said the youth came home quite white, upset and frightened.

The youth said he was driving about 5.30 p.m. when driving between Glenore and Mt.

(Continues next line was illegible)

The first report of the object was received in the Mt. Gambier paper last Wednesday night, May 15, when a car-load of people reported that a bright white, followed their car for several miles.

Credit to Mr. Ray Holden and Mrs. Allen O'Dowd.


- page 37 -

21st, concerning a mysterious flying object which caused a car along a lonely road in South Australia. The car was driven by J. Jearold youth, who noticed that his name not be released by the newspaper. A said the car was driving along a country road at about 9:30 p.m. when he saw an object at the side of the road. Then his car was on 50 yards away from the object. A bright light suddenly started to shine from it, dazzling him. As he claimed, the 967 model car doors then opened. He then saw the object shot straight up into the air and appeared to follow. He was no more than 50 and 60 miles per hour. The light was a bright white light, which changed from red to white in color. Followed their car for several miles...


- page 38 -

Here is the text from the document:

PNXO46: JOPA - SEP 63

Case 75, 88th Australian, May 20, 1962  A youth, 18, reported that while driving, he saw an object on the side of the road. When he was 20 yards away, the object, a bright light shone from the object, and it shot into the air at speed up to 60 sph.


- page 39 -

Youth Chased By
Fiery Object*

On the night of 20 May 1963, a 17-year-
old saw an object which he at first
thought was a truck or a bulldozer at
the side of the road between Glencoe
and Mt. Gambler, near the Victorian bor-
der, in Australia. He refused to let his
name be used as he feared he would be
called "crackers" (crazy). As he drew
to within about 20 yards of the object,
a bright light came on which was daz-
zling and the young man stopped his car.
The object then moved across the road,
and the boy started driving again, speed-
ing up. Then the light shot straight up
into the air and the car went under-
neath it. "Although I was going 50 or
60 miles per hour, the light followed the
car. It was as bright as an arc welder's
light," the youth said. The boy's father,
who reported the incident, said that the
boy arrived home "while, upset and
frightened."

The same press report said that a simi-
lar object was seen by a carload of peo-
ple on the night of the 15th of May and
was reported to Mt. Gambler police. The
light, which turned from red to white, followed the car for
several miles.


- page 40 -

TO 896 (INFORMATION ONLY)                                   21 May 1963
                                                                     Bobbington, England

Bobbington sighting

The Liverpool Echo on May 22 reported the following night-
ing by Bobbington cadets: "Near members of the Bobbington [123]
Air Training Corps Squadron last night saw an unidentifiable flying
object from their headquarters in Cross Lane, Bobbington. They
kept it under observation for about five seconds.

Cadet Warrant Officer Jeffrey Groves, and Cadet Sergeant David
Read, Brockwood Estates, Bobbington, said today that the
object was in the shape of a sphere which had been silked in
colour. It was brilliant gold in
colour.

"I should imagine it was at
an altitude of about 50,000 feet,
possibly more. It seemed to hover
and then is disappeared very
quickly," a (as far as I can
make out) said. "At first I thought
it seemed to be climbing a
westerly direction," and Warrant
Officer Groves.

The object was unlike any-
thing seen in aircraft
recognition classes, added Mr.
Green, who is engaged in the
Nuclear Physics Research
Laboratory at Liverpool Univer-
sity and has been a member of
the NAA would that a man or he
was asked that as soon as he
might see other objects to witness it
(We saw it hovering for about
three seconds and then climbing
for another two or three miles," he
said.

Bromsgrove police said they
had received no report of any
unidentifiable flying objects in
the vicinity last night. The object
was the object Mr. J. E. Doyle."
(Credit to Mr. J. E. Doyle.)


- page 41 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   27 May, 1963
Australia

Sources: Flying Saucer Sighted - Nov-Dec 63

AUSTRALIA
Twice the moon's size

From the Adelaide Advertiser,
May 27: "Mr. F. Pfeiffer, a
farmer, of Macclesfield, reported
last night having sighted a large
bright object in the northwest
sky about 6.50. He said the object
was about twice the size of the
moon.

"It came towards me and then
remained stationary for about a
second and a half before moving
off at terrific speed," he said. In
the circle of light were a number
of bright lights. Mr. Pfeiffer said
he had been watching the area
where he had previously noticed
rocket sodium vapour trails.
[No rockets were fired from
Woomera yesterday.]


- page 42 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   29 May 1963
                                                                      Canberra, Australia

Source: Flying Saucer Review (Jul - Aug 63)

Astronomer sights saucer

[The rest of the text appears to be partially obscured or blacked out, making it difficult to read the full content of the document. Some words are visible, but not enough to confidently transcribe the entire text.]

The bottom of the document indicates:
The Department of Civil Aviation said in a press statement
the rest at that time.
Credit to Mr Ray Holden


- page 43 -

No Case (Information Only)                                about 31 May 1963
                                                                   Canberra, NSW, Australia

SKYWATCHERS SIGHT SAUCER - - -
C.N.E.R., NSW -Australia
The New Zealand Herald, on May 31, 1963, reported as follows:
                A mysterious orange object which was seen to flash across the sky above Canberra on Wed night is puzzling astronomers at the lit Stromlo Obsy. The directors, Prof B Bo... ...two other astronomers saw the object at 6:58PM as it sailed across the night sky. They watched it for more than one minute.

"The object was below a light cloud so did not lose its brightness in the 50 seconds it was watched," said Dr Bok, Prof Bok, who was soon in Holland, is a world authority on the Milky Way and radio astronomy.


- page 44 -

JOINT MESSAGEFORM

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: [Blacked out]

PRECEDENCE: ROUTINE
ACTION: INFO
TYPE MSG: (Omit) BOOK MULTI SINGLE
ACCOUNTING SYMBOL: AP
ORIG. OR REFERENCE: [Partially blacked out]
CLASSIFICATION OF REFERENCE: [Blacked out]

FROM: FTD WPAFB, OHIO

TO: 397BW DOW AFB MAINE

REFERENCE YOUR DC01 21452 SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS

THIS MESSAGE IN THREE PARTS. PART I. DESIRE MORE DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE FLIGHT PATH OF THE OBJECTS:
i.e., THE RANGE AND AZIMUTH, SPACING, ETC. OF THE TARGETS AT INTERVALS DURING THE TIME OBSERVED. ALSO INCLUDE ESTIMATED SPEED OF TARGET(S) RANGE WHEN FIRST OBSERVED, RANGE WHEN LAST OBSERVED, AND ANY DIFFERENCES IN THE APPEARANCE OR ACTIONS OF THESE TARGETS (ON THE SCOPE) FROM NORMAL AIRCRAFT TARGETS. PART II. WERE THE TARGETS OBSERVED BY OTHER AIRCRAFT, BY ANY GROUND RADARS, OR VISUALLY? PART III. IF REMEMBERED, TYPICAL SKETCHES OF THE SCOPE DISPLAY WOULD HELP. (SCP-4)

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

DATE: 14 MONTH: Jun YEAR: 63

SIGNATURE: [Signed]

TYPED NAME AND TITLE:
ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology & Subsystems

DD FORM 173 REPLACES DD FORM 173, 1 OCT 48, WHICH WILL BE USED UNTIL EXHAUSTED


- page 45 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
DEFENSE APRIL BULLETIN JAN 64

Astronomers Watch UFO
In Australia

Dr. H. Gallnow, Miss M. Mowat and
Professor Bart Bok, of the Mt. Stromlo
observatory, saw a brightly-lit object as
it sailed across the sky on 30 May 1963.
They watched it for a period of one min-
ute and gave this description: It was
self-luminous and not glowing from
fleeting the rays of the sun. It was
orange-red in color and traveled from
west to east, passing almost directly over
the observatory. It could not have been
a meteor because it was far too slow and
did not leave a trail that a meteor of
its size would have made. It appeared
to be travelling too fast for a balloon. It
appeared to be below a light cloud and
did not change brightness in the 60 sec-
onds it was watched.

Professor Bok said the next day that
the object could have been a satellite,
but then pointed out that it was not one
normally seen at Mt. Stromlo, appeared
at the wrong time, and glowed far too
brightly for a normal satellite. The De-
partment of Civil Aviation said no planes
were in the area at the time.


- page 46 -

Here is the text from the document:

What Did Cooper See?

In may 1963 while American Astronaut Gordon Cooper was in his 15th orbit over Australia, he reportedly saw an unidentified object racing in the opposite direction. The following is a direct quote from the KGY Los Angeles radio broadcast which was piped in direct from Cape Canaveral:

"Reports from West Australia which indicate that an unidentified and somewhat mysterious light was visible from the capsule. These reports all said that the unknown space phenomenon was of a green color with a red tail. Spokesman at Muchea (spelling may be wrong) the transport is blurred here) the station in Australia, tracking this, said that the light, of course, had nothing to do with the capsule or its journey through space but the spokesman did not discount its presence up there."

The second report direct from Cape Canaveral May 16, 1963 8:00-8:05 a.m. (CPT). This portion began with Ellis Abel, NBC New York, who switched immediately to John Chancellor NBC Space Control, Cape Canaveral. Portion of his statement follows: "And after that he will be in the dark again over Australia as he was in the 18th orbit. At that time NBC News reports he saw unidentified light in the sky preceding in the opposite direction. Reportedly the light was green with red tail. A spokesman at the Australia tracking station at Muchea said the light, of course, did not have anything to do with the capsule's flight but of course, tracking this, said the least, that after that one small report, no further information was available concerning the mystery object.

This brings to mind, however, the "snowflakes" or tiny lighted particles seen by Glenn and subsequent orbiting astronauts. Although Russian cosmonauts had supposedly preceded American astronauts they did not mention such bits of information until they were publicly mentioned by Glenn. However, at last inspection of reports concerning the mystery lights encountered by Glenn and other astronauts they definitely into the sunrise, NASA had no explanation. Some researchers and UFO fans have noted this chain of occurrences with the implied notion that they could be spacecraft of a sort—monitoring the activities of the astronauts or that these objects laid along the orbit of the astronauts at least strongly suggest that they may have had something to do with past orbits, of which there have been many. It is a known fact that all American space launches have been along a prescribed orbital route. Whether or not these tiny and not identical particles are pieces of spacecraft long since disintegrated, or bits of matter from a spacecraft refuse system whether it be earth originated or not, is not likely to be resolved by the information presently at hand. At least, samples can be obtained. That they are some kind of inert matter which are orbiting around earth or suspended at a specific altitude is quite obvious. If they were some type of tiny monitoring objects, it is difficult to understand why their sponsor would be interested, or ending them at apparent orbit of a different size and shape, was reflected, according to the viewers, as refracted for they were only seen at sunrise.

(See Cooper—Page 5)


- page 47 -

1 - 18 JUNE 1963 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                           OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

Summer  Middletown, New York                                          UNIDENTIFIED
8       Mesa, Arizona                                                 Astro (SUN DOG)
8       Dayton, Ohio                                                  SATELLITE
8       Skokie, Illinois                                              INSUFFICIENT DATA
9       Seattle, Washington                                           AIRCRAFT
9       Xenia, Ohio                                                   SATELLITE
11      Sioux City, Iowa                                              AIRCRAFT
13      25.8N 89.56W (Gulf of Mexico)                                 SATELLITE
13      Dayton, Ohio                                                  SATELLITE
13      Misawa AB, Japan                                              BALLOON
13      3k.OON 11k.OOE (Pacific)                                      INSUFFICIENT DATA
13      Little Rock, Arkansas                                         AIRCRAFT
13      Washington, D. C.                                             (SEARCHLIGHTS)
14      Ocean Station ECHO (Atlantic)                                 SATELLITE
14      Chicago, Illinois                                             Other (ATMOSPHERIC CONDITIONS)
14      Houston, Texas                                                SATELLITE
14      Greensboro, North Carolina                                    SATELLITE
15      14.27N 69.57E (Indian Ocean)                                  UNIDENTIFIED
15      Dallas - Ft. Worth, Texas                                     Other (EQUIPMENT IN PHOTOGRAPHER WAS RIDING)
15      San Jose, California                                          AIRCRAFT
15      Randolph AFB, Big Springs, Webb                Military - Civilian   Other (SATELLITE DECAY)
15      AFB, Texas
15      33.40N 175.00W (Pacific)                       Military        SATELLITE
16      39.09N 152.68 (Pacific)                        Military        AIRCRAFT
16      Dayton, Ohio                                   Military        SATELLITE
16      San Jose, California                           Military        SATELLITE
16      28.30N 162.20W (Pacific)                       Military        SATELLITE
16      28N 162 W (Pacific)                            Military        Other (HOAX)
16      Albuquerque, New Mexico                        (PHOTOS)        SATELLITE

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS ( NOT CASES )

DATE    LOCATION                           SOURCE                     EVALUATION

June    Universe                            Science News Ltr           
1       Sturgis, Michigan                   News Clipping             
1       Chicago, Illinois                   "                         
3       Hong Kong, China                    "                         
3       West Hollywood, Florida              "                        
6       Lyle, Minnesota                     "                         
6       Surrey, England                     "                         
9       Norbrooks, Illinois                 "                         
9       Sussex, England                     "                         
9       Barberton, Ohio                     "                         
10      Concordia, Argentina                "                         
10      Tallmadge, Ohio                     "                         
10-12   Boulder City, Colorado              "                         
12      New Zealand                         "                         
13      North Scituate, Mass.               "                         
13      Elgin, Illinois                     "                         


- page 48 -

1 - 16 JUNE 1963 SIGHTINGS

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                SOURCE          EVALUATION
16      North City, New Zealand  News Clipping
16      Cleveland, Ohio
18      Garfield, New Jersey     (Ltr)


- page 49 -

HEADQUARTERS
397th BOMBARDMENT WING (H)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
DOW AIR FORCE BASE, MAINE

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DCOI/2nd Lt. Richard L. Gibbs/2270

SUBJECT: UFO

17 June 1963

TO: Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio ATTN: FTD

1. In reference to your message TDE 14-6-252 we are sending prints of unidentified objects. You will have the information requested by use.

2. Additional information is as follows: no other aircraft reports of ground radar observation.

RICHARD L. GIBBS
2nd LT., USAF
CTO, PREDICTION &
INTERPRETATION BRANCH

1 Atctn
12 Prints

[The document also has some classification markings and stamps at the bottom of the page, but the text is not fully legible.]


- page 50 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW
SUBJECT: UFO Report

24 June 1963

TO: TDEED (Mr. Bryant)

Request analysis of the attached UFO report.

[Signature] ROBERT J. FRIEND
Lt Col, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

1. Msg fm 397BW Dow AFB, (C)
Maine; dtd 12 Jun 63, (C)
T63-27265
2. Msg fm FTD WPAFB, O. to
397BW Dow AFB, Maine; dtd 14
Jun 63. (C) T63-27472
3. Ltr fm DOC1 (2nd Lt Gibbs),
to FTD, WPAFB,O, d'td 17 Jun 63.
(C) T63-28860.

3 Atch

If inclosure is withdrawn (or
not attached), the classification of this correspondence will be downgraded to
in
accordance with AFR205.1.


- page 51 -

TDED
Evaluation of UFO Report From Dow AFB, Maine                26 June 1963

TDED (Lt Col Friend)

1. Three separate tracks are visible on the scope, two of them following identical tracks at 120 degrees from the aircraft heading. The third track is at a varying angle at about 315 degrees from the aircraft heading. All three tracks are traveling at the same speed - 1400 mph.

2. It would appear that visual sighting of at least one target would be made (at noon) since all three tracks are noted for the observing aircraft and come within 2 miles, 31 miles and 51 miles of the aircraft before "disappearing."

3. Since the "targets" were not seen visually or on any ground radar, and since the apparent speeds are identical (two over traveling identical (two over traveling identical angular paths) it is considered likely that these scope returns are a result of either equipment malfunction or more probably are caused by other electronic equipment on the plane.

4. Still, only insufficient data was submitted. The range on the scope was not indicated but is assumed to be 2 miles between range markers. Likewise the weather is said to have a "A" but is would have bearing on visual observation as well as radar operation.

VINCENT D. BRYANT
TDED


- page 52 -

This case includes twelve(12) 8"x10" photographs.


- page 53 -

