Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
22 May 1963

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local - 22:45Z
GMT - 23/02:45Z

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 minutes total
3. second batch

2. LOCATION
Pequannock, New Jersey

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
■ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

6. SOURCE
Civilian

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Four

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Pink wheels observed by one witness moving very fast from E to W. At least four evenly spaced about 1/2 minute apart. All alike in all respects. Each object in view only about one second. Circular and large. No trail, tail, sound. Objects appeared to be spinning or rolling. Spacing was even. Observed after window, watched about 25 minutes after. The last one appeared and no report.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon

□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft

□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical

□ Other UNIDENTIFIED
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Probably reflections from some internal source. Indications are that objects as viewed were not solid objects that they were not established light source. Insufficient data to confirm this analysis. More data required.

ATIC FORM 164 (REV 16 SEPT 52)


- page 1 -

HEADQUARTERS
161st AIR TRANSPORT WING (H), (MATS)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
McGuire Air Force Base, New Jersey

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: MCIO
SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Object                                   5 June 1963

TO:   AFSC (FTID)
       Wright-Patterson AFB
       Ohio

The attached report of sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object is forwarded in accordance with AFR 200-2. The objects were observed by Miss _______, P.O. Box 23, Pequannock, New Jersey.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JAMES F. BOUCHARD
Major, USAF
Information Officer

2 Atch
1. Bsc ltr
2. Questionnaire


- page 2 -

Pequannock, N.J.
May 24, 1963

The Commander
McGuire Air Force Base
Burlington County
N. J.
Dear Sir:

Attached is a rough sketch of what I saw
in the sky recently. I understand that you
make an inquiry about "flying saucers" is exact
or not?

I made an inquiry, locally, as to whether
there was any beamed light, powerful beam
or searchlight in use at that time and the
answer was "No." I am a Reserve of the
last war (U.S.A.F.) and a plane spotter at a
meeting between 100% trained certificate
from Mitchell Field and a most Medal "Service
hours" also, while on duty on the top of a
mountain in the Pocono's, I observed
numerous rather resulting in the round-up
of five 5th columns from Bergen County
(So) San taking the liberty of writing to you
about the "pink light" thing. I had it
in my case, these "wheels" or "saucers" were not in my head!

Respectfully yours,
(Miss)


- page 3 -

QUESTIONNAIRE
(PLEASE PRINT CLEARLY IN INK, OR TYPEWRITE. ANSWER ALL QUESTIONS,
FORWARD TWO COMPLETED COPIES TO 1611 AIR TRANSPORT WING (TING
INFORMATION OFFICE), MCGUIRE AIR FORCE BASE, NEW JERSEY)

1. Describe objects clearly. Include shape, size, color, etc., of
objects.
Circular, large, pure a constant "telescope" sized
& with elevated, yellowish-white color. It held nearly
for large truck on tractor width. If held nearly
very best of its height.

2. Give number of objects. If more than one, indicate formation of
same.
4, all alike, about 1/2 minute apart
4-3-2-1 → East to West. Each one
seen for a moment

3. Mention any discernible feature or details. Include type of tail
on objects; type of trail or exhaust stream left.
No tail, no trail or exhaust stream

4. Was there any sound? If so, describe. (Jet sound, whooshing, etc.)
No. but perhaps there was too far away to hear.
may be none

5. Were there any other pertinent or unusual features?
Nothing did not appear to be spinning
or moving

6. What first called your attention to the objects?
just happened to look up & saw a glowing ring in under
them. Suddenly they were there. Watched for 3 or 4 min
there were three more, spread about 1/2 min apart

7. What was the angle, elevation and azimuth (estimated) of objects
when they were first observed? Then they disappeared:
Strongly, having horizontal, East to West from
beginning to end.

Elevation - Neither very high nor very low
(having to estimate the more definite)

Distance away - looking almost South, appeared
to be approximately 3 to 4 miles
away & possibly near Bordentown, N.J.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Observed from Hamilton, N.J. hills

Straight horizontal path,
E & W

(Hamilton)

There were at least four of these, spaced about 1/2 min. apart, all alike in every respect. Type of structure, position, color etc. These have been noticed before) first noticed them.

Additional notes on the right side of the document include:
Approx. 10:45 P.M.
14 alt. 5/22/63

Each now seen
probably
in second

Appear to be
like a large
bright "a kind" →


- page 5 -

8. Please describe the flight path and maneuvers of objects fully.
Going very fast, East to West, on a straight, steady initial path. No variation

9. How long were the objects visible? (Be exact: 5 minutes, 2 hours, etc.) Nearly one hour for about a second. There were about nearly 9 minutes between their appearances. The whole incident happened in about 10 - 15 minutes - he reckons.

10. Did you use binoculars or a telescope at any time during the sighting?
Yes. (If so, what type.) When and how long were they used?
Yes, the path, watched for a long time (20 to 25 min.) but saw no more of them.

11. Give exact time and date of sighting. Indicate light conditions (day, night, dawn, etc.)
Night approx 10:45 PM) Wed 5/22/63

12. Indicate weather conditions at that time. (Clear, rain, haze, cloudy, etc.)
Clear, some stars, clouds white.

13. Was there a full moon, half, etc.? There was possibly a half moon though I could not be absolutely certain. I was looking in the direction of the moon.

14. How did the objects seem to disappear? (Suddenly to the North, slowly, fading, etc.) Be sure to indicate direction. From East, they seemed to very gradually fade out, heading West, gradually disappeared mapped here and then seemed to ascend, on the same straight, slightly tilted path.

15. Did anyone else (with you at that time) see these objects? If so, please give name, address.
No, I was alone, about to retire. I am rooming temporarily in Kinnelon and did not mention anything about this matter to my landlady.

Respectfully submitted,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 6 -

