PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
6 December 1963

2. LOCATION
Ashland, Kentucky

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local    06/1030H
GMT      06/1632Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
2 Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5-6 Minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
N-SE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Dark colored sphere with ray-like ring in flight. Seen by several witnesses. Like egg or oval. Schedule not available. Drawing indicates erratic path. Speed estimated 750-1000ft.

11. COMMENTS
Possible ECHO or possible A/C. ECHO schedule not available. More likely a/c with ray effect attributed to atmospheric conditions. Insufficient data for conclusion.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
■ Was Aircraft
■ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
■ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown


- page 1 -

SAF-OIPY/M.Galse/7563o/17Dec63

Dear [redacted],

The Office of the President has asked the Air Force to reply to your letter concerning your sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object over Ashland, Kentucky on December 5, 1963.

Enclosed is an official questionnaire "U.S. Air Force Technical Information" form FTD 164. If you would complete the questionnaire in this form and return it to this Headquarters, the Air Force will attempt to evaluate your sighting and advise you of the results.

Thank you for advising us regarding this report.

Sincerely,

G. R. CARLSON
Colonel, USAF
Deputy Chief
Public Information Division
Office of Information

1 Attachment
Form 164 with envelope
Ashland, Kentucky


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. This information then you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
6 December 1963

2. Time of day:
(Circle One) AM or PM

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One) a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Ashland, Ky.     Ashland     Boyd

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours: (blank)   Minutes: ext 5   Seconds: (blank)

5a. Certain:
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?: Clock

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   No ✓

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Clear             a. Bright
b. Hazy              b. Cloudy
c. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
b. In back of you   e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 64 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 64, which is obsolete.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
it was a dark color object

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other spoked sign

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
I don't know - because there was no object.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   [No]   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   [No]   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound like the faint sound of a train
b. Color black or gray

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and see how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by this match head?

[A small sketch/symbol is drawn]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A small sketch is drawn with a note: "had a hazy disk thru area around it"]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 700 to 8,000 ft.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) _____________
e. At sea
f. Other in motor age park

23. Were you? (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over ocean, country?
g. Other _________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast        d. Southeast        f. Southwest        h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No     e. Binoculars        Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No     f. Telescope         Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No     g. Theodolite        Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No     h. Other             Yes   No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The last section appears to have no written response]


- page 6 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are on the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw this object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that this object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during its course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names, and addresses:

[Partially redacted text with "Ashland, Kentucky" visible]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Ashland, City, Ky. State
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE 10 SEX log

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

"I am farsighted come so much
(Corrected mean I have an eye defect)"

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Partially illegible date: December 1963]
[Partially illegible additional text at bottom of page]


- page 8 -

Here is the text I can see in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
    Day: [blank]
    Month: [blank]
    Year: [blank]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The page appears to be a blank form with two numbered sections, with no additional text or information filled in.


- page 9 -

