The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record card with various fields filled out, including the date, location, type of observation, number of objects, duration of observation, and comments. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

1. DATE: 13 dec 63
2. LOCATION: cincinnati, ohio
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: visual
4. SOURCE: civilian
5. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
6. COURSE: straight
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 or 6 minutes
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: airplane, bright metallic color, more than 95 degrees brightness, flight from 45 to 90 degrees
11. COMMENTS: possible meteor observation

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Amalgamated Flying Saucer Clubs of America, Inc.
Cinnaminson, N.J. 08077

September 7th, 1964

Department of Air Force
Office of Information
BPIO-3, Blue Book (SAOUP-OIPR)
Washington, D.C. 20330.

Gentlemen:

I kindly send me a "U.S. Air Force forms to fill out for a sighting.

I would also appreciate the return of the pictures, continuity and completion of daily logs.

In this manner I can determine also, I desire to pass on information fighting and coordinate as current sightings.

APRO Member Sights
Green "Jet" In Jersey

At 5:20 p.m. on December 13, 1963, APRO member Michael J. Campione saw what he described as a flying object resembling an Air Force jet trainer, but which glowed with a light green phosphorescent color. To be more specific, the color was close to "spring green," a classification of crayon used in children's coloring books. All around the outline of the object was a fuzzy luminous halo. The report states that the two sightings over Long Island in September and the present instance are very similar.

The shape of the UFO was that of an elongated diamond. Two narrow wing-like projections extended out from either side of the fuselage in the same relative position as wings on a conventional aircraft. On each "wing tip" was what resembled a conventional wingtip fuel tank. The machine showed no evidence of a tail assembly.

Campione estimated that the distance this object traveled was about 8 miles. The estimated altitude was 3,000 feet. Campione said the UFO passed directly over the observer. Its estimated attitude was 3,000 feet and it made no noise.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Amalgamated Flying Saucer Club
Cinnaminson, N.J.

Department of Air Force
Office of Information
Project Blue Book (GAS-OITP)
Washington, D.C. 20330.

Gentlemen:

1-Kindly send me a "U.S. Air Force Technical Information" set of forms to fill out for a sighting of a U.F.O. in this area.

2-I would also appreciate the name and address of person or Base Reporting this case, containing a radar sighting, which I can call to ask for verification of local sighting, according to their daily log.

In this manner I can determine a true sighting from a hoax.

Also, I desire to pass on information or alert such base or any current sighting and coordinate activities from here to here.

Sincerely yours,

- page 3 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you can accurately. The information that you give will be carefully evaluated and may be of great assistance in determining the nature of these aerial phenomena.

1. When did you see the object? 3/12/62 Day, March, Year
2. Time of day: 2:25 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Edgerton, New Jersey
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 Minutes
6. a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? VISUAL AND A WATCH (ESTIMATE 2-3-4)
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the sun located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your back c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document containing a series of questions and answer choices related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

1963-12-9738225-Cinnaminson-NewJersey.pdf5.txt

3. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky  
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember  

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent  
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: Hazy bright

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a filled-out questionnaire with questions and answers about a UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? It so, how? Additional (close) of this -

15. Did the object move behind something or stay still, particularly a cloud? Circle One: Yes No Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: -

16. Did this object move in front of something or stay still, particularly a cloud? Circle One: Yes No Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: -

17. Tell in full the following things about the object:
a. Sound: no sound
b. Color: Hazy grayish color - it changed to a bright white color then it seemed to change to a blue-green color when it appeared to disappear.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Could a match stick or man's length of line with a known object and note how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? A match head covering 1/3 of the object would indicate an angular size of about 20 degrees. 

The observer made a drawing or sketch on the bottom of the page, but there is no photograph present.

- page 6 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which consists of various questions and answer fields.

Text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)  Yes  No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes  No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _______ft_______

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _______

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. At your home or business location?
b. At your place of employment?
c. Looking out of school building?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _______

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  c. East  e. South  g. West
b. Northeast  d. Southeast  f. Southwest  h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _______miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes  No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses  Yes  No  e. Binoculars  Yes  No
b. Sun glasses  Yes  No  f. Telescope  Yes  No
c. Windshield  Yes  No  g. Theodolite  Yes  No
d. Window glass  Yes  No  h. Other _______

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up to the sky, would give the same appearance as you observed. 

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It consists of a schematic drawing with various compass and skyline elements, along with instructions and questions related to the drawing. I will now proceed to extract the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the sketch to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the sketch to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

HAVE YOU EVER SEEN THIS, OR A SIMILAR OBJECT BEFORE? IF SO GIVE DATE OR DATES AND LOCATION.
M/jr-

WAS ANYONE ELSE WITH YOU AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT? (CIRCLE ONE) Yes No
31.1 IF YOU ANSWERED YES, DID THEY SEE THE OBJECT TOO? (CIRCLE ONE) Yes No
31.2 PLEASE LIST THEIR NAMES AND ADDRESSES:

PLEASE GIVE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF:
NAME: [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED] [REDACTED] Cinnaminson NJ
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED] AGE: 32 SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

WHEN AND TO WHOM DID YOU REPORT THAT YOU HAD SEEN THE OBJECT? 
(Day) (Month) (Year)

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire filled out by an individual.

The text from the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 5/21 Day Month 1963 Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

"Circular bright light first noticed over eastern horizon. As it approached, it appeared to be rotating and vibrating up and down, as well as pulsating. Bright enough to light up entire area. When directly overhead, it appeared to be about 12-15 feet in diameter. It then moved off toward the west, gradually disappearing. Estimated time of observation 2-3 minutes. No smoke, no sound, no exhaust was observed. Entire object appeared to be self-luminous. The witness, along with her husband and brother-in-law who were also present, were quite startled by the experience."

- page 10 -

This image contains a schematic or diagram of an unidentified flying object (UFO) or aircraft. The diagram depicts an oval-shaped object with two circular protrusions on either side. There are no photographs present in this document.

I will now act as an OCR system and output all the text found in the document:

UNKNOWN AERIAL OBJECT OBSERVED BY CIVILIAN WITNESSES AT CINNAMINSON, NEW JERSEY, ON 5 DECEMBER 1963

- page 11 -

