PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
20 July 1963

2. LOCATION
Fairborn, Ohio

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local GMT 20/1705Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTO
Yes

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
6 - 8 minutes

7. SOURCE
Military

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
SE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Shiny object observed during daylight. Object moved behind clouds, appeared solid, and was white without wings or protrusions. Sharply outlined in flight from West to South East. Gained in elevation from 70 deg to 80 or 90 deg. Observed while looking at bird on antenna.

11. COMMENTS
Balloons are launched from Sulphur Grove at Noon. Object was using wind. Case evaluated as a balloon.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 55)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [blank]
SIGNATURE: [blank]
DATE: Form was completed by the FTD July
Officer 20/7502 July 63 Capt Ellen K Tupper

"I see) Silly reporting this but I have never seen anything like it in my life & my wife & son saw it also at the same time." was the opening statement to me.
(Yel) Decker stated that he & his family were looking at a bird on their TV antenna when they spotted the object moving across the sky. When a cloud moved in front of it he called me (17202). After three minutes discussing he went back outside but was never able to spot it again.
We continued our phone conversation again at 17352 he has observed ECHO & movement of this object was about the same.

[Signed]
Capt USAF FTD B.D.


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
20     JULY     63
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day:    12     25
            (1705Z)    Hour    Minutes
            (Circle One)    A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
                b. Central
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
              b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted]    Fairborn    Ohio
Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or Country

Additional remarks:

5. How long was object in sight?    6-8    Minutes    Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
    a. Certain    c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                    NIGHT
a. Bright            a. Bright
b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):
a. In front of you    d. To your left
b. In back of you    e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD JUL 61 164    This form supersedes ATIC 164, Feb 60, which is obsolete.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One)   a. As a light   Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: CLOUDS   MOVED   BETWEEN   OBJECT   AND   OBSERVER

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: [blank]

14. Did the object appear:   (Circle One):   a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other:   NOT


- page 4 -

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: None
b. Color: White

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a semicircle/oval shape with a small circle on top, with an arrow indicating movement from West to East]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Blank section with "No" written]

Page 3


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
NW to SE (orbit) path from approx 70째 above Horiz to 80-90째 above Horiz

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
Nickle

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[No response written]

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
cloud moved in front & it

24. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe, in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Nickle


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Looking at a bird on T.V. antenna with wife & 16yr old son. All three observed the object

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest     i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest     i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North     NW     degrees.
b. From horizon     70     degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North     NW     degrees.
b. From horizon     30     degrees.


- page 7 -

32. In the following sketch, Imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

80-90째

70째

33. In the following larger sketch place on "A" the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? FTD July 63 car

20     July     63
Day    Month    Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Sun (pge 16)     Fairborn, Ohio

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
No idea


- page 9 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:
ADDRESS:                Fairborn    City    Ohio    State

TELEPHONE NUMBER:
Age:        Sex: M/F     Rank: Lt/Col   USAF

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:    20    July    63
                                            Day    Month    Year


- page 10 -

