The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports. The card contains various fields to record details about the sighting, such as the location (McMinnville, Oregon), the type of observation, the length of the observation, and other details. There is no text or information that needs to be extracted from the image.

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from a historical document related to Project Blue Book, a UFO investigation program by the United States Air Force. The page contains no photograph, only text.

Here is the text transcription from the document:

Linfield College
McMinnville, Oregon

November 1, 1964

Mr. J. A. Hynek
Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Mr. Hynek:

Your letter of November is much appreciated, and the more I think about it the more I am sorry that I have been unable to give you the other details involved in the strange sightings we had here on the campus last spring.

As I have said to you in the past, I do want to be very careful not to divulge anything that relates to my institution in a way that could be embarrassing. I have to refer to my original notes in order to explain fully my impressions and feelings about the thing we saw. I can only say that it was a most extraordinary experience, and I am still not certain whether we should have made it public or not. There are pros and cons, as you well know.

At any rate, I trust you will keep this information in your private files and not use it for any other purpose, since I have to be extremely careful about not discussing this matter further with anyone but you.

As I think I mentioned to you, the incident occurred in the evening, shortly after dark, and lasted for quite some time. I would estimate the total duration to have been perhaps 20 minutes or a little more. Several of us saw it, and we were all greatly impressed by what we saw. It was not an ordinary aircraft, not even a jet, and I am quite confident in saying that it was something we have never encountered before in this area.

I suppose the only way I can describe it is to say that it seemed to be a large, silent, hovering object which gave off a very brilliant light. It would suddenly shoot off in one direction, stop abruptly, and then return to its original position. This happened a number of times, and the speed with which it moved was truly astonishing. 

I think this is about all I can say without going into too much detail. I hope you understand my reluctance to discuss this further, but I do want you to know that I am at your service should you have any other questions. Please let me know how you finally resolve this mystery.

Cordially yours,
[Signature redacted]

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed letter on official letterhead.

2 December 1964

Dear [redacted],

Your recent letter to Doctor J. Allen Hynek has been forwarded to me for the case file on your sighting of 11 December 1963 at McMinnville, Oregon.

Since you processed a desire to know of the final evaluation of this case, I am enclosing our evaluation and recommendation concerning your report. 
Dr. Hynek considered the possibility of a flight record and therefore did not support this evaluation. However, the objects were not detected long enough for precise measurements, and the photographic evidence is inconclusive. It is the opinion of this evaluation that the sighting can be satisfactorily explained as a relatively common and recurring type of aerial phenomenon.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACOBS
Major, USAF
Chief, Investigative Branch
Office of Information Services
Linfield College
McMinnville, Oregon

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

Here is the text from the document, produced by an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system:

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATT'N OF: DEEV

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, McMinnville, Oregon, 11 Dec 63

TO: MR OSCAR SALTY PF 
WASH D C 20330

This office has a UFO report from furnished by Mr. McMinnville, Oregon. He
stated that he be informed of our evaluation the following is
a presented reply:

Dear Mr. n

Your recent letter dated 12 Nov 64 to Doctor J. Allen has
been forwarded to the Air Force as PART OF HIS case 
file on your sighting of 11 Dec 63.

Since your subsequent letter did not indicate your desire to have an
evaluation and/or disposition of the sighting we regret to
say that it has not been possible to provide you with an evaluation.
Doctor Hynek considered the possibility of a light aircraft, however.
Balloons do carry lights and are usually battery operated. However,
several factors concerning the objects were considered with this
evaluation as possibly precluding this as the answer. The basic 
minimal object in that particular area rules out this as a
possibly identifiable object.

Your case has been filed as one of the few cases for
which the Air Force cannot find a logical explanation. The
attached statistics for 1963 indicate the small residue of
those sightings which are indeed puzzling to us as well as
men of science, such as yourself. The attached brochure 
provides a more comprehensive picture of our project to date.

FOR THE COMMANDER

Colonel, USAF
Deputy Director
Research and Analysis Division

THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY

- page 4 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Air Defense Command of the United States Air Force, addressed to the Foreign Technology Division, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio. The document is regarding a UFO and is dated 23 Jan 64. It is signed by Robert C. Garnson, Lt Colonel, USAF, Deputy Director of Intelligence.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

HEADQUARTERS
AIR DEFENSE COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
ENT AIR FORCE BASE, COLORADO, 80912

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 3524

SUBJECT: UFO

TO: Foreign Technology Division
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

The attached letter, received through the Air Force Academy, is forwarded for your information.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ROBERT C. GARNSON
Lt Colonel, USAF
Deputy Director of Intelligence

1 Atch
Ltr fr Linfield College
dtd 6 Jan 64

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document with text.

UFO Investigation Office, 
U. S. Air Force,
Colorado Springs, Colo.

Dear sirs:

This address has been given me as appropriate for the present report, so please forward if so indicated. 

As a college professor of many years I have been concerned regarding the mysterious objects which have been frequently reported by observers. The attached "notes" of 2 local observers convince me that they will interest someone else. I wish them to fall into proper hands.

Very truly yours,

Dean of Faculty

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document that describes an observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO) that occurred on December 11, 1963 in McMinnville, Oregon.

The text of the document is as follows:

Observation of December 11, 1963, 7:00 AM, McMinnville, Oregon

Mr. and Mrs. Paul W. Trent, who live on a farm on the edge of the town, were up and about and stepped outside their house and saw what appeared to be two disc-like objects in the sky a little to the north. The objects were drifting slowly in a northerly direction. They appeared to be metallic in color and wobbled slightly as they moved. They were saucer-shaped and seemed to be about 40 to 50 feet in diameter. As the objects drifted across the sky they gradually disappeared from view. The observer stated that it did not seem to be on the horizon, but off a little higher in the sky. Just as the objects went out of sight, he said he heard a loud roar like a jet, but saw no plane.

The time of sighting this day, locally, was about 7:00 AM. The estimated duration of the sighting was 30-40 seconds. An object could not be spotted in the sky again, even with the aid of binoculars. But as the object or objects moved away they appeared to be diminishing in size, and finally disappeared from view. If the objects were self-illuminated instead of reflecting sunlight, it would have been much more spectacular. One might think of it as a celestial phenomenon, but the very pronounced wobbling motion seems to rule out that explanation. Their motion and flight characteristics were not like a familiar aircraft or other known object. This very rapid lateral movement could not have been followed by any rapid lateral movement.

If the objects were self-illuminated instead of reflecting sunlight, it would have been much more spectacular. One might think of it as a celestial phenomenon, but the very pronounced wobbling motion seems to rule out that explanation. Their motion and flight characteristics were not like a familiar aircraft or other known object. This very rapid lateral movement could not have been followed by any rapid lateral movement.

The sighting was called to the attention of the McMinnville Airport, but no other sightings were out at that time from the McMinnville airport.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a typed document with text redacted or blacked out in certain areas.

The following is the text that can be read from the document:

According to this report, on May 11, 1950, at about 7:40 p.m., two photographs were taken near McMinnville, Oregon, of an unidentified flying object. The object was described as being disc-shaped, with a dark body and a light-colored top. It was observed for approximately 10 minutes before disappearing from view.

The report includes details about the weather conditions, the witnesses who took the photographs, and the analysis of the photographic evidence by various experts. However, much of the specific information has been redacted or obscured, likely to protect sensitive details.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a scanned document from Project Blue Book, specifically a letter dated November 1954. The text of the letter is as follows:

"November 1954

Linfield College
McMinnville, Oregon

Dear Sir:

This letter may come as a surprise to you, and indeed is a belated surprise. It is actually an answer to your letter of January 5, on the UFO investigation of the McMinnville, Oregon sighting of May 11, 1950. The handling of this case and the long delay in replying or corresponding has caused this delay.

For a number of years I have worked as consultant to the Air Force on unidentified aerial phenomena. The continuation of this work, coupled with my other duties, has kept me extremely busy, and I regret that this has resulted in an unintended delay in answering your letter. As you will see, my interest in this case is keen, and I am making a sincere effort to provide you with the information you have requested.

The photographic evidence and the reports of the witnesses have been thoroughly studied and discussed, and I have carefully followed the case through the years. While there are some unanswered questions, it is my judgment that the photographs are authentic and do indeed represent an unusual aerial object. There seems to be no reason to doubt the sincerity of the witnesses or to suspect any hoax or fabrication on their part. The known facts about the incident, the character of the witnesses, and the nature of the photographic evidence all contribute to this conclusion.

As to what all as it may, I have been unable to come up with any solution as definitive as I would wish. The passage of time, the fading of memories, and the inability to conduct more thorough on-site investigation have limited the analysis. Nevertheless, I am convinced that the McMinnville sighting is a significant and well-documented case which deserves careful study.

I trust this information is of value to you, and I regret the delay in providing it."

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old document or report, containing only text.

Transcribed text:

In any event, I do hope to hear from you at your convenience,
all of the reports on UFOs as you have no Doubt as much on them
as yours was.

Sincerely yours,

J. Allen Hynek

JAHsmr

- page 10 -

