PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 31 Oct 1963

2. LOCATION: Jacksonville, Fla.

12. CONCLUSIONS:
[ ] Was Balloon
[ ] Probably Balloon
[X] Possibly Balloon
[ ] Was Aircraft
[ ] Probably Aircraft
[ ] Possibly Aircraft
[ ] Was Astronomical
[ ] Probably Astronomical
[ ] Possibly Astronomical
[ ] Other
[ ] Insufficient Data for Evaluation
[ ] Unknown

3. DATE-TIME GROUP:
Local
GMT: 21/18:52

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION:
[X] Ground-Visual [ ] Ground-Radar
[ ] Air-Visual [ ] Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS:
[ ] Yes
[X] No

6. SOURCE:
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION:
1 minute

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS:
1

9. COURSE:
S

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Glowing object, white silvery with glow surrounding object. Observed at 75 deg elevation in South. Straight flight to 45 deg elev still in South. Duration one min or less.

11. COMMENTS:
Believed to be a/c by reporting officer. Concur with this analysis.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)

- page 1 -

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW                21 Oct 63
Jan-Feb 66                                Argentina

The affair happened on a very isolated farm luminous on the line, and what seemed to be a
situated 3 km. from the town of Trancas and about number of men moving to and fro around it.
28 km. north of the Provincial Capital of Tucuman. The possibility of workmen being engaged in
There were nine people in the house, the seventy- maintenance of the permanent way at that time of
two-year-old Señor Antonio Moreno, his wife aged night was out of the question, so naturally the
sixty-eight, four of their adult daughters, three Moreno family decided that an accident must
children of one of these daughters, and a fifteen- have occurred on the railway line. To make sure,
year-old boy. But it must be emphasised that one of the young women, Señora Julia Moreno de
the Moreno family are not peasants or ill-educated Coletti, aged twenty-one, went out into the garden
folk, but respected people in the Province, their to take a closer look, and there she saw exactly
son Dr. Moreno being a consultant to the municipal what the maidservant had seen, namely "some-
government of Tucuman.
  It was 9:30 p.m. on October 21, 1963, and the thing like a small train, intensely illuminated",
household were preparing to go to bed, when the and she could clearly see figures moving about
maidservant Doña Martin Guaman looked over near it.
  At this point there is some discrepancy in the
towards the tracks of the Beltran Railway Line, various reports. Some say that Señora Julia and
which passes at a distance of about 300 yards from her mother Doña Tereza Katina do Moreno both
the house. She had noticed something intensely set out walking across the garden towards the
luminous that seemed to establish that there were front gate, while others say that the daughter
at least five of the objects about 75 yards distant, alone did so. However, it was, however, turned
and measuring about 8-9 metres (25 feet) in diameter. back again to get a lantern, and on this trip some-
The brightly illuminated one ventured out further in the direction of the mystery,
interior of the machines could be seen, with a In the meantime they had scarcely decided-by
row of six portholes in their central part, and odd happen on the railway line, for it seemed as if
Señor Moreno added that if one used one could though one half of the luminous mass suddenly
see figures silhouetted at the portholes shot away from the rest. It flew, just skimming
  The two sizes near the house were only thirty or above the ground, for a distance of half a mile,
forty feet from the ground, and "appeared to be and could clearly be seen to consist of three
supported by a jet of gas." circular objects. No one of the accounts is quite
  The luminous beams continued to sweep the clear at this point. Presumably three of the six
house and garden. These consisted of one white craft had remained on the railway and the three
"tubular" beam from one machine, and one that had flown away came back again shortly
reddish-white "tubular" beam from the other, and afterwards.
the inside of the house was now like a furnace.   Meanwhile, as soon as the women had set up the
The Moreno family had particular emphasis on the lantern, and as though in response to it, one of the
fact that unlike ordinary light, these beams did machines on or above the railway track on once
not fan out, but kept their shape, "as though turned from white to violet, and was switched
solid". One of the accounts adds that the beams round so as to play upon the two women in the
gave off "a whistle gas, and sparks of 'a sort of garden. They immediately were overcome by i
howling noise' that accompanied the beam. suffocating heat, and prickling or tingling sensations
  After 45 minutes apart in their terrifying situa- in the body, and were obliged to run back into the
tion, the Morenos saw the UFO which was on the house.
railway track slip into the air and begin to move   The beam now turned from violet to red, and
away. At once the others began to follow suit. was playing steadily upon the house.
The beams off-sweeping lights were turned off and the   Inside, the terrified family proceeded to hide the
flotilla swept away over the house towards the children in different places in the house, and for
Sierra de Medina range, flying quite low. the next forty minutes they all covered there in.
  A surprised dog now began to howl fearfully, too. In brief, it looks as though Trancas affair
and kept it up for some time. was a defensive rather than an offensive or a man-
  In the garden, "a thick mist looking like smoke hunting operation.
and something like a sulphur" hung over trees and   But why this penchant for landing on our rail-
vegetation for some time, and a journalist who way tracks? There have already been quite a
came to the house next day reported that the ab- number of cases with this feature, and I hope that
normal smell and sulphureous smell were still quite come of our scientific friends are thinking about it.
noticeable in the room. One thing is evident: Trancas lies within the
  Next day, a police inspector was sent from SALTA-CORDOBA-BAHIA BLANCA Magnetic
Zone. [See map].
  Iron is one of the ferromagnetic elements. Is it
this that draws them to our railway lines?

- page 2 -

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66

28 Oct 63
Argentina

San Andrés (Province of Tucumán

According to the daily La Gaceta, of October 29,
a certain Señor Roberto Capdevilla was driving
home on the previous evening when, on National
Highway No. 9, he beheld a luminous red object
suspended above the side of the road. He estimated
that it was about 60 metres from the ground and
about 150 metres distant from his car, and he had
it under observation for about four minutes. He
described the object as looking "like half an
orange". It eventually disappeared slowly towards the south.

- page 3 -

Information only
Source: Source News, Vol 12, p. [illegible], March 1953                    Flagstaff, Arizona
                                                                           29 Oct and 27 Nov 1953


FLYING SAUCERS ON THE MOON: The following is quoted from an incomplete account that saucer researcher Guy J. Cyr, S.M., has circulated to SAUCER NEWS and a number of newspapers:

"On Oct. 29th and Nov. 27th, 1953, Dr. James C. Greemacre and at least four other astronomers at Flagstaff, Arizona, observed on or near the Moon 31 'spots', which turned out to be huge spaceships. After much consultation with the good friends and especially the Air Force, he finally published the breath-taking experience, a few details at a time.

"These 31 craft were gigantic, ranging in size from about 1,000 feet across to three miles. Yet, from the observers' words and statistics, it is obvious that at least some of these ships were moving while they were being watched. They were symmetrical and of various colors, which at times were brilliant. These circular, cylindrical, diamond-shaped and U-shaped 'spots' and two double-test-tube patterns, one of which lasted for one hour and fifty minutes.

"And that's not all! Between these 'spots' there were 'tiny dots.' The expression, of course, is very misleading, for these so-called 'dots' had to be at least 500 feet across since they were discernible. They were white, and they 'ran along' the larger ones which at times were ruby in color. Dr. Greemacre said that the display remained him of one of our own man-made devices; a set of electric lights going on and off according to an intelligently controlled rhythm. Yes, in spite of his well-known adamant former skepticism in regard to reports of changes on the lunar surface, he had enough honesty and courage to acknowledge that this spectacular show on the Moon remained his of a neon sign made up of red and white lights behaving each other' across it.

"But last May, Dr. Greemacre emphatically stated that these 'colors' were just clouds, clouds of any kind....."

- page 4 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: APRO BULLETIN JAN '64

The A.P.R.O. Bulletin is the official copyrighted publication of the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (A.P.R.O.), 3910 E. Desert Place, Tucson, Arizona, and is issued every other month to members only. The Aerial Phenomena Research Organization is a non-profit group dedicated to the eventual solution of the mystery of the unidentified objects which have been present in the skies for hundreds of years. Inquiries regarding membership may be made to the above address.

TUCSON, ARIZONA -- JANUARY, 1964

DISC SUBMERGED IN BRAZILIAN RIVER

(Continued from Page One)

eby. If the disc sank through the water and in turn the mud as the boiling up of water and then mud seem to indicate, it may have proceeded through the muddy river bed to solid rock underneath.

In order to daily assess the meaning of this incident which is pretty well established as having occurred, we must take into consideration of all the factors. Although some detectors were used and the Brazilian equivalent of the Civil Engineers attempted finding and salvaging the disc, reports do not indicate any success of any kind, on even the location of the disc.

"We must consider the possibility that the disc, after settling to the bottom, either proceeded through a tremendous opening or some sort away from its initial resting place and is now resting in the original spot. If so, it could be anywhere in that river. Why the disc indicates that it may have been manned and if so perhaps repairs could be utilized either water and escape from the river and mud accomplished during the night hours, at some

spot more isolated than where it originally sank.

UFOs of various types have been seen going into and coming out of the water so we must not assume that this particular disc is necessarily trapped even though it is a tempting assumption to make. Time will tell and it may be that the disc will be pulled out of the river eventually. It may be, too, that other UFOs have already come to the disc aid and have either destroyed or salvaged it.

The only similar incident we have located in AFRO files is the incident which took place off the coast of Venezuela on the 31st of December 1958. A swedish ship "called the harbor control at La Guaira saying that a strange, cone-shaped object was falling vertically into the sea, and that it was very brilliant and gave off strange glares." The time was 9:30 p.m., and the object was seen by the Captain and several of the crew. When the object hit the water an explosion was heard, then the sea where the object fell became brilliantly colored. After the colors subsided the sea became very disturbed with a "boiling motion," which continued for some time.

It is not known whether or not the object was in trouble in this incident but there is a similarity between the foregoing sighting and the disc which fell into the Paropava River.

On the 31st of October 1963, Pute de Souza, 6-year-old daughter of Eida de Souza who live near Iguape, Brazil, heard a strange and increasing roar and on looking to see where it came from, was terrified to observe a silvery object coming toward the river near her home. The object soared over her house, then above her, there's path near near the top and began to "write" and struggle in the air above the river. Often it fell into the Paropava River near the opposite shore.

Baba began to run to her home to tell her Mother, and met her Nothing coming out Mrs. de Pouza had also heard the roar and ran to investigate. Shortly Baul de Souza, Baba's uncle, came upon the scene. He, too, had heard the roar where he was working about 300 feet from the house. All three stood in amazement as they watched the water "boil up" in the spot where the disc had fallen. The water continued to surge up, followed by an eruption of muddy water and then mud.

On the opposite shore of the river fishermen including perhaps Toshio Hoshigawa had witnessed the event and it was form Ionishawa that investigators and reporters obtained sufficient description that led to the estimation of size of the object--about 25 feet in diameter. All described the disc as like polished aluminum and shaped like a "wash basin." The object appeared to be at about 20 feet altitude when it hit the tree. It was in level flight until that time and after it struck it began its gyrations which led to the conclusion of the witnesses that it was experiencing trouble of some sort.

During the ensuing weeks, divers of various sorts began to attempt a salvage operation. At first, divers using only face masks tried but failed, to be followed by scuba divers and eventually a professional deep sea diver with full diving suit and air compressor came to attempt to locate the disc. At last report, nothing had been found and all the divers complained of the hampering effect of the mud at the bottom of the river. The Paropava is 12 feet deep at the point where the disc sank and has a muddy bottom comprised of about 13 feet of mud and

(See Disc Submerged--Page 2)

- page 5 -

A BRAZILIAN MYSTERY

The following account is taken from the A.P.R.O. BULLETIN for January, 1954, published from 4145 E.Desert Place, Tucson, Arizona U.S.A. and is reprinted by permission. The FLYING SAUCER REVIEW's latest information is that because of the difficult conditions the search has had to be abandoned.

ON October 31, 1953, Rute de Souza, 8-year-old daughter of Edidia de Souza who live near Itapasr, Brazil, heard a strange and increasing roar and on, looking to see where it came from, was treated to observe a silvery object coming toward her from across the river near her house. The object soared over her head, then above her, struck a palm tree near the t-p and began to "writhe" and struggle in the air. Over the river. Then it fell into the Peropava River near the opposite shore.

She began to run to her house to tell her Mother, and after coming out. Mrs. de Souza began to run to the spot to investigate. Shorty Rauli de Souza, Rute's uncle, came upon the scene. He too, had heard the roar where he was working about 300 feet from the house. All three along in amazement as they watched the water "boil" in the spot where the disc had fallen. The water continued to surge up, followed by an eruption that lasted for some time.

On the opposite shore of the river fishermen in-dicates. Transose Tesare who had witnessed the event and it was from Joa(a)guara that investigation and reporters obtained sufficient description that led to the estimation of size of the object— about 95 feet in diameter. All described the disc as like a "wash basin". The object appeared to be at about 20 feet altitude when it hit the tree. It was in level flight until that time and after it struck it began to gravitate which led to the conclusion of the witnesses that it was experiencing trouble of some sort.

During the ensuing weeks, divers of various sorts began to attempt a salvage operation. At first, divers using only lance masks tried but failed, to be followed by Scuba divers and eventually a professional deep sea diver with full diving suit and air compressor came to attempt to locate the disc. At last report, nothing had been found and all the divers complained of the hampering effect of the

mud at the bottom of the river. The Peropava is 12 feet deep at the point where the disc sank and has a muddy bottom comprised of about 15 feet of mud and clay. If the disc sank through the water and in turn the mud as the boiling up of water and then mud seem to indicate, it may have proceeded through the muddy river bed to solid rock underneath.

In order to fully assess the meaning of this incident which is pretty well established as having occurred, we must take into consideration all the factors. Although nine detectors were used and the Brazilian equivalent of the Civil Engineers attempted finding and salvaging the disc, reports do not indicate any success of any kind, not even the location of the disc.

We must consider the possibility that the disc, after settling to the bottom, either proceeded through locomotion of some sort away from its initial resting place and is not now in the original spot. If so, it could be anywhere in that river. Also, we must consider that the disc may have drained and if so perhaps repairs could be affected under water and escape from the river and in turn be accomplished during the night hours, at some spot more isolated than where it originally sank.

UFOs of various types have been going into and coming out of the water so we must not assume that this particular disc is necessarily trapped even though it is a damaging assumption to make. Time will tell and it may be that the disc will be pulled out of the river eventually. It may be, too, that other UFOs have already come to the disc's aid and have either destroyed or salvaged it.

The only similar incident is the one which took place off the coast of Venezuela on December 13, 1956. A Swedish ship wired the harbour control at La Guaira saying that a strange, cone-shaped object was falling vertically into the sea, that it was

(continued on page 24)

7

- page 6 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

22 SEP 1963

Dear Mr. [redacted]

Attached is PTO Form 164 which is used for
reporting observations of unidentified flying objects
to the Air Force. In order for the Air Force to
evaluate these reports, this form should be completed
as fully as possible and returned to this office.

Sincerely,

[handwritten signature]
SARA HUNT
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
PTO Form 164

Mr. [redacted]
[redacted] Avenue
Orlando, Florida

- page 7 -

[handwritten: 2 Oct 18 1963]

[black redaction]

[handwritten: 1. Lt. S/Sgt. Rixse, Lawrenceville, Spife
SAFOI
2. Maj. [illegible]
Sac 29233
3. T/Sgt [illegible] February 31, 1963 at 2330
[illegible] Incident [illegible] to be a mitting
[illegible] watch and [illegible] at 1600 feet
at 1805 feet time dark. It reported UFO
in vicinity. Sighted this on [illegible]
[illegible] saw a [illegible] disc with a docket
[illegible] side from the United States Air Force
[illegible] said a FTD Form 164 a [illegible]
under mount Dam is to report a UFO.
[illegible] you advise me we out of [illegible] done
[illegible] I can report the UFO [illegible] to [illegible]
[illegible] [illegible]. Thank you.

Sincerely yours,

[black redaction]]

- page 8 -

(continued from Page 7)

very brilliant and gave off "strange glares". The disturbed with a "boiling motion", which con-
time was 9:39 p.m. and the object was seen by the tinued for some time.
Captain and several of the crew. When they heard It is not known whether or not the object was in
the noise an explosion was heard, then the sea trouble in this incident but there is a similarity
where the object had become intensely coloured. between the fore-going sighting and the disc which
After the colours subsided the sea became very fell into the Peropava River.

24

- page 9 -

43, 30FT-51 DEGREES BELOW; 59, 220FT-57 DEGREES BELOW;

59, 22QFT-58 DEGREES BELOW; 60, 220FT-63 DEGREES BELOW.

F. ANY OTHER UNUSUAL ACTIVITY OR CONDITIONS: NONE. I. INTER-

CEPTION OR IDENTIFICATION ACTION TAKEN: NONE. J. LOCATION,

APPROXIMATE ALTITUDE AND GENERAL DIRECTION: THE SIGHTING WAS IN


PAGE 3 RUCORHS1 UNCLAS

A HIGH DENSITY AIR TRAFFIC AREA. THE OBSERVER STATES THAT

THE OBJECT APPEARED TO FLY OVER THE ST JOHNS RIVER WHICH

BORDERS THE JACKSONVILLE NAS. JET AIRWAYS RUN NORTH AND SOUTH

APPROX 12 MILES EAST OF OBSERVATION POINT. HEAVY TRAFFIC FROM

IMESON AIRPORT AND CECIL NAS IS ORDINARY. K. COMMANDER, 579TH

RADAR SQUADRON, OPINION FORMED IS THAT THE SIGHTING WAS PROBABLY

A JET AIRCRAFT CLIMBING RAPIDLY ON A SOUTHERLY HEADING BECAUSE

THE OBJECT DID NOT SEEM TO BE TRAVELING VERY FAST AND IT "JUST

DISAPPEARED FROM SIGHT INTO THE SKY". L. EXISTENCE OF PHYSICAL

EVIDENCE: NONE.

ST


0502469210 11/19

PP BUFOR8 ___________

DG RUCOM11 91/2312Z

DTR

_____21292Z

FM 579 RADAR SQDN USNAS JAX FLA

TO RIMFELEY ADC ENT AFS COLO

[handwritten: Cotton J
25-EM(H)
3 V.M]

CSOSI/AFS MCDW LANGLEY FLD VA

[additional faint/illegible text at bottom]

- page 10 -

RUFAHO HQ USAF WASH DC

AMERAD SECAF WASH DC

UFO RUCOAM/ROADS GUNTER AFB ALA

AT

UNCLAS 570900 1223. HQ USAF ATTI: AFCIN. SECAF ATTN: SAFOI. SUBJECT:

UFO. THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION IS SUBMITTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH PARA-

GRAPH 14, AFR 200-2. A. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECTS: (1) OBLONG. (2)

WIDTH OF PALM OF HAND. (3) WHITE, SILVERY, SHINING, GLOW AROUND.

(4) ONE. (5) N/A (6) NONE (7) NONE (8) NONE (9) NONE. B. DE-

SCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECTS: (1)"JUST LOOKED OUT WINDOW".

(2) 75 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON-SOUTH (3) 45 DEGREES TO 50

DEGREES ABOVE-SOUTH (4) FLEW STRAIGHT (5) DISAPPEARED IN SKY.

(6) ONE MINUTE OR LESS. C. MANNER OF OBSERVATION: (1) GROUND

VISUAL (2) NONE USED (3) N/A. D. TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING:

PAGE 2 RUGAAM I UNCLAS

(1) 1315Z 31 OCTOBER 1953 (2) DAY. E. LOCATION OF OBSERVER:

5 MI NORTH OF JACKSONVILLE MAS. F. IDENTIFY INFORMATION ON

OBSERVER: (1) CIVILIAN-MRS [REDACTED] HARVARD AVE.,

JACKSONVILLE, FLA., AGE-30, OCCUPATION-HOUSEWIFE, RELIABILITY

SEEMED GOOD. (2) N/A. G. WEATHER AND WINDS ALOFT CONDITIONS

AT TIME AND PLACE OF SIGHTING: (1) CLEAR-NO CLOUDS. (2)

SURFACE-180 DEGREES AT 2 KNOTS; 6,000FT-342 DEGREES AT 10 KNOTS;

12,000FT-330 DEGREES AT 20 KNOTS; 15,000FT-325 DEGREES AT

25 KNOTS; 20,000FT-322 DEGREES AT 42KNOTS; 35,000FT-268 DE-

GREES AT 58KNOTS; 50,000FT-270 DEGREES AT 50 KNOTS; 80,000FT-

ESTIMATED 270 DEGREES AT 90 KNOTS. (3) CLEAR (4) 12 MILES

(5) NONE (6) NONE (7) 5,333FT-97 DEGREES; 12,000FT-34 DEGREES;

15,000FT-34 DEGREES BELOW; 20,000FT-15 DEGREES BELOW;

[illegible]FT-26 DEGREES BELOW; 30,[illegible]FT-40 DEGREES BELOW;

[illegible]FT-50 DEGREES [illegible] 40,000FT-54 DEGREES BELOW;

- page 11 -

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 65

Oct 63
Argentina

Andes
The Tucuman Clarin of October 23, 1963,
reported the highly mysterious affair of the three-
storeyed Hotel Termas, a summer-season resort in
the foothills of the Andes, which, so it seems, was
totally destroyed at 6.05 a.m. a few days previously.
Some rumours said it had been hit by an avalanche,
while others blamed a huge meteorite or aerolite.
All that is known is that residents of the neighbour-
ing town of Malargue were awakened by the
tremendous detonation. Workers at the nearby
Ethel Mine confirmed this, and added that the
explosion was accompanied by a vast bluish light
that lit up the whole sky over the area of the hotel.
CODONI tried to investigate, but the only
explanations that they could extract from the local
Gendarmerie Headquarters, and from the Malar-
gue Airport director, was that a meteorite had
fallen. (Malargue lies on the edge of the Andes at
approx. 35° 30' S., 69° 30' W., and lay at approxi-
mately 34' 50' S., 70° 00' W., not far from the
Cerro Overo Peak which is 13,700 feet high.)

- page 12 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SUBJECT: APRO BULLETIN JAN 64

2 October, 1963
Dover-Foxcroft, Maine

UFO Observed From Home

Mary C. Kimball of Dover-Foxcroft, Maine (APRO member) saw a bright star-like object while looking out a window of her home on the night of October 1, 1963. After the first few moments, the UFO moved from its original path in the sky toward her vantage point, passed over her house and out of view.

The UFO was of an undefined shape but was described as bright on the upper part and gray in color underneath. The witness felt that she had seen what possibly resembled windows. It made no noise during its passage, the time of which was about 11:00 p.m.

- page 13 -

NO CARS (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: APRO BULLETIN: JAN 64

Odd Shaped Object
Seen in Arkansas

Hunters and residents of Arkansas County, Ark. observed a strange-shaped UFO between 4:30 and 5:00 a.m. on October 1, 1963. As viewed from widely separated spots the object was described as shaped like a "question mark," "a cylinder with a shaft projecting downward" and a "boomerang."

Seeing conditions were good as the sky was cloudless. After appearing southeast of Dewitt, it hovered for several minutes and then sped away.

- page 14 -

NO CASE: Information Only                                    12 Oct 43 63
SOURCE: Flying Saucer Review                                  Monte Maiz, Argentina
        Nov-Dec 65


**Monte Maiz (Province of Córdoba)**

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW for January-February
1964 gave a brief outline of the case of an
old Argentine truck driver, Eugenio Douglas, who
had an alarming encounter with gigantic UFO
entities. Many more details of the affair have since
come to hand, and in view of the importance of this
case I am sure that readers will want to have
comprehensible record recorded here.

It was 3.30 a.m. on October 12, when Señor
Douglas was taking a load of coal along the road
between Frayle Muerto and Villa Verde, bound for
his home town of Vega in the Province of
Santa Fé. He had not just started, when, at 5 points about 3 km. beyond Monte Maiz,
as he climbed up a powered slope, he first
thought it might be some vehicle with full head-
lights, but soon perceived that there was only one
beam.

He saw fika burning and prickling sensation on
the face, as though from "fiery needles". An
intense nausea accompanied the approaching beam
of light, and it seemed that the insides of his
cerebral were burning. He rolled, and half fainting,
out of the truck, his lorry went into the ditch.
Climbing out a few moments later, dazed but
otherwise apparently unharmed, he saw that
the blinding light was an oval or round object
hovering over the road. It was impossible to estimate
of its size, but it seemed to be at least 30 ft. high.
The pouring rain hammered against his face and
extrement, but what soon followed he saw very clearly
indeed.

Suddenly another light, less blinding, appeared
at the side of the object. It was a door opening,
and from it there emerged three enormous beings
in human form, whom he described as "robots".
Their height was tremendous. He told the Police
later: "Perhaps four or five metres, or even
more."

Their clothing, of a nature and appearance
which he was unable to describe, seemed to be
"stuck to their bodies". On their heads were
showing letters, from which their short
antennae, "like those of a snail", (Douglas has no
recollection of the faces of the creatures, but feels
that they could not have been too different from
ours, for although he felt fear, he is emphatic that
he felt no revulsion whatever.)

Seeing him there beside his truck, the entities
shone a beam of red light at him. Or rather, as he

described it, it was not so much one beam of red
light as many red lights, of tremendous power,
which seemed to irradiate his skin as they struck
him. The beams were burning him, and in his
confusion and terror he drew his revolver and
fired three or four shots at them. Then led in panic
back down the road to Monte Maiz, still feeling
himself pursued by the burning red light.

When he had just left the burning and prickling
in his face and eyeballs while still in the truck, he
had also felt a terrible shock with his poncho, and as
he fled down the road he tried to wrap his
head as best he could in the garment. At
some distance, he looked back, and saw that the
creatures were going back into the machine. The
machine then took off, and proceeded to make a
series of dives at him on the road, and at each dive
he again felt the burning and prickling in his body.

At the very moment while this was happening, a
number of residents of Monte Maiz were taking
part in a vigil beside the body of a Señor Ribas
who had died that day. Suddenly they all noticed
that both the lights in the room and candles in the
room resembled were changing colour. At first
they became a bright red, changed then to green,
and finally, to a sickly, asphyxiating gas
which forced them to rush out of the house.

Arriving on the street outside, they observed
the strange spectacle of truck-driver Eugenio
Douglas running madly towards them, waving a
revolver in the air and with his head muffled up.

Out of breath and exhausted, he was uttering
piercing cries for help.

The house where the wake was in progress was
on the outskirts of Monte Maiz, and close by was
the first cluster of street lamps, marking the
beginning of the populated area, and the people
who had just rushed out of the house saw a vivid
display of lights in the sky, and saw the same changes
taking place in the street lamps, which turned red,
then green, and began to give off the same un-
breathable gas.

By now there were many people who were
witnessing all this. For example, there was a
family returning from a party. They too saw the
changes in the street lamps, and a few minutes later
they beheld the truck-driver who, with his face
covered with mud and holding his poncho, was
running wildly round and round one of the lamp
standards.

All these people, with the Ribas family, and autumn-
ious others who had participated in the wake, now
accompanied Douglas to the Police Station, where
he was questioned, documented and examined. The
witnesses also told what they had observed with
the street lamps and the sky. And the Police
realized that this story was entirely true because, at
the very time in question, a number of residents of

- page 15 -

NC CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: AFIC BULLETIN JAN 64

[handwritten: October, 1963]
[handwritten: Location, Argentina]

Robots Terrorize ✓
Truck Driver                          Robots . . . .
                                      (Continued from Page One)

As Enrique [illegible] drove his com-     object was reported to have landed yield-
panion truck toward the end of the     ed nothing but police said they expected
of the 18th of October, 1963, he also drove    nothing for the incident had taken place
a [illegible] Argentina on the night    during a rain storm which had continued
of [illegible]. On also drove    for some time after the event and there-
toward the most startling event of his     fore any marks would have been washed
life. Suddenly his truck was halted in     out.
brilliant white light and he felt an un-
comfortable prickling sensation, much     On the day after the Douglas encounter
like the feeling of muscles returning cir-     with the robots, several country people
culation after being "asleep." The light     who had been attending a burial in the
came from a disc-shaped object about 25     area where Douglas saw the beings, told
feet in diameter which hovered over the     police they had spotted a brilliantly lit
cab. The combination of the light and     disc-shaped object flying through the
the prickling sensation caused him to     sides the night before. The time coincid-
lose control of the vehicle and the truck     ed with the time of the Douglas en-
went into the ditch at the side of the     counter.
road.
                                      In the fall of 1962 an Argentina ranch
Douglas got out of his truck and by     woman was hospitalized for hysteria
that time the disc had landed on the     after seeing robot-like creatures near her
roadway and coming toward him were     ranch. The Douglas incident seems to cor-
three "indescribable beings" which     relate generally with that of the woman's
Douglas later referred to as "robots."     experience a year earlier.
Douglas, a revolver which he habitually
carried to ward off possible hijackers,
Douglas fired four shots point-blank at the
approaching beings, then turned and ran
toward Monte Maiz as fast as his feet
would take him. Then he turned around
and looked at the "beings" and saw that
they were going toward the object in the
road which took off and in the space of a
few seconds was pursuing him. Douglas
tried to keep close to trees, etc., for cover
but the disc managed three passes over
him and each time it passed over, he
felt the heat and prickling sensation
again. Then the disc left. He eventually
arrived at Monte Maiz where he reported
his experience to the police.

The police at Monte Maiz later told
the Agrega paper, "Accion" that Doug-
las was hysterical but in other respects
all right when he came rushing in to tell
his story. A physician who examined
Douglas said that he found unexplainable
marks or welts like burns on Douglas'
face which Douglas attributed to the
light from the disc.

Examination of the ground where the
(See Robots--Page 2)

- page 16 -

San Francisco City
Source: APRO Bulletin, November 1963

7 Oct., 1963
Trancas, Argentina

FAMILY BESEIGED BY DISCS

Beseiged . . .
(Continued from Page One) V

they could stay there, they were afraid
to leave because of the machines hover-
ing outside, so Senora de Moreno instruct-
ed all to be as quiet as possible.

After forty minutes of this discomfort
and fear, the witnesses, who had watched
the proceedings outside all the time, saw
the object at the railroad tracks elevate
and move away, followed by the discs
which surrounded the house. Just before
taking off, the light on the two closest
discs went out and they followed the
others off in the direction of the neigh-
boring farms. Where the two closest discs
had hovered there remained a misty
smoke-like deposit for several minutes.

Several hours later a reporter for
"Chism," a newspaper in Cordoba Prov-
ince, also providing information for
France Press Service, visited the de Mo-
renos. He later reported that the strong
sulphur smell was still apparent both
around and inside the de Moreno house
and the inside of the house was still defin-
itely hot when he arrived there.

Corroboration

Corroboration of the presence of the
discs in the area between 9:50 and 10:20
was furnished by Francisco Troupano,
who, not knowing of the Moreno in-
cident, had reported seeing a formation
of "squadron" of lighted disc-like shapes
moving through the sky at about 10:15
p.m. when the de Morenos said the discs
were leaving their area.

The presence of the heat and odor
tests the reports arrived, plus Troupano's testimony concerning the discs leav-
ing about the time that de Morenos
claimed they left, seem to indicate that
this incident is true, especially in view
of the good reputation for integrity and
honesty of the de Moreno family.

At 8:50 p.m. on the 21st of Oct., ...,
Senor Antonio de Moreno was at a
at his ranch near Trancas, Argentin..., by
a 18-year-old employee who told him
there had apparently been an accident on
the railroad tracks about a half mile dis-
tant as there was a lot of light and peo-
ple moving around at that location.

De Moreno, T.V. owner, and another person, [illegible],
Kalrus de Morena, 63, and they both
looked out the window. Over the railroad
track just a few feet in the air there hov-
ered an oval-shaped object which was
projecting light to the ground where de
de Morenen saw "people" walking to and
fro, apparently always in single file. Se-
nora de Moreno then spotted another
similar object very close to the house.
She could see a dome-shaped structure,
about 23 feet in diameter, as well as
windows or ports around the circumfer-
ence of the object. This object too was
just a few feet off the ground. The Se-
nora got a flashlight and shone it toward
the disc, whereupon it shot a bright-white
tubular beam of light at the house. Al-
though she stayed fairly calm through-
out the whole episode, Senora de Moreno,
not knowing the meaning of the incident,
rounded up the children in the ranch
house, with the help of her sister, and
hid them. Then the de Morenos began
a systematic check of all the windows
and shortly discovered that there were
five discs near the house—three stayed
about 210-225 feet distant, and two, in-
cluding the nearest one which she saw
first, were within only a few feet. One
shone the white tubular light at the
house, the other a reddish-violet tubular
light.

House Heated Up like Oven

Shortly after the lights struck the
house, the inside of the house began to
heat up until it was "like an oven." There
was a strong smell of sulphur in
the air. Although the heat became so
intense that the occupants didn't think

(See Beseiged—Page 5)

- page 17 -

