The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) observation.

The text in the document is as follows:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 25 MAY 1964 27/04/302
2. LOCATION: Pleasantville, Pennsylvania 
3. SOURCE: Civilian
10. CONCLUSION: UNIDENTIFIED
Case not resolved as conventional object or phenomena. Carried as UNIDENT PHEN.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Object was a brilliant white light in a dark field. This light was much brighter than the moon or basketball higher in the sky. Observation lasted about 2 minutes. Object seemed streaked with blue. It moved at a high rate of speed. Just out of sight in 1-2 seconds. Disappeared and reappeared again. Took after it for about 2 miles down the road. It was very low over a field and clearly defined. It looked like a very large mass of yellow-orange light and was standing still.
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NONE

FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing text.

UFOs OVER NW PA. CITY
NICAP INVESTIGATES

A few days later, we obtained a copy of "The Kane Republican" in Kane, Pa. The issue was of October 24.
It reported sightings in the Titusville, Pa. area. (Credit Louise Houston)

We wrote the Titusville Herald and received an answer from NICAP investigator William B. Weitzel, who was in the area making inquiries. He was following up on the reports and was able to send us the names of several witnesses.

Strange Light Seen At Titusville. Reported October 17, 1964.
Reports have been received of UFOs having been observed on the north side of Titusville last May in Pleasantville by two borough residents.
Rev. H. Curtis Shaw, pastor of The First Presbyterian Church in Pleasantville, reported seeing a "ball of fire" on May 26 or 27 at about 11 P.M.
The two men had been working on some equipment, when a large, bright white light, high enough to clear the street, appeared on a pole. Soon it seemed to disappear and reappear without a pole. 
The object reappeared - The object was approximately as bright as a lightning dash and lasted about four seconds, then disappeared, reappearing on the north side of the street, Mr. Shaw said.
Mr. Shaw followed the "ball," now decreased in intensity to about the same intensity as West Street lights. It seemed to bounce or jump across the street. Its color was yellowish at this time, it was reported.
The object then stayed suspended for a few minutes near White City Hill, where it seemed to bounce twice. The watchers shut off the flashlight beam, and the ball seemed to be stationed.
Suddenly a "shot" was at a fantastic speed, dwindling to a small pinpoint immediately.
The light is if it congregated was of sufficient intensity to put out a large amount of light, he said. Weather conditions at the time were clear, moon could be seen in the sky. The object was clearly defined, and did not seem to have a halo, it was reported.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be the cover page or a page from a Project Blue Book document related to a UFO report from Pleasantville, Pennsylvania in 1964.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB
OHIO 4544

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing handwritten text.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image:

I didn't talk about this for three months except with - - - -. Then this fall, - - - - - the local "Titusville Newspaper" said they had a picture of a UFO, when they were it and it looked like a cloud to me having no particular shape.

The reporter asked me why I had come in. I told him briefly what I had seen (a man from NICAP whom I had never heard of) who came over to the news office and talked with me a couple of hours and gave me a copy of "The Spacecraft Eyidence" .

Not long ago he called me and told me to get a copy of the latest "Flying Magazine" calling my attention to an article by Donald Keyhoe. I got the magazine and read it. When I finished it I would like to know if it is true that the Air Force has a policy of censorship concerning all UFO sightings, as Keyhoe asserted.

Much to all I should like know what you think these white and orange lights were that we saw. NICAP has not been of much help in explaining except to say that they are space ships from another planet. If this is possible I should like to know this also. I am sure that we saw no balloon, plane, or bird unless some type which we do not know of.

Sincerely yours,

P.S. One detail I neglected to mention. At no time did either of us hear any sound that could be connected with what we were watching.  
Also - I could not say for certain that there was a definite connection between the brilliant light I saw and the clear shifting sight that I watched. They may have been two or the same as we saw it going west ahead of the car and apparently it stopped in the field between Pleasantville and Titusville. We saw it standing still two times.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR Text Output:

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

PID (NEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
30 JANUARY 1964

First United Presbyterian Church
236 West Main Street
Pleasantville, Pennsylvania 16341

Dear Sir:

Your report of observations on the night of 6 May 63 is indeed interesting. From your letter it appears that the object observed by your members was similar to phenomena described by astronomers and other observers on the same night from the vicinity of Dennison Observatory at Allegheny College, Pennsylvania.

The attached brochure represents the Air Force's present position on UFO's. The U.S. Air Force, through its NICAP program, does not consider the evidence contained in this or similar cases as constituting proof of the existence of "flying saucers" as they are popularly believed to exist. NICAP has no connection with any other private or governmental agency which would indicate that unidentified flying objects exist as a threat to national security, which would indicate the existence of interplanetary space vehicles, or which would serve as a basis for public alarm about UFO's.

The Air Force has consistently maintained that there is no evidence which would indicate that unidentified flying objects pose a threat to the security of the United States, nor is there evidence that such objects represent technological developments or principles beyond the range of present-day scientific knowledge. The Air Force position remains that any objects observed, once identified from a technical standpoint, can be explained in terms of known or conventional phenomena.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr.
Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

1 Atch
Brochure

MAJOR J. ALLEN HYNEK
Dennison Observatory

- page 5 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

MEMORANDUM FOR DIRECTORATE OF LEGISLATIVE LIAISON, SAY-03 
ATTENTION: MAJOR WEART, SAY-11, TEAM E

SUBJECT: Congersionary Report on UFO - Pleasantville, Pa., 
13 November 1964, Report by Corpsman Albert W Johnson on UFO 
sighting

The text in the image appears to be a memorandum detailing a report on a UFO sighting in Pleasantville, Pennsylvania on November 13, 1964. The report was made by Corpsman Albert W Johnson. The memorandum is addressed to the Directorate of Legislative Liaison and requests attention from Major Weart, SAY-11, Team E.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document with text describing a telephone conversation about an observation of an unidentified flying object.

Report on telephone conversation with United Presbyterian Church, 
First Street, Pleasantville, Pennsylvania, phone 4-4531, regarding his observation of 26 May 64, phone call was made on 10 May 65.

GENERAL COMMENTS:
1. Object of phone call was to determine if possible, through the conversation, of general reliability and exciteability of observer and to attempt to bring out any inconsistancies and contradictions during the retelling of the story.
2. As stated in the original report the sighting was divided into three phases: Phase One - driving west on route 36-27 in fairly open country, when for three or four seconds they saw a very bright light, so bright, that they almost had to squint at it. He said he was sure it was close by because it was in front of trees that were on the other side of the field. The observer is a young man, who on 1 Jun 65 is being transferred to another parish. The light in the field suddenly went out.
Phase Two: Shortly after this, apparently just a matter of a minute or so, both men saw a clearly defined light but not so bright as the first light, somewhat higher in the sky, higher than the treetops, to their right, definitely circular outlines, but appeared as a reflective light, somewhat larger than the moon. If this was the original light it must have crossed the road. This second phase occurred about 1/2 mile West of the original sighting. During the second phase he got out of the car and saw the actual moon elsewhere in the sky. He stated the second phase lasted 12-15 seconds but agreed that since in this time he had to stop the car, get out, look around and get back into the car and look out the front window the time must have been longer. Here his story is inconsistant.

- page 7 -

There appears to be no photograph present in this image. The image contains only text that appears to be part of a report or document describing a sighting of an unidentified flying object.

TEXT FROM THE IMAGE:

He said it was very close to the car, so close that he had to look at a sharp angle upward through the windshield to see it, he had started up the car again and at this time object apparently took off at a high fantastic rate of speed. In any case he lost sight of it.

Phase Three: He took off West in the car attempting to trail the object. After proceeding two miles, during a part of which journey he was illegally on blocked road that was under repair, he saw the object again. Now it looked like a circle of stationary yellow orange light, he thinks it was about 500 yards away, again they got out and watched for about two minutes. They got into the car once again and proceeded towards the object along dirt road which circles the lo on which the light was either resting or hovering very low. Very shortly thereafter (with the light was hazy on exact times and durations) he said the light which now looked like a large setting sun, rose some 25 feet off the field. The he said it rose a little higher and traveled West, horizontally with incredible speed and disappeared within 5 seconds.

2. He said he could have gotten terrific movies of it had he had a camera because the light was so bright. There was no sound, however the light did not give the impression of being attached to anything "just a big ball of light". Shy was almost complete clear with very little wind.

3. [Redacted] said they had the feeling "they were observing something in another world".

4. MISCELLANEOUS COMMENTS RELATIVE TO SIGHTING: The light did not give off beams of light, rather seemed to glow, it went from a dead stop to phenomenal speed. The [Redacted] said "it seemed like the thing was looking at us". At one time he turned his headlights off because he was afraid of an attack. He said he felt frightened, got very frightened and for five weeks after this when he took the garbage out, she and looked at the pine trees he had a chilly, eerie feeling, more of expecting the thing to come back. It never did.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

5. The only other possible collaboration was a [redacted], who lives close by who said she saw a bright light in the sky but merely pulled down her [redacted] (A time sequence of scientific curiosity).

6. [Redacted] also indicated that when the light was closed to the car it was lower than the top of a telephone pole and seemed to be swooping down.

7. Unfortunately the [redacted] was unable to couch anything in scientific terms. He used vague descriptions and was not precise as to the motions of the light. He was precise about the roads used, and the distances his car traveled. It was clear from the conversation that he had been deeply moved by the experience. Also, he did not want any publicity since he thought that it would due his reputation any good. He didn't talk about his experience with anyone for several months but finally was inadvertently put in touch with a man from NICAP. This sighting is now, therefore, in the NICAP files.

9. I think it might be worthwhile for me to talk with [redacted] also.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document from the United States Congress, specifically a letter from Albert W. Johnson to a Major General P. M. Hollingsworth.

The text in the document is as follows:

Congress of the United States
House of Representatives
Washington, D.C. 20515

January 12, 1965

Major General P. M. Hollingston
Office of Legislative Liaison
Department of the Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Dear General Hollingston:

I am sending you a copy of a letter and a newspaper article sent to me by a constituent of Pleasantville, Pennsylvania.

Any information you may be able to give me so that I can reply to my constituent would be appreciated.

Sincerely yours,
ALBERT W. JOHNSON

bn

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing handwritten text.

The text on the page reads as follows:

5. The only other possible collaboration was a [REDACTED], who lives close by who said she saw a bright light in the sky but merely pulled down her shade. (A fine example of scientific curiosity)
6. [REDACTED] also indicated that when the light was closed to the car it was lower than the top of a telephone pole and seemed to be swooping down.
7. Unfortunately she was unable to couch anything in scientific terms. He used vague descriptions and was not precise as to the motions of the light. He was precise about the roads used and the distances his car traveled. It was clear from the conversation that he had been deeply moved by the experience. Also, that he didnot want any publicity since he isaware that it would due his reputation any good. He didn't talk about his experience with anyone for several months but finally was inadvertently put in touch with a man from NICAP. This sighting is now, therefore, in the NICAP files.
9. I think it might be worthwhile for me to talk with [REDACTED] also.

- page 11 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. The document appears to be a typed letter describing a reported UFO sighting.

The full text of the document is as follows:

January 9, 1965

The Hon. Albert W. Johnson
233 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515

Dear Mr. Johnson:

I was very happy you were elected and supported you in this area. Something happened to me in May along with another man (Frank God he went) - this is why I enclose the article you I was ever and still. 

Briefly the summary of what happened May 26, 1964 at about 11 p.m.

We were driving west on Route 30-27 towards Pleasantville when our car (a blue and white Pontiac) suddenly slowed down. We were passed on the right by an old Ford (southbound) car which quickly turned in front of us and stopped. It looked as if they had a flat tire, but it was apparently a lure to cause our car to stop as well. At that time a bright light came from the right side of our car from a circular object which hovered in the air and appeared to be 30 to 40 feet in diameter. This light was not as intense as our car's headlights. It seemed to be directed just to the right of us. It was not a reflection. Suddenly it went out.

I turned and looked out the front window and caught a glimpse of this yellow-orange colored object apparently taking off straight up at a good speed. As it shot up and out of sight, a bright blue and red colored flash like an explosion could be seen.

Route 27 was torn up and blocked off but I drove around the road block hoping to see it again. We did not. It was getting in the field between us and the Pleasantville hill and looked odd (not having the gaseous look it had when in action). It looked to be from 6 to 8 feet in diameter in the field but disappeared from view. Going back to our car, I saw nothing. I should like any information you have about UFO's. I was a complete skeptic until May 26. I also should like to know if the Air Force does investigative reports on such sightings. I enclose two questions that came to mind along with this article.

Sincerely yours,

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing only text.

Here is the text from the document:

What: When John Glenn was orbiting over explained? 2) Massive brilliance, disappearance and reappearance of rockets. I assure you this observed was considered a lapsed. If altitude had phenomenal speed of Yellow-orange lights. Man: Keyhoe emphasis is when phased, and rockets. I assure you this observed was considered a lapsed. If altitude had phenomenal speed of Yellow-orange lights. 

I do not believe this physical experiment. If this is some evidence of experiment, they are shocking citizens.

Thank you for your attention in this matter.

Kindest regards.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed report or letter from Project Bluebook, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

First United Presbyterian Church
Pleasantville, Pennsylvania 16344

December 30, 1964

Project Bluebook
Wright-Patterson AFB
Ohio

Dear Sir:

Last May 26 about 11:00 p.m. and we were driving west on Route 36-55-50. When we saw a large globe of brilliant white light on the field or just off it. Its intensity or brilliance was like that of a flash bulb so its size was difficult to estimate. Suddenly the light disappeared.

Proceeding slowly west we again saw a ball of silver-white light about the size of a dollar or basketball high in the sky (above the road and saw the moon high in the sky in back of us (east)). The round light above the treetops looked like a bright (reflected) in a mirror. We watched this light with the car headlights on and it lasted about 12-15 seconds then went out abruptly. This was about .5 or a mile from the initial bright light.

As I turned my head and looked out the front window I caught a glimpse of a yellow-orange gasseous bottom of a ball which seemed streaked with blue. It had to be low as it looked out the front window to proceed on the road. It was moving at a fantastic speed. I got out of sight west of us in 1-2 seconds (unless it went up).

Going back (about a quarter mile) to the spot of the initial sighting we found the section of the road (the junction of which was under repair and blocked off) we went to again hoping to see it again. It was very low over a field and clearly another light standing still. It was probably 550 yards from us. We got out of the car and watched it. It was to the right on the road on the field.

After watching for about two minutes I told (A thought we could get closer). About 100 yards the dirt road off to the left which circled the field. We got into the car and started for the road. Just as I began to turn off the main road (Route 27 W) the sphere ascended - perhaps 25 feet off the ground. I immediately stopped the car. (It looked like a large setting sun).

- page 14 -

