The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record form. 

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 6/21/64 - 2228  
2. LOCATION: Holt, Michigan
3. SOURCE: 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Approx. 11/2 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
7. COURSE: 
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Probable a meteor or satellite with apparent light on associated with previous sightings mentioned by observers.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Witness stated object appeared round, brightly lighted, and moved rapidly, passing behind trees. Based on description, this case has been classified as a probable meteor or satellite.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report. I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document.

The text in the document reads:

"... about due east. It seemed irregular in outline, almost elliptical, with a definite color that appeared brownish-orange. It was a steady light, not blinking or flickering. It moved in a straight line, maintaining a constant speed, and disappeared over the horizon going due east.

The object was sighted for about 1-1/2 to 2 minutes. It was estimated to be about 800 to 1000 feet in altitude. The object was sighted by 2 observers. No sound was heard. The object was first sighted due east about 15 to 20 degrees above the horizon and it disappeared over the horizon at about the same level. The object was about 5 to 10 degrees in size. The sky was clear at the time of the sighting.

The principal observer is a high school teacher in Michigan, and the other observer is a friend of the principal observer."

- page 2 -

The image contains no photograph. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

UFO SIGHTINGS, MICHIGAN AREA 22 Jul 54

STATION #1 
STATE POLICE HEADQUARTERS
LANSING, MICHIGAN

1. Reference telephone conversation between Msgt David Moody, Wright-Patterson AFB, and your organization concerning various unidentified flying object sightings in and surrounding Lansing, Michigan on 22 Jul 54. From the information presented it appears that aircraft similar to those flying night photographic missions during the Korean war are involved. The sightings occurred about 2300 feet with their landing lights on. The sightments includes a description "which makes a very loud noise" and could be heard at about 500 feet) with their landing lights on. The sightments includes a description "which makes a very loud noise" and could be heard at about 500 feet) with their landing lights on. The sightments includes a description "which makes a very loud noise" and could be heard at about 500 feet) with their landing lights on. The sightments includes a description "which makes a very loud noise" and could be heard at about 500 feet) with their landing lights on. The sightments includes a description "which makes a very loud noise" and could be heard at about 500 feet) with their landing lights on.

2. We are attaching about twenty copies of AF Form 164 as requested by your office. We would appreciate your forwarding any completed forms to:

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr
In BLUE (UFOB)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

3. Again, we are highly appreciative for the cooperation and courtesy which your office extended to him and will reserve from Northwestern University during their investigation of the May sightings in Lansing.

Sincerely,

[INSPECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR 
Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
[no signature]

I Atch 
Form 164's

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the identification of any unidentified object that you may have observed. The information that you will provide will be used in connection with any air intelligence unit investigation or other technical evaluation and will not be disclosed to any other government agencies, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is learned necessary, we may confirm any further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day: 7, Month: 12, Year: (blank)

2. Time of day: (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: (blank), City or Town: (blank), State & County: (blank)

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours: (blank), Minutes: (blank), Seconds: (blank)

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain, b. Fairly certain, c. Not very sure, d. Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes: (checked), No: (blank)

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Clear, b. Partly cloudy, c. Bright, d. Night, e. Hazy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you, b. To the back of you, c. To your right, d. To your left, e. Overhead, f. Don't remember

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a text-based form with questions and checkboxes related to a UFO sighting.

Transcribing the text from the form:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
9.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
9.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Few mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Like a light c. Transparent d. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply defined d. Don't remember e. Other _____________

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to speed up or slow down at any time? Yes No Don't know b. Apparently speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know c. Give off sparks? Yes No Don't know d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know f. Flash on and off? Yes No Don't know g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with text-based questions and response fields.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: 
b. Color:

18. Was the angular size, held a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch all details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially indicate scale and vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire or form with various questions about a reported UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes/No
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Yes/No
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (list of options)
23. Were you (Circle One): In the business section of a city? / In a residential section of a city? / In open countryside? / Near an airfield?
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (list of options)
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour
24.3 Did you step at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes/No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (list of options)
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 7 -

The image contains a diagram or sketch, but no photograph. The diagram appears to depict a UFO sighting, with instructions to draw the object's position and motion.

27. In the following sketch, imagine the object you saw in the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Please draw a "B" on the same curved line as where you saw the object when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "C" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document related to Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or datas and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME - Last Name, First Name, Middle Name
ADDRESS - Street, City, State
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE 
SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with text redacted for privacy reasons.

Appears that this is part of a Project Blue Book UFO report document. The text in the document reads:

Offers that to further investigation 
Mr. James G. Evans, Attny Bot 221 
Pontiac , Mich. Gardner, Graham 
323 - 517
332 - 7521
235

- page 10 -

