There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which contains a form with various fields filled out.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: About 6-7 MARCH 1964
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2100
5. PHOTOS: Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 minutes
2. LOCATION: Dayton, Ohio
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
9. COURSE: South
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Greyish white object disappearing behind clouds. Flight from north to south at 45 deg elevation. Speed estimated as fast. Witness 13 year old civilian in to 13.
11. COMMENTS: Probably u/c sighting, however the data presented is inconsistent and total degrees of arc through which object passed not included. Case carried as insufficient data for evaluation.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Was possibly Balloon

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? [REDACTED]
2. Time of day: 11:10 Hours Minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? [REDACTED]
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes _X_ No _____
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Over head f. Don't remember
FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 144, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or form that users would fill out to describe their observations of an unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many.
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember.

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds.
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember.

10. The object appeared: (Circle One) a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor.

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know.
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember.
e. Other ___________.

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know.
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know.
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know.
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know.
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know.
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know.
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know.

- page 3 -

Unfortunately, there does not appear to be any photograph or image included in this particular page of the UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image shows a page with various questions and response fields, but no visual representation of a UFO or other object.

Text extracted from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. 
If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color  

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that contains a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object. 

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One) Yes [x] No [ ]
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [No response]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes [ ] No [x]
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [No response]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other [No response]

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other [No response]

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes [x] No [ ]

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Eyeglasses Yes [ ] No [x]
b. Sun glasses Yes [ ] No [x] 
c. Windshield Yes [x] No [ ]
d. Window glass Yes [x] No [ ]
e. Binoculars Yes [ ] No [x] 
f. Telescope Yes [ ] No [x]
g. Theodolite Yes [x] No [ ]
h. Other [No response]

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a diagram and text. The diagram shows a sketch of the horizon, with angular measurements and a compass rose. The text asks the reader to imagine a scenario where an object is observed above the horizon, and to draw a picture showing the motion of the object or objects.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

90°
75°
60°
45°
30°
15°
0°

NW  N  NE

W                   E

SW   S  SE

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a filled-out form from Project Blue Book. 

Transcribed text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. 
NC

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) ( Yes ) No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) (Yes) No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
BROTHER

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME  - - - - - -  - - -    -  (Last Name)   (First Name)   (Middle Name)
ADDRESS - - - - - - -, Street, City, Zone, State
TELEPHONE NUMBER - - - - - -  AGE - 45  SEX - M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
WENT TO CLAIMED SAUCER PART

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day   Month   Year

- page 7 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document where the responder has provided handwritten information on the date they completed the questionnaire and additional information they feel is pertinent to their sighting that is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: [Handwritten: 8 Mar 64]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting: [Blank space provided for handwritten response]

- page 8 -

