PROJECT 10673 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
27 Jun 64

2. LOCATION
Cincinnati, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: CT/053 - 0730z, 0350

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☑ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air Visual □ Air/Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
☑ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not reported

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
NE, SE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Three observations of starlike objects moving across sky.

11. COMMENTS
Passage coincident with passage of ECM II.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
☑ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other: VOID
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 16 SEP 59)


- page 1 -

September 3, 1964

Dear [redacted]

Your recent letter to the Commander at Wright Patterson Air Force Base was referred to our Project Office for the evaluation of reports of unusual aerial phenomena.

The Project Office has determined that you observed the passage of ECHO II on the morning of June 27th. The times and directions are all compatible with the passage of this satellite.

Enclosed is a summary of information on Project Blue Book, the program for the investigation and evaluation of reports of unusual aerial phenomena. We think this becomes will be of interest to you.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Enclosure

Messrs. [redacted] and [redacted]
[redacted] Drive
Cincinnati 40, Ohio


- page 2 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:    TDBSN                                                                   6 August 1964

SUBJECT:    Request for UFO Information [redacted]

TO:         HQ USAF SAFOI PG (Maj Gaiser)
             Wash DC 20330

1.          Reference the attached letter from [redacted] and [redacted] requesting information on unidentified flying objects.

2.          The objects observed from Cincinnati on the morning of June 27, 1964 were determined to be Echo 14. This satellite passed over the area at 52 degrees elevation moving northeast at 0059 a.m. Eastern Standard Time. And at 0219 a.m. Eastern Standard Time it was over Cincinnati at 23 degrees elevation moving northeast. The initial impression that the object was moving to the north, northwest can be attributed to an illusion. This portion of the sighting was probably very brief. All other details, including the description of a bright star, are consistent with satellite observations.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of a Colonel, USAF]
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

1 Atch
a/s


- page 3 -

June 29, 1964

Commander
Wright - Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

We are two boys who have seen something, on early Saturday morning, June 27, that we think you might be interested in hearing about.

On Friday night we were lying in our sleeping bags in a farm field just adjacent to Cavedale Road in Forest Park, Ohio. We were holding a small conversation when at 12:35 A.M. Marle Achley (fifteen years old) noticed a light moving in the sky. It was the size of a bright star, and was moving SSE to NNW at about forty degrees from there we were lying. At that changed its course, going SW to NE, and disappeared over the tree tops. We ran to Marle's house and told people the Forest Park police, who contacted us as the another authority unknown to us.

This authority said that what we saw was probably a rocket launched by the government. We then explained the unusual pattern of flight to them, but he said this was caused by the air's humidity and told us not to worry. We


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(2)

took out of our telephone numbers and sent he
would contact us if he heard anything.

We returned to our sleeping bags and talked
about what had happened when at 2:30 A.M.
we saw another light, or the same one, moving
in the same direction and pattern, only higher in
the sky. Again we called the Forest Park police
and the dispatcher hurried outside to see, but
the object that changed its course again, going
SW to NE and disappeared over the horizon.

This time we loaded a camera and returned
to our camping area. We decided to stay awake
for the chance of a photograph. Then at 3:50 A.M.
the light appeared again, but it was moving in
the opposite direction. We telephoned the dispatcher
again, but by the time we had gone outside to
look, it had moved into the moon's bright halo,
which made it invisible and lessened the possibilities
of a good photograph.

We have not yet been contacted by the authority,
so we still are not sure what these lights were.
They were moving much too slowly for meteors,
too quickly for aircraft, and too irregularly for
satellites. But since we are not experts in
any of this field, we are not positive.

We will write this letter has interested you,


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

and are happy if we of any help to you. We
will to contact us, our names and addresses are
with below.

Yours Very Truly,

Cinti. 46, 6.

Cinti. 46, 8.

Cinti. 46, 8.

Note: Some text appears to be partially obscured or redacted with black lines, and the text is transcribed as accurately as possible based on what is visible.


- page 6 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Commanding
C. Light Bataan AFB, Ome

UFO Pilot Office

There is a postage stamp in the top right corner with a portrait on it, and a postmark stamp in the top center of the document. A portion of text at the top left is obscured by a black redaction bar.


- page 7 -

