PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
28 June 64 29/0200Z

2. LOCATION
Richmond, Missouri

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
A/C - Poss. - Unident. Data. PFR
Observation in 1964. Data too old to investigate. Copy sent to
Hq USAF. For opinion as to a possible cause. Letter and 30 minute

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

duration, Form 164 reports 3 minute duration. Object like a chl
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS LIGHT ONLY. Estimate motion. Duration

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 Minutes (3 Min. ?)

of 3 minutes constant with a/c observation
(Initial report ended to rule out a/c)
Report submitted over 1 year after sighting

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual (TX)

Object resembling a/c. Stopped suddenly. No sound. Remained
stationary for about half an hour. Disc shaped through telescope

7. COURSE
Stationary

Size of E-29. ALL of a sudden object went straight up out of
sight. Youth 14 yrs old. No wind, clouds in South.

8. PHOTOS
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)

Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)     Yes     No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
- North             e. South         g. West
b. Northeast        f. Southwest     h. Northwest
c. East             d. Southeast

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses         Yes   No     e. Binoculars       Yes   No
b. Sun glasses        Yes   No     f. Telescope        Yes   No
c. Windshield         Yes   No     g. Theodolite       Yes   No
d. Window glass       Yes   No     h. Other            Yes   No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "g" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
    Last Name           First Name           Middle Name

ADDRESS
    Street              City                Zone    State

TELEPHONE NUMBER                 AGE 25        SEX 

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    Day             Month           Year


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
    [Blank spaces for Day, Month, Year]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[The rest of the page appears to have some handwritten text, but it is too illegible to accurately transcribe.]

The page is labeled as "Page 7" in the top right corner.


- page 5 -

HQ (TESP)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
26 August 1965

Dr J Allen Hynek
Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Allen:

Reference the attached letter from _______ reporting an unidentified flying object. He states that the sighting was 25 Jun 1965. However, his letter was mailed on 1 Aug, 1965. The details presented does not lend to an apparent solution. It is requested that your opinion on this report be made.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

1 Atch
a/s


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Date appears to be 20 6. 1964 at 8:00, though partially obscured]

...I was looking at the town. Was telescopic looking at the town. Was shooting I saw a airplane o by.

So parties I follow planes with my telescope. So I follow it.

Then all or a sudden it rise air. At first I thought it was a helicopter, but there was no sound at all. As I looked through my telescope I noticed it was disc in shape. The size was about like a F-29.

At that time there was no wind at all, there was some clouds in the south. I watched the object for a half an hour. Then all I can say is when it went straight up and out of sight.

I was wondering if you could send me some U.F.O. stories that has happened in the past year, as I could...

[Note: Some words are partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the document]


- page 7 -

The text I can discern on this document is very limited and partially obscured:

"AFTER THE DAYS RETURN TO"

There is a postmarked circular stamp and a postage stamp, but the text on these is not clearly legible. Most of the document appears to be blacked out or heavily redacted with dark lines covering potential text.


- page 8 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

Dear [redacted]:

The current report on Project Blue Book, the Air Force project on unidentified Flying Objects, is attached as requested. This report contains information on the UFO program since its origin in 1948.

Sincerely,
SARA HUNT
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
Blue Book Report
[redacted]
Richmond, Missouri


- page 9 -

PID (DRW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
6 Oct 65

Richmond, Missouri

Dear [redacted]:

Reference your unidentified observation of 29 June 64. The information we received was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PID Form 154 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

[Signature]
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 10 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Date fields are blank]

2. Time of day: 8:00
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Richmond, Missouri
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
3 Minutes
a. Certain   b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?: [Handwritten, partially illegible]
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?: Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright            a. Bright
b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 11 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A Few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know

Page 2


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: ___________

16. Did the object move in front of something of any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ___________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: ___________
b. Color: ___________

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.


- page 13 -

