The image does not contain a photograph, only a document titled "PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD".

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 25 Apr 64
2. LOCATION: North Platte, Nebraska
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: night
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual / TX
5. PHOTOS: No
6. SOURCE: civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: not reported
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: two
9. COURSE: one, NE two SE
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Object traveling too fast to follow with the naked eye. Trailed with trailing lines. Moving rapidly across sky. Looked like meteor or comet. Some object assumed to reappear heading SE about 15 min later.
11. COMMENTS: Meteor observations.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Probably Meteor

- page 1 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

Dear sir,
I am twelve years old and I am studying a little. I am very interested in your work. I am writing to try to find out some information concerning the incident in New Mexico where the fatal man claimed to see a flying saucer. I would greatly appreciate it if you could tell me what you know about it, as I am very interested. Sincerely April 25, a friend and I were looking through my telescope. We spotted something going across the sky. Firstly, I tried to get the telescope on it but had trouble doing so as it was moving very rapidly. But after a while it seemed to slow down and I could get my telescope on it. It was a circular object and I would guess it was about fifteen minutes later when it came back across. When I first sighted it it was going east to west and when I saw it again it was traveling with east to west. The object appeared to be glowing with a bluish white light. Have you ever heard of anything like this? Is there something you could tell me about it? I would appreciate any information you could give me.

- page 2 -

The image appears to contain a handwritten letter on a document related to Project Blue Book, the US Air Force's study of unidentified flying objects. While there is no photograph in this particular image, the text indicates that some information or details related to a sighting were provided. 

The text of the document states:

I would also appreciate some information on any sighted it to u.f.o. available.

North Platte, Nebraska

U.S. Air Force department of U.F.O. pentagon,
Washington D.C.

- page 3 -

