The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a project record card from Project 10073, which seems to be a project related to UFO observations.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD 
1. DATE
4 March, 1964
2. LOCATION
Beavercreek, Ohio
12. CONCLUSIONS
D Was Balloon
D Possibly Balloon 
D Was Aircraft
X Was Astronomical
D Possibly Astronomical
D Insufficient Data
D Unknown
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 2100
GMT: 05/02/62
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
X Ground-Visual
D Air-Visual
D Air-Intercept Radar
5. PHOTOS
D Yes 
X No
6. SOURCE
Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 minutes
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one
9. COURSE
Stationary
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Stationary object in West at 30 deg elevation. Observation on previous nights. Object described as a solid light, just went out.
11. COMMENTS
Venus in reported position lower and setting at the sighting. Object viewed on previous nights. Case evaluated.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with questions related to the reporting of a UFO sighting.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific poll questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text in the document reads:

6 Mar 1964

Daytona, Ohio 45432

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Additional information is required for completion of your sighting. Please complete the enclosed form and return it to me as soon as possible.

Thank you for reporting this unknown object to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr.
Captain, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena
Branch

- page 3 -

The image contains a handwritten report about a UFO sighting that occurred in Beavercreek, Ohio on March 8, 1964. The report describes an object that was observed in the sky for about 45 minutes. The handwritten text appears to be an account of the sighting, but there is no photograph included in this particular page.

UFO
from Beavercreek at 2110, stating
he observed the same object he had
called in about the evening of
4th until approximately 2125
from 16th as all that was seen to

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as to certain details concerning any unidentified aerial phenomenon that you may have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give may be used for research purposes. Your name will not be included in any conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information only if it is deemed necessary, and you may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 8 April 1964
2. Time of day: 6:00 (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? R.D. 7
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Minutes 
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: b. Cloudy NIGHT: b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): b. In back of you e. Overhead
FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, that contains a questionnaire or form to be filled out by an observer of a UFO sighting.

8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. Few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember
9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Don't remember
10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. As a light, e. Don't remember
11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: b. Dimmer
12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember
13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES, NO, Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES, NO, Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES, NO, Don't know
d. Give off smoke? YES, NO, Don't know
e. Change brightness? YES, NO, Don't know
f. Change shape? YES, NO, Don't know 
g. Flash or flicker? YES, NO, Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? YES, NO, Don't know

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or survey form related to an observed UFO incident.

Transcription of the text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one: Yes / No / Don't Know. If you answered Yes, move behind.)

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one: Yes / No / Don't Know. If you answered Yes, in front of:)

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known sighting. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing the parts of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with multiple-choice and fill-in-the-blank questions related to the sighting of a UFO or unidentified object.

Text extracted from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ______________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ______________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ______________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of 
b. In the residential section of
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ______________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _______________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. theodolite Yes No
h. Other ______________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words, the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.

- page 8 -

The image appears to contain a diagram and instructions related to a UFO sighting report. 

The diagram shows a sketch of an object in the sky, with angular measurements and instructions to indicate how high the object was seen above the horizon when it was first observed.

There is also an instruction to "Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made." This suggests the image may have originally contained a hand-drawn sketch or diagram showing the path or motion of the observed UFO.

Additionally, there is an instruction to indicate how many objects were seen, if there was more than one, and to draw a picture showing their arrangement and the direction they were moving.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and output all the text found in the document:

In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.
90°
75°
60°
45°
30°
15°
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" on the path, a "B" or the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they moved.

- page 9 -

There does not appear to be any photograph contained within this image. The image shows a page from what looks like a Project Blue Book report form, with questions and space for responses.

Text extracted from the image:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. 1-4-64. 5:35 p.m. Beavercreek, Ohio

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: Don Mother & sister

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Initial 
ADDRESS Street City Zone
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 15 SEX FEMALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
Day Month Year
5 5 64

- page 10 -

