The image does not contain any photographs, only a Project 10073 Record Card filled out with various details about a UFO observation.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 27 Apr 64
3. SITE-TIME GROUP: Local 27/0915Z
5. PHOTOS: No
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: not reported
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
6. SOURCE: Civilian
9. COURSE: n/a

11. COMMENTS: Witness reported seeing a flying saucer. Took 14 shots at object with his .22, heard bullets hit old. Million investigated. Witness was drunk but no arrest could be made for discharging firearms because witness was on own property. Witness reported as unreliable and case judged to be a hoax.

12. CONCLUSIONS: Was Hoax

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Text Output:
THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN
MAY, 1964
Stuff J Continued from Page 1)
and news offices in the presence of the Lorenzens. and finally settled her doctors on the phone. Eventually the Lorenzens told the picture.
Sharon came home for lunch on that date. She then walked the V2 mile back to school with her 10-year-old sister Robin. Sharon saw a weird, egg-shaped object in the sky and called out to the others who lost interest and went back to their games. Sharon continued to watch, then went in to class. She watched it about 15 minutes after she went in.
That evening when the family came home, Sharon complained of pain in her eyes, and her parents called a Dr. and she was taken to Dr. John Hollabnrn with a sunburn ointment. The burns were only on her forehead where she had been and were not on other parts of body that were exposed.
When the L. s talked to the Doctor Dr. Hollaburn stated that the Stull's wrist watch would have expected a 5 hours of sun exposure test - but he could not support Mrs. Stull's claim about the accelerated sunburn.
Conversation with Lt. Jolly of the Albuquerque Police force indicated that
Sharon Stull, the Lorenzens report, also observed the object, denied it. including her sister Robin. William an hour or so later confirmed that Sharon had a red streak across her forehead where the Lorenzens say she had seen the object and that certain factors, some of which have been mentioned above, some of which have not as yet, make them doubt the validity of Sharon's statement. Other factors are that Mrs. Stull admitted she had called Zamora and asked him questions to be more interested in paraylizing her daughter's experience into a money-making proposition. As this happened to be the case when they had gotten involved with the Skulls, making a big plea for money for them in January when they arrived in Albuquerque from Los Angeles, absolutely no evidence or prospect of employment.
During the conversations with Mrs. Stull, consistently denied the one
TV announcer a "good friend," and the Doctor their "friend were told the Stull's were that the TV announcer had not seen since he got help for them in January, until the Burn or May telecast. He had never seen the Stulls until he was called in to take care of Sharon, as a result of the "burn" from the UFO.
One thing gleaned during the conversation with the Stulls was that the story tended to get more involved and "slicker" as the Lorenzens experience more interest in it with the details. Mrs. Stull did all the talking, except to occasionally say to Mr. Stull, "isn't that right, Richard?" (an unhealthy condition which the writers consider as affirmative answers which the Stull's had a difficult time questioning Robin - never did succeed there) and Sharon once reiterated that the Air Force had suggested they not talk too much about the case, and that their refusal was being too much of a "problem" to the Lorenzens.
After leaving Albuquerque, the Lorenzens revisited Soccoro to bring themselves up to date on details of more recent sightings there, they then drove home to Tucson where they learned some upsetting facts:
Mrs. Stull had called several women children for the name and address of the Doctor in California who was interested in her case, because, she said, "your folks forget to give it to us." The TV Station (which had done the taped interview with Zamora) and was currently doing a KIRO news release, stated that the Lorenzens had promised the Stull family would be moved to Los Angeles at the station's expense. This turned out not to be true by the Doctor, and Mr. Stull would not be given employment.
The whole thing was preposterous and the Lorenzens were hard put to understand the kind of people who would attempt to perpetrate such a fraud.
As was stated at the beginning of the case, the Lorenzens were burned by a UFO and the strange and unethical behavior of her parents indicates an attempt to capitalize to the extent of embroidering the facts and by attempted coercion. It may be this behavior which prompted Hynek to write the case off as a hoax, and the Air Force to label the case as a hoax. The parents of other children involved may have cautioned their children not to admit seeing the object in order to avoid being involved with the Stull family.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed text document from Project Blue Book, describing an incident that occurred on April 22, 1964, in Edgewood, New Mexico. The text discusses the details of the incident, which involved a young girl named Sharon Stull who reported seeing a UFO and experiencing strange physical effects. The document also mentions attempts to investigate the incident and contact Sharon's family doctor. Overall, the text appears to be a detailed report on the purported UFO sighting and the subsequent investigation.

The Stull Case

One incident which purportedly occurred on 22 April 1964, might have significance from the point of view of the nature of the propulsion of the UFO were it not for several factors involved including personalities. Newspapers in Santa Fe and Albuquerque carried stories about a 12-year-old girl, Sharon Stull, who had reported seeing and feeling some effects of a UFO from a school playground in Albuquerque on the above date. Mrs. Lorensen attempted to call the incident but found that the telephone number had been changed and was unlisted.

On 29 June Mrs. L. sent a wire to the Stull's asking that they make an appointment with her and Mr. Lorensen on a forthcoming weekend. She then ensued a series of calls initiated by Mrs. Stull and stating that (1) Sharon was showing adolescent development at age 10, (2) her growth did not match her weight and height, and (3) Her teeth didn't function properly and she was supplied with "artificial dentures". Among other things.

Attempts were made to speak to the family doctor, to no avail. Messages asking him to call brought no results. The Lorensens decided to make a trip to Albuquerque to get the facts and to clear up several details of other sightings before they left. The Lorensens called a newspaper in Albuquerque, posing as interested citizens, and obtained some information which seemed to corroborate the possible cause of the purported symptoms of Sharon Stull.

Sharon Stull, upon observation by the Lorensens, showed no indication of an accelerated growth or maturation unusual for a 10-year-old girl soon to be 11. She had a few pimples on her face which indicated the appearance of adolescent change, and her eyes looked irritated. Mrs. Stull made calls after calls to TV stations.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text describing a UFO incident.

YOUNGSTER APPARENTLY BURNED BY SAUCER

Albuquerque, New Mexico, April 26. - Shortly before 12:30 p.m., a 10-year-old Sandia Air Force Base Station girl described as somewhat smaller than an 8-year-old child in the southwestern sky, while on the grounds of the Leavell Elementary School. According to her story, the object hovered for awhile, then moved upward vertically, then downward, several times, and then, after 5 or 10 minutes, evidently disappeared. Miss Sharon Smith's right eye was red, but, refused to look at it for any length of time.

While in class after 2 p.m., Sharon noticed a burning sensation about her eye, and was taken to Bernalillo County-Indian Hospital. Her eyes were described as inflamed, and part of her face and nose were "puffy" and red. According to the doctor's diagnosis, she was suffering from membrane inflammation both eyes and first degree burns of the face and nose. The doctor also stated that her exposure to the sun did seem sufficient to have caused such an intense irritation.

The details time, we are informed that undergoes some remarkable physical and psychological changes. A complete report will appear in our next issues.

- page 4 -

This image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a typed document or report.

TRANSCRIPT OF TEXT:

One official said -I would say that the sighting in itself is somewhat difficult to explain, if true. I do not think it is a secret weapon. I think what we saw was something that is not known, and that is what I think about the whole thing. I can't explain it. I can't explain the phenomenon.
One officer said -I am convinced that what I saw was no secret weapon or any type of aerial vehicle known to me. As nearly as I can reconstruct, this thing appeared to be above 25,000 feet altitude, and was traveling at a phenomenal speed, somewhere around 1,800 mph. It changed direction almost instantly, which is quite amazing as no known craft can turn that sharp and maintain its speed. During the periods I observed it, it would accelerate then stop, then accelerate again and perform maneuvers which are completely foreign to my experience and knowledge of aerospace capability as of this date.
This appears to be an excerpt or summary from a Project Blue Book report regarding a UFO sighting.

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a blurred object or shape in the center of the frame against a plain background. There are no clear identifiable features or details in the image.

OUTPUT TEXT:
Inasmuch as no text is visible in the provided image, there is no text to output.

- page 6 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank or redacted page from a document, with two black rectangular shapes in the upper part of the frame and the rest of the page left blank.

Since the image does not contain a human face, I will proceed to extract the text found in the document, if any:

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a text document or report.

MAN EMPTIES TWO ROUNDS OF BULLETS AT UFO
Albuquerque, New Mexico, April 29 - Shortly after midnight, Don Adams, 20-year-old Air Force Sergeant, was driving towards the Kirtland Air Force Base. Adams saw what he described as a large, luminous object hovering over the highway about a mile ahead. As the object approached, Adams stopped his car, reached in the backseat, and took out his .38 caliber service revolver. When the object was about 50 yards away, Adams fired two shots at it. The object, according to Adams, appeared to be "solid and black" and about 30 feet in diameter. Adams claimed that he could see a "window" or "port hole" on the object. The object then shot straight up, out of sight. Investigators pronounced Adams "sober."

(continued)

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that describes a UFO incident.

OCR Text:

TWELVE SHOTS FIRED AT FLYING SAUCER: A news report dated April 23rd, just four days after the Socorro incident, tells of another astonishing occurrence in New Mexico. Don Adams of Edgewood, N.M., saw a glowing greenish-colored object about 25 feet long, hovering only 100 feet above the ground, as he was driving late on the night of the 27th. As he drove under the object, his car stalled. (This is just one more case of the strange "electromagnetic effects" magnetic on saucers - Editor.) Thereupon, the young man got out and fired six shots at the UFO, then reloaded and fired again. The first six bullets did not hit the saucer and were just lost in space. By that time the UFO was drifting silently northwards. Originally, it had been directly over his head. Once the saucer had left the vicinity, his car started again.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only written text. As requested, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce all the text found in the document:

SANTE FE REPORT 

The object said to have been observed Saturday evening near Edgewood in Sandoval County was described as "a flat, round, bright object" by witnesses.

They said it was seen traveling at a high rate of speed and was observed by several persons.

The object was first seen by the witnesses at about 7:30 p.m. It was described as being about 30 feet in diameter and about 10 feet thick. It was said to emit a bright light and to make a whirring sound.

The object was seen to hover and then take off at a high rate of speed, witnesses said.

The New Mexico State Police and the Air Force were notified, but no further investigation was made, since it was reported that the object had disappeared.

Several persons living in the Edgewood area, according to reports, witnessed the object.

According to the reports, the witnesses were engaged in a social activity outdoors when they first saw the object.

No further information was immediately available.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text-based reports and information.

REPORT
SUBJECT UFO Sightings
RECORDS AND FOLLOWUP INVESTIGATION
MANHATTAN
NEW MEXICO AREA
19 APR 64

RESUME OF SIGHTING AT EDGEWOOD, NEW MEXICO
On 19 Apr 64, INTELL OFFICER, OLCC, received call about 1400 hrs advising that two people were sighted near Edgewood, New Mexico flying objects in the sky. Told to go to site & investigate. Went to Edgewood & made following findings:
A Sgt, AAFB POLICE, stated he received calls that two civilian workers had seen four objects in the sky near Edgewood. Called local NM Police to investigate. When Sgt arrived at site, the objects were no longer visible.
Two civilians, JOHN SMITH & BILL JONES, reported seeing four round, white objects in the sky over Edgewood, NM about 1300 hrs. They said the objects appeared to be about 20 feet in diameter and were flying at an estimated altitude of 15,000 to 20,000 feet. The objects were observed for about 15 minutes, during which time they maneuvered sharply to the left and right and changed altitude rapidly. The objects then accelerated and disappeared from sight to the south.
A check was made with the FAA, ADC, and NORAD, but no known aircraft were reported in the area at the time. The report was passed to BLUE BOOK for further action.

- page 11 -

This image does not appear to contain any photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text that describes an incident where a 10-year-old girl was burned by strange rays while watching a UFO saucer flap in the New Mexico portion of the sky on April 28th. The text provides details about the girl, Sharon Stull, being one of five children of Mr. and Mrs. Max Stull who suffered eye, nose, and face burns while watching the UFO for 5-10 minutes. The text also mentions that Sharon was not facing the sun while watching the object, which was slightly smaller than an airplane and had no windows.

GIRL BURNED BY STRANGE RAYS WHILE WATCHING UFO: In another incident in the New Mexico portion of the incredible 1964 saucer flap, a 10-year-old received painful facial burns while watching a "strange egg-shaped thing" in the sky on the afternoon of April 28th. Sharon Stull, one of five children of Mr. and Mrs. Max Stull, suffered eye, nose and face burns during the five to ten minutes that she watched the UFO from the play yard of her school in Albuquerque. Sharon was not facing the sun while watching the object, which was slightly smaller than an airplane and without windows of any kind. Her mother as well as the doctor who examined the girl felt that she could not have received a normal sunburn during the few minutes she was outdoors. The doctor found membrane irritation.

- page 12 -

There is no visible photograph in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

Transcription of the text:

"Flare-up of both eyes and first-degree burns under the eyes and on the nose. 
Police interviewed the girl a [2d] month and had her draw the silvery object which she had seen in the sky. Several other children saw it too, at the same time, but did not mention it so long. 
The above incident caused an unprecedented warning to Albuquerque residents from their police chief, A. B. Martinez. The chief asked that all youngsters, - and everyone, for that matter, - stay away from mysterious objects. He gave no hint as to what he thinks UFOs really are, but stated that if they are sighted by Albuquerque residents, they should be treated with respect and caution until more information as to their identity is available."

- page 13 -

