PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
3 Apr xx 64

2. LOCATION
Monticello, Wisconsin

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local ___________
GMT 04/030OZ

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
[X] No

6. SOURCE
civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3-4 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
varied

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Obj with four wheels like small ferris-wheel
lights only visible. Four huge red lights with
other lights of white and green. No sound.
Obj observed near ground, then it took off in
canted altitude (?) with elevation and azimuth unknown. Hovered. Object and auto
approached each other on parallel course about 300 ft apart. Obj then veered ~w
and disappeared. Duration 3 - 4 minutes. Night sighting. Four witnesses. Reported
four days after sighting.

11. COMMENTS
[blank]

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
[X] Other: UNIDENTIFIED
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown


- page 1 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

IDEN/69216

Request for Weather Data                                   2 Nov 64

AEWTC/MAJ Mills

Request surface weather data for Monticello, Wisconsin on 2 Apr 64
and the wind data at all levels for Mt Vernon, Virginia on 18 May 64
be ordered from Asheville, North Carolina.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch


- page 2 -

Text from the document:

View as if
taken by
180° camera

Note: only lights seen, Structure and shading
shown only to clarify perspective.

• Red running light
• Red flasher light
○ White light
• Green Running light
• Tiny green lights "like Italian Christmas-tree lights"

Monticello

Very slow

Thought was
aircraft crashing

Stopped,
head lights off
window open

The document appears to be a hand-drawn diagram showing the movement and lights of an unidentified flying object, with various annotations describing its behavior and appearance.


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
3 April 1964

2. Time of day: 8 4.5 approx
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
(B) Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
(B) Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Monticello Wisconsin
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
10 Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
(d) Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright            a. Bright
b. Cloudy            (B) Cloudy - Very Dark

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
             b. In back of you      e. Overhead
             c. To your right        f. Don't remember

FORM
OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a lights
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
brighter than aircraft lights in the distance, but not as distant sighted probably equal in brightness

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other could see no outline
except a small metallic
area lighted by a greenish
white light shape suggested
by place seen at night

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
yes - it had remained stationary for some time and then began moving away at a slow speed but when we turned the car around and attempted to follow it, it gained speed and disappeared toward Monticello veering around the town itself.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: only telephone poles and wires.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: the opposite hill slope of the valley.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound = none, that could be heard above our idling engine
b. Color = only at lights; red, green + a greenish-white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much would the object have been covered by the match head?
Only a single light, a small fraction of the total area encompassed by the lights.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Handwritten notes on sketch]:
as it looked when closest
it moved at several
angles while we
watched it.

This light reflected from metal
plus some other lights
to possibly show
general shape shown
by the dotted lines.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? From dead stop gradually to speeds much greater than 60MPH, as it left, very fast

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? at closest approx 100 yds.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 40* miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other also open window

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
none - possibly a vertical take off aircraft, but without wings,
- a half tree with an exaggerated base


- page 7 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

arrows ↑ indicate the attitude of the craft

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ___________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

visually unconnected lights - but they obviously were connected as they remained in a consistent relationship to each other


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Never

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mrs. [redacted] Ave., Madison 5, Wis.
[redacted], Argyle, Wis.
Mrs. [redacted] Argyle, Wis.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Ave., Madison 5 Wisconsin
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
AGE 21 SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
[blank]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
4 April 1964
Day Month Year
[partially illegible text at bottom right]


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    5    MAY    '64
Got material till now we are ready study

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[The rest of the page is blank]

Page 7 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 10 -

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE - WEATHER BUREAU

STATION: Madison, Wis. (Truax Field)
DATE: APR 2 1964

The document is a Surface Weather Observations form with multiple rows of meteorological data, including columns for:
- Type
- Time
- Sky and ceiling
- Visibility
- Weather
- Sea level pressure
- Temperature
- Wind direction and speed
- Altitude
- Remarks and supplemental coded data

The form is filled out with various meteorological measurements and observations for different time periods throughout the day, with handwritten entries in various columns.

The top of the form includes the U.S. Department of Commerce - Weather Bureau header, and the station is listed as Madison, Wis. (Truax Field) with the date APR 2 1964.


- page 11 -

ARMED FORCES AIR INTELLIGENCE TRAINING CENTER
LOWRY TECHNICAL TRAINING CENTER (ATC)
LOWRY AFB, COLORADO 80230

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TS-IS

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)

TO: Air Force Systems Command (FTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. Attached you will find a letter regarding a UFO sighting. 
This letter was misdirected to our Center by the reporting agency. 
We are forwarding it per AFR 200-2 for your use.

2. Address all further inquiries to the originating agency:
Office of Information (CIO)
Hq 30th Air Division (SAE)
Truax Field, Wisconsin 53707

[Signature]
DAVID A. KRAMER
1/Lt, USAF
UFO Officer, ATIC


- page 12 -

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE, WEATHER BUREAU
SURFACE WEATHER OBSERVATIONS
STATION Monticello, Wis. (Twn. Total)                DATE APR 2   1964

[The rest of the document is a detailed weather observation log with various meteorological measurements including time, temperature, wind speed, cloud cover, and other atmospheric conditions. The bottom of the form includes a summary of the day's weather and some additional computational sections.]

Notes at bottom of form read: "BARS. TOUCHED: 1024, 1023, 2255"


- page 13 -

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
16 October 1964

Major Hector Quintanilla
Foreign Technology Division
Box 9461
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

RE: Monticello, Wisconsin Sighting of 3 April 1964 (incorrectly dated as 2 April on the record card)

On October 10, 1964, I interviewed Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] in Madison, Wisconsin, at their new address. I was accompanied by Mrs. Hynek and by William Powers and Jacques Vallee. The appointment for the interview was made by phone several days previously.

Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] were two of the four witnesses to an unusual sighting on the evening of April 3, 1964, just outside the town of Monticello, Wis. [redacted] is a graduate student in anthropology at the University of Wisconsin, has been a member of an anthropological expedition to India two years ago, and is about as knowledgeable and articulate a witness as I have interviewed in a long while. I would rate his reliability exceedingly high, judging not only from his professional background but in the manner in which he (and his wife) answered our questions. Frequently disagreeing between each other on minor points (number of lights, exact geometrical relationship of lights) as they reconstructed from memory an event which occurred several months ago. There was a total absence of hidebound positiveness about what they had seen, which I always take as a good sign. There was none of the attitude of "you-can't-tell-me-what-I've-seen." - know-what-I-saw, etc., etc., etc., but rather a calm consideration and evaluation of various possibilities.


- page 14 -

I conducted each of the interrogation, and I... [redacted] took independent notes and made drawings as they were along, to help in visualizing the situation. Summing up the sighting we have as follows:

Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] accompanied by her mother and Mrs. [redacted] young sister, age 12, were leaving Monticello heading westward to Court 'C' for the town of Argyle just about 9:00 P. M. The time was checked by the fact that the stores were just closing. The night was quite dark, and they did not think that the stars or moon were out (The moon was at least quarter).

When they were about one mile west of Monticello, they saw two red blinkers in about the 11:00-position. Their first reaction was that an accident had occurred and that these were police cars on a hill in the distance. Almost immediately, however, they recognized that the lights were too far above ground level to entertain this hypothesis, particularly as the source of the lights came closer and began to subtend an appreciable angle. Almost immediately, they gathered the impression that an airborne was about to crash and that they were sure or less on the direct line, even though the object was somewhat to their left. During this time they were observing through the windshield.

Both of them stated that they pulled down the visor off of the driver's to get a better look, stopped the car, and turned off the headlights. At no time did they leave the car although urged to do so by the mother. The twelve-year-old became very frightened and fell to the floor of the car in the rear, hiding as much as possible from the apparition. We were told that she experienced nightmares later that night.

As the object came closer, it apparently showed down to a hovering position right alongside of the car but about 150 yards (as near they could judge) to the left of the road. At this time there were four red lights, more or less at the vertices of a rectangle and one white light "in front" of the others. At the closest approach, they say the impression was that there was a host of minor lights, but the exact number could not be established.


- page 15 -

At the closest approach, the object was behind telephone poles and telephone wires and subtended at an angle of about thirty degrees. It was so large that although they viewed it mostly by looking under the telephone wires, some of the lights were nonetheless above the telephone wires. The arrangement of the lights, as we could best discern, were arranged as though they were on a "flying hatrack" or "halltree" although at no time were any of them able to see any body to the object or any superstructure. Only the fact that the lights maintained a geometrical relationship throughout the sighting led them to believe that the lights were indeed attached to a physical structure of some sort. A few times they gave the impression that the red lights did reflect dimly off a metallic surface.

The object then passed slightly to the rear at which time started the motor, turned on the headlights, and drove ahead to turn around. He turned into a farmer's driveway on the left of the road and after reversing his direction, found the light pattern growing smaller toward the east. He attempted to give chase to the object. There were no other cars on the road at the time. In either direction. The chase was quite fast although they up to fifty miles an hour, the object disappeared very quickly into the distance in the direction of Monticello. The total duration of sighting was somewhere between five and fifteen minutes, but they have no accurate recollection of the time. They did drive the car a considerable distance before stopping and turning around, and so I would say five minutes is about a minimum time for the total duration. They stated that the object gave indication of intelligent operation and that it "appeared interested in the car." At some time or other during the observation, they also noticed green lights.

All this would give the impression that a helicopter had approached them at close range and then come off slightly. We discussed this possibility.


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

with them in detail but were forced to reject this hypothesis on several
grounds. First, there was no sound whatever, even when the car had
stopped, and they were turning around. They had their radio on low,
(but no static or interference was heard), and they felt that the level
of the music was sufficiently low so that a powered craft would certainly
have been heard. A few weeks later, a television program made in England,
and apparently demonstrating new devices in English aircraft, exhibited
a device which had much the same trajectory as their object. The device
exhibited was apparently a vertical takeoff device which maneuvered in the
same swift gliding motions they observed. However, such devices produce
a great deal of noise. Secondly, the helicopter hypothesis fails because
of size, the subtended angle being, according to them, much too great to
have been a helicopter one hundred yards away. Thirdly, no landing lights
were used, and it seems inconceivable that a helicopter hovering so close to
ground that it could be seen, at least in part, from below telephone wires,
would have ventured so close to the ground without lights being on the ground.

There is one possibility that the lights they sighted were actually
much farther away than they thought and that the lights might have been
attached to several objects flying in formation. This is difficult to
reconcile with the rapid approach and the rapid departure. Still, we should
check whether Monticello is in a refueling mission path and whether there
was a refueling mission going on at the time. However, my understanding is that
refueling missions do not occur below twenty thousand feet, in which case the
subtended angles, angular speeds, etc. are completely out of line.

The observers are obviously intelligent people who would far prefer
except a rational terrestrial explanation to what they sighted but are unable to
find one. They are most anxious for us to tell them what it was.


- page 17 -

This was clearly not a hallucination since four people saw it and the first impressions were in rapid succession of patrol cars with blinking lights and then as the object got closer, of an airliner about to crash. There seems to be no doubt in their minds as to the very large angle subtended by the object. They indicated that had it come closer, it might just have been able to fit in between the successive telephone poles along the road.

Personally, I would like to entertain the helicopter hypothesis, but cannot unless the a) angular size is in error; b) the lack of noise is explained; and c) there is an explanation for the absence of landing lights. Still, we should check to see whether a helicopter mission was operating out of Truax Airbase that night.

We should also check the weather records. The witnesses' recollection is that the night was calm and that a lighted scientific balloon could not be the explanation. Scientific balloons, as I well know, if they ascend nearly to the ground, do not suddenly take off and rise rapidly.

Unfortunately, this sighting must remain in the unidentified category. In my opinion, unless drastically new information is received, it occurs to me that had this been a daytime sighting, we might have had something similar to the Socorro sighting except, of course, for the total absence of noise. It differs also, of course, in that there was no actual landing.

This case, therefore, joins the group of unidentifieds which seems to grow at a steady (and distressing) rate. I believe it would be profitable to revisit the scene, but this time with the mother and daughter, and go over the same ground in the daytime. Weather records for that night should certainly be obtained. It is especially important to know whether there was an overcast, and what the wind conditions were. In view of the excellence of


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

the witnesses, I find it impossible to dismiss this instance as a product of excited imaginations or as a desire for publicity, etc. Indeed, these witnesses had no intention of telling their story originally, the wife's father, I believe it is, is a Marine and felt it was their duty to report it.

On the way home, all of us agreed that no formal questionnaire can bring out the sense and detail of a sighting, or an adequate estimate of the reliability of the observers, that a personal interview can. But we also agreed that failing a personal interview, a request for a simple narrative statement from the witnesses, answering only a few specific questions would be preferable, at least in the first stages, to a questionnaire.

In short, to have the witness tell in his own words, guided by just a brief outline as to what the circumstances of the sighting were such as was it day or night; what was the duration of the sighting; and how many people were with the witness. We can get the names, telephone numbers, etc. later if the thing seems worthwhile. These people in Madison had filled out the questionnaire (which you should have in your hands now), but a questionnaire is a dead thing compared to the person's own narrative style.

It can't be an unguided narrative, but it must be a narrative answering just a few preselected questions. Besides, most people regard questionnaires as another government form, and they are somehow just a little afraid of it, to say nothing of shying away from overcoming the inertia of filling out such a report. If, on the other hand, they are asked to answer as simply as possible questions such as what did you see and what did it look like, writing it as if they were telling it to a neighbor, I think we would get an added dimension that somehow seems to be missing in questionnaire, and I think it certainly serves a purpose in many cases.

But I wonder if it wouldn't be better to precede it by a brief statement of the circumstances.


- page 19 -

We can talk about this next time I see you. Of course, there is nothing that takes the place of a personal interview, but these are expensive and time-consuming.

By the way, I think [redacted] diagram is a pretty good one. We put a lot of work into getting the details for it.

Cordially,
Allen

JA\krf


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

CHCGC                                                                7 April 1964
UFO

CHCGC                                  CHGOC
CHGVC                                  30 Air Div (30-CIOC)

1. At approximately 15:15 hours, 7 April 1964, I took a telephone report from a male individual who identified himself as Mr. [redacted] Argyle, Wisconsin. He further declared himself a Major, US Marine Corps, Retired. Mr. [redacted] sounded entirely sober, rational and calm. He stated that he simply felt that certain observations should be made known to some proper authority, that his wife and youngest daughter had dissuaded him from reporting until now out of their feelings that people will think we're crazy. Details follow.

2. Mr. [redacted], wife, young daughter (age 13), son-in-law (Mr. [redacted]) and married daughter (Mrs. [redacted]) were returning home from furniture shopping on Friday night, 3 April, at about 2000 hours and about one mile west of Monticello, Wisconsin they observed two red lights at some distance in the road and took them to be police cars at an incident scene. Curiosity led them to drive toward the lights. They then saw two red lights as four huge red lights along with other lights. At their closer approach all lights went out and an object took to the air. It was observed at 300 feet or less distance. It appeared to have no superstructure, was of four main sections connected together, had nothing to resemble wings, took off in a seated attitude rising sharply and disappeared. There was no sound accompanying its take-off.

3. Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] reside in Madison. Both are students at the University of Wisconsin. Address is [redacted] Avenue.

WARREN J. LANE
Lt Colonel, USAF
Executive Officer


- page 21 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
UNCLASSIFIED MESSAGE

INCOMING

AF IN : 41795 (9 Apr 64)     PG 1 of 3

ACTION: NIN-7
INFO : XOPX-4, XOP-1, SAFOS-3, DIA-15 (31)
        SMB D032

CHQE478ZCY JE689
RR RUEAHQ
DE RUCDAH 117 08/2301Z
ZNR
R 082230Z ZEX

FM HQ CHICAGO ADS TRUAX FLD WIS
TO RUWGALE/ADC ENT AFB COLO
RUCDSO/FTD WPAFB OHIO
RUEAHQ/OSAF WASH DC
RUEAHQ/CSAF WASH DC

BT

*UNCLAS CHODC 04005. OSAF FOR SAF01; CSAF FOR AFC1N;
30AIR DIV FOR 30-OIN. UFO SIGHTED 0300Z 3 APRIL 1964 BY
CIVILIAN REPORTED TO CHADS 2115Z 7 APRIL 1964. A. DES-
CRIPTION OF OBJECT:

(1) SHAPE: NO SUPERSTRUCTURE, FOUR (4) MAIN SECTIONS
CONNECTED TOGETHER. LOOKED LIKE TINKER TOYS.

(2) SIZE: SMALL FERRIS WHEEL.

(3) COLOR: UNKNOWN WITH EXCEPTION OF LIGHTS.

(4) NUMBER: ONE (1)

(5) FORMATION: NONE


- page 22 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
UNCLAS INCOMING

AF IN: 41795 (9 Apr 64)
PAGE 2 RUCDAH 117 UNCLAS

(6) DISCERNABLE FEATURES: FOUR (4) HUGE RED LIGHTS
ALONG WITH OTHER LIGHTS OF WHITE AND GREEN.

(7) NONE.

(8) THERE WAS NO SOUND ACCOMPANYING OBJECT.

B. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE.
(1) SAW RED LIGHTS OFF ROAD.
(2) FIRST OBSERVED NEAR GROUND.
(3) TOOK OFF IN A CANTED ALTITUDE, ELEVATION AND
AZIMUTH UNKNOWN.

(4) HOVERED ABOVE GROUND
(5) OBJECT AND AUTO APPROACHED EACH OTHER ON
PARALLEL COURSE AT APPROX 300 FT APART. OBJECT
VEERED AWAY FROM MONTICELLO AND DISAPPEARED.

(6) OBSERVATION TIME APPROX 3-4 MINUTES

C. MANNER OF OBSERVATION: VISUAL (GROUND)

D. TIME & DATE OF SIGHTING:
(1) 03/0300Z APR 64.
(2) LIGHT CONDITION: NIGHT.

E. LOCATION OF OBSERVERS: ONE (1) MILE WEST OF
MONTICELLO, WISCONSIN.


- page 23 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
UNCLASSIFIED MESSAGE

AF IN: 41795 (9 Apr 64)
PAGE 3 RUCDAH 117 UNCLAS INCOMING                                   Pg 3 of 3

F. IDENTIFYING INFORMATION:
(1) MR. & MRS.
AVE., MADISON, WISCONSIN
RELIABILITY: GOOD.

(2) MR. & YOUNG DAUGHTER
ARGYLE, WISCONSIN
RELIABILITY: GOOD.

G. PREPARING OFFICER:
1ST LT CHARLES R. PIVER, 70531A
STAFF INTELLIGENCE OFFICER
CHICAGO AIR DEFENSE SECTOR

THE REPORT WAS RECEIVED FOUR DAYS AFTER SIGHTING.
SOURCES SEEM RELIABLE BUT NO INFORMATION AT THIS
HEADQUARTERS CAN CONFIRM. NO EXPLANATION OF
SIGHTING CAN BE MADE.

BT


- page 24 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

30 April 1964

Mr
Argyle, Wisconsin
Dear

Additional information is essential for evaluation of your sighting. Would you please complete the enclosed form and return it to Hq FTD (TDES), in the envelope provided.

Thank you for reporting this unknown object to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr
Captain, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena
Branch


- page 25 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

30 April 1964

[Redacted Address]
Madison, Wisconsin

Dear Mr [Redacted]:

Additional information is essential for evaluation of your sighting. Would you please complete the enclosed form and return it to Hq FTD (TDEN), in the envelope provided.

Thank you for reporting this unknown object to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr.
Captain, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena
Branch


- page 26 -

