The image does not contain a photograph, only a typewritten record card from Project 10073 regarding a UFO sighting in Newtown, Ohio on January 27, 1964.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 27 Jan 64
2. LOCATION: Newtown, Ohio
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: 1115Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 
   a. Ground-Visual
   b. Ground-Radar
5. PHOTOS: 0 Y / N
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2-3 seconds
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Looked like a bright Roman candle, that fizzled. Appeared to fall beyond horizon, turned Greenish blue color. Also indicated this object observed on other sides of Cincinnati.

Transcription of text in document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 27 Jan 64
2. LOCATION: Newtown, Ohio  
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: 1115Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION:
   a. Ground-Visual 
   b. Ground-Radar
5. PHOTOS: 0 Y / N
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2-3 seconds
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Looked like a bright Roman candle, that fizzled. Appeared to fall beyond horizon, turned Greenish blue color. Also indicated this object observed on other sides of Cincinnati.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, it moved behind: _____________
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, it moved in front of: _____________
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound NOISE LIKE A METAL OBJECT HITTING ANOTHER METAL OBJECT
b. Color GREEN GRAY
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick arm's length in line with the known size of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch the shape that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially without trail or place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to a UFO sighting.

TEXT CONTENT:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES - 110

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES - No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In a residential section of a city
c. In open country-side
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words, the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as that which you observed.

- page 3 -

The image contains a sketch illustrating the path and motion of a UFO or unidentified object. The sketch includes directional arrows and a compass rose. There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an x on the curve where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Indicate how the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the start of the path, a "B" or the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and an arrow to show the direction they moved.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from the Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or details and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes / No 
31.1 If so, who was with you? (Give name and address): NEIL TAVISTOCK, 9410 - MAIN STREET, NEWTOWN, OHIO. 

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself: 
NAME: NEIL TAVISTOCK
ADDRESS: 9410 MAIN STREET, NEWTOWN, OHIO 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 52 SEX: M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which may be relevant to this report: NOTHING THAT I KNOW OF TO THIS.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? SEPT 1, 1964

- page 5 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically document number 1964-01-9739028 from Newtown, Ohio.

The text in the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: _2_5_ _3_ _6_4_
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points questioned or a narrative explanation of your sighting: 
I saw a bright light over to the wets, quite high up, like a st eak of light, moving quite slowly from south to north. It appeared to be rectangular in shape and seemed slightly darker than the surroundings, perhaps metallic. After watching it for several minutes it suddenly seemed to streak away at a tremendous speed, disappearing in a few seconds. The objects appearance and behaviour were unusual and quite different from any conventional aircraft I have seen.
I reported this incident to the Newtown Police, but they were unable to offer any explanation. One person told me they had seen a similar object about the same time. 
I would be interested to know if there were any other reports of a similar siting in this area at about the same time. Please let me know.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned copy of a typed letter from the Office of Information, Major Jack M. Jacks, to Mrs. [redacted] of Newton, Ohio, dated March 26, 1964. The letter discusses an unusual aerial observation reported by Mrs. [redacted] and states that the information provided indicates that an AF Form 164 is being attached, in order to return the complete report to headquarters.

March 26, 1964

Dear Mrs. [redacted],

This letter is in reference to your report on an unusual aerial observation which occurred on January 27, 1964.

The information at hand seems to indicate that we are attaching an AF Form 164 which is a cover sheet utilized in processing reports of this nature. A detailed analysis attempted for your information is also a self-addressed envelope for your convenience in returning the completed report to your headquarters.

Sincerely,

MAJOR M. JACKS
Public Information
Office of Information

1 Attachment
Mrs. [redacted]
Newton, Ohio

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to a UFO sighting in Newtown, Ohio.

The transcribed text from the document is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO UFO Sighting (Newtown, Ohio) 

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting (Ms Gaines) 
Case D C

1. Reference the attached report regarding a sighting by Mrs C.M.G. on an unidentified flying object on 27 Jan 64.

2. The information indicates a meteor observation is more likely. The object is described in the witness statement as having a relatively slow speed and some irregularity of movement and color change which is inconsistent with a typical UFO sighting. Therefore, it is suggested that the evaluation may be completed. 

FOR THE COMMANDER

ROBERT O. JONES
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
Project Blue Book

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

UFO Sighting (Newton, Ohio)

At 10:30 ESTER (Mrs Delones)
Witness: P. B. C.

Reference: Car attended report regarding a sighting by a civilian witness on 27 Jan 64.

1. The information indicates a meteor observation is more likely the explanation, as the description given does not contain details typical of a UFO sighting, and the witness did not indicate clear identification such as an unusual craft or object.

2. No unusual physical evidence was reported which could be examined or evaluated.

FOR THE COMMANDER

CYRIL H. B. JONCKHEERE
Captain, USAF 
Deputy for Technology 
and Support

Latch, UFO Report, Newton, Ohio, 27 Jan 64

- page 9 -

The shared image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document from the Department of the Air Force regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting in Newtown, Ohio on 30 January 1964.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Office of Special Investigations 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ED-2-LC-23-312

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) - Newtown, Ohio, 
30 January 1964

TO: PTD (TDBS)
L. J. TACKER 
Newton, Ohio, telephone reported the following information:

1. On 30 January 1964, at approximately 22:55 hours, 27 January 1964, she observed a bright light in the sky north of Newton, Ohio. The light appeared to have fallen to the ground but she was unable to determine the distance from her home. To the best of her knowledge, no other persons in the area observed the flame. A check with the U. S. Weather Bureau, Cincinnati, Ohio, of the above information.

2. This matter is furnished for your information and any action deemed appropriate.

FOR THE COMMANDER

CALVIN L. HAMILTON 
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, D. I. Division

Copy to:
HQ USAF (AFRSIRC)

- page 10 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is an official file copy of a UFO sighting report from Newton, Ohio.

UFO SIGHTING (Newton, Ohio)
Via USAF SAFOI-PCS (HQ Safonm) 
WASH 25 D.C.

1. Reference the attached report regarding a sighting by Mrs Gallagher.
2. The information indicates a meteor observation is more likely. However, it is suggested that on 17 Jan 1964 form 1392 be forwarded to the witness in order that our evaluation may be clarified.

FOR THE COMMANDER
JOHN WHITT, COLONEL, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather appears to be a scanned document page from a Project Blue Book UFO report. The page is mostly blank, with some redacted or obscured text visible at the bottom. As an OCR (optical character recognition) system, I will extract the visible text from the document:

copy to
DU PONT AESR ARD DIST

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page of an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will be used in the analysis of the sighting, and it will not be divulged to any unauthorized persons or publications without your permission. We request this personal information only if it is deemed necessary for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Aug 7, 1964

2. Time of day:
11:15 PM

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): A. Eastern
B. Central
C. Mountain
D. Pacific
E. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
MIDDLETOWN, OHIO

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
45 Seconds

5.1 How was the time determined? OBSERVED BY WITNESS
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Bright 
b. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Bright
b. Clear

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. To your left
c. To your right
d. To your left
e. Behind you

Text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION 
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will be used in the analysis of the sighting, and it will not be divulged to any unauthorized persons or publications without your permission. We request this personal information only if it is deemed necessary for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
Aug 7, 1964

2. Time of day:
11:15 PM

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): A. Eastern
B. Central
C. Mountain
D. Pacific
E. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
MIDDLETOWN, OHIO 

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
45 Seconds

5.1 How was the time determined? OBSERVED BY WITNESS
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Bright
b. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Bright
b. Clear

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. To your left 
c. To your right
d. To your left
e. Behind you

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions and answer choices related to observations of unidentified flying objects.

HUMAN CANDLES THAT FIZLLE

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
ROMAN CANDLES THAT FIZZLE

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Make any sound? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke or exhaust? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 14 -

