Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
6 September 64 - 07/0110Z

2. LOCATION
Westfield, Massachusetts

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
UNRELIABLE REPORT

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Five

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Mother ship and four smaller ships performing in area for about eight hours. Report sent in second hand by Raymond E Fowler.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
8 Hours (Not Continuous)

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Varied

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63-0329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

UFO SIGHTING SUMMARY SHEET (continued)                6 SEPT 64

REPORT # 2         -        UFO REPORT - 9/6/64 (on or about)

Witnesses: Mrs. [redacted]        } - Saw large UFO which
            [redacted] (Son, age 12) } is referred to as a
            [redacted] (Daughter)     } "Mother-ship" AND
                                       smaller objects.

Mrs. A. [redacted]                 } - Saw smaller
[redacted]                          } objects only
Westford, Massachusetts

PLACE:     Westford, Massachusetts
DATE:      September 6, 1964 (on or about)        TIME: 8:10 PM EDT
                                                  (approx.)

SIGHTING: (Interviewed by Subcommittee member, Mr. Donald Moyers)

(Donald Moyers's notes are as follows): - "The observation took place
between eight in the evening to three or four o'clock in the morning. A
total of ten people saw the objects, although apparently not all at the
same time. A big ship appeared, first noted at eight o'clock. Some
after the ship appeared, several cargo planes appeared from Bedford
(Hanscom AFB) and circled near the "hockey rink". When the jet went under the
ship, the jet was over the hockey rink and circled around the mother
airplane went away. The big ship came in from the South-West and came
close to the ground... four smaller ships came out. One went to the North
and disappeared. One came over the mother ship and then went to the
South-East and hung there. The other two went to the South-East and turns
there. Far and then came a slow swing from the South to the South-West
and then back to the East. This kept up most of the observation period.
The mother ship moved slowly over the horizon and disappeared. (Not know
direction). At approximately 9:00 AM the small ship from the South-West
moved toward the mother ship and came down with a "chug-chug" as last season. The one in the North did not come back. The mother ship had a
red pulsating light on the bottom, (had a red and white light which
also blinked alternately). The small ships had a single pulsating
light on the bottom."

Additional information is as follows: The objects were quite large to
the eye, 10 to 15 feet and an arrow 200 x 24 feet. The "mother ship's"
length. The 4 smaller UFOs were compared to the size of a silver dollar
held at arm's length.


- page 2 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

7-6-64

Occupation: Pharmacologist
Education: 16
Service Training: Service wife

[Several lines are blacked out]

[Most of the text in the body of the document is too faint or blurry to read clearly, with only fragments of text visible]

(Please elaborate, if you can, to right)

[A date stamp or handwritten note appears at the bottom right of the page, but it is not clearly legible]


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

7-6-64

[Most of the text is partially illegible due to faint typewriting and handwritten notes, but I'll transcribe what I can clearly make out]

[Top right corner has a date stamp of 7-6-64]

[The document appears to be a form with various questions and spaces for responses, with some sections filled out in handwriting]

[At the bottom of the page, there is a signature and a date of 7/16/63]

Some partially legible text includes fragments like:
"...notice in advance..."
"...dating of the time?..."
"...please describe..."

Due to the image quality and faintness of the text, a complete and accurate full transcription is not possible without potential errors.


- page 4 -

NICAP Massachusetts Subcommittee
13 Friend Court,
Wenham, Massachusetts

SUBJECT: UFO Reports

CONTENTS: Summer 1958 or 1959 UFO Sightings, Turner, Maine
October 6, 1960 UFO Sighting, Westford, Massachusetts
September 6, 1964
October 23, 1964
November 13, 1964 UFO Sighting, Shutesbury, Massachusetts
Attached Newclips on UFO Sightings

FROM: Raymond E. Fowler
Chairman: NICAP Massachusetts Investigating Subcommittee

TO: National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena
Washington, D.C.

cc. USAF (AFSC, FTD)
Walter Webb

The following UFO Data is submitted for NICAP's files.

[Signed]
Raymond E. Fowler
NICAP Investigator

RE/mcs


- page 5 -

