The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 5-22-64 1900-1915
2. LOCATION: Franklin, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Mr. & Mrs. A. A. McKim
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 MIN 30 SEC
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 
7. COURSE:
8. PHOTOS: Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, which contains a questionnaire form for the observer to fill out regarding their sighting of an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. This information will be used in connection with any studies, analyses, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 21 Early Morning
2. Time of day: 5:15 a.m. Hours Minutes (Circle One): a.m. or p.m.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Franklin, Ohio City or Town State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Minutes Seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Carefully watched.
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes _X_ No _____
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy d. Bright e. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. Behind you d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember
FORM FID 0CT 53 104 This form is obsolete. LTD Y 194. jui 51. which 1s obsolete.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or interview form.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. More b. A few c. No change d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Fog or light rain d. Moderate or heavy rain e. Snow f. Don't remember
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 
/\ i s ta r

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Other d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Gradually fade out of sight at any time? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Fish tail or trail appear? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph or any visual element besides the text. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Disappeared out of sight and out of sound.

15. Did the object move behind something or any film, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes - No - Don't Know. 
If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes - No - Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound ______
b. Color ______

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and see how much of the object is covered by the hand of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
2-3 inches

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you are such as wings, protrusions, etc. and specifically indicate trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text on the page is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 3-4 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside*
d. In an airplan5 (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sunglasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Throttle No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the page contains instructions and questions related to sketching UFO sightings, including:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

This appears to be an effort by Project Blue Book to collect standardized information from witnesses about their UFO sightings, in order to investigate and analyze the reported phenomena.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present on this page of the Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image shows a form with various questions and sections for the witness to fill out, such as whether they have seen the object before, if anyone else witnessed it, their personal information, and when and to whom they reported the sighting.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   YES NO
31.1 IF you answered YES did they see the object too? (Circle One)   YES NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a questionnaire or report form.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 7 Jun 65

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

There is handwritten text in the response area, but no other discernible visual elements beyond the form itself.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document which contains text only.

HEADQUARTERS 
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND 
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDF

SUBJECT: Extract from Duty Officers Report

TO: TDDET

The following, extracted from Capt Hazlika's OD Report dated 27 Jul 64, is quoted for your information:

"2130 hours, UFO report from Mr.

2133 hours, UFO report from Mrs. 

2327 hours, Received call from Maj Cottrell at 57A93. He received this message: "At 2022 We observed bright light in the sky on my radar unit. It was tracked for over 10 minutes and then lost. A call was made to Capt Smith, who was monitoring UFO, and he saw the object passing. He said it was a very bright light moving at a very high rate of speed. Telemetrican A/3C Patterson and A/2C Crunch also observed object, but could not give estimate of size or speed."

2331 hours, Maj Cottrell called and said that ROAD stated the object was the ECHO II satellite.

Is it possible to furnish the OD with a forecast of satellites which may be observed in the Dayton area?"

JOHN D. McNEILL
Major, USAF
Administrative Officer

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire related to a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Your answers will be used in connection with any study of the case. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
     April - - - - - fast
2. Time of day:
    (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone:
    (Circle One): a. Eastern
                 b. Mountain
                 c. Central
                 d. Pacific
                 e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
   (Name of Postal Address)   (City or Town)   (State or County)
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
   a. Certain
   b. Fairly certain
   c. Not very sure
   d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
    Yes
    No
6. What was the condition of the sky?
   a. Day
      1. Clear
      2. Partly Cloudy
   b. NIGHT
      1. Clear
      2. Partly Cloudy
      3. Hazy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    (Circle One): a. In front of you
                 b. In back of you
                 c. To your left
                 d. To your right
                 e. Don't remember

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observer's sighting of an unidentified object.

8.1 STARS (CIRCLE ONE):
a. Hazy
b. A few
c. Many
d. Can't remember

8.2 MOON (CIRCLE ONE):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT? (CIRCLE ONE)
CLOUDS (CIRCLE ONE):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (CIRCLE ONE): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (CIRCLE ONE)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STAR? (CIRCLE ONE)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT.

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (CIRCLE ONE)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (CIRCLE ONE FOR EACH QUESTION)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes/No/Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up or change direction at any time? Yes/No/Don't know
c. Break up or explode? Yes/No/Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes/No/Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes/No/Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes/No/Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes/No/Don't know

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire with questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Didn't observed to disappear.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
It moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color White - bright in color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Light up the night sky - about the size of a 1/4 match stick at arm's length.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 12 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the 1964-07-8727795-Franklin-Ohio.pdf13.txt file.

The text in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the spread of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses  Yes  No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield  Yes No
d. Window glass  Yes No
e. Binoculars  Yes No
f. Telescope  Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 13 -

The image contains two illustrations. The first illustration is a diagram showing the curved path of an object and how it was observed in relation to the horizon and the compass. The second illustration is a compass rose with a central sun-like symbol.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place a "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with various questions and fields for the witness to fill out. As an OCR system, I will extract and output the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31.1 Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City State
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
Day Month Year

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographic content. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: -- -- --
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Ecita I
Time: 1:38 A.M. JULY 22, 1964 NORTH OF CITY: 27 DEGREES ASHLEY OHIO

- page 16 -

