PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
25 Jun 64

2. LOCATION
Dayton, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2237/2330

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☑Ground-Visual □Ground-Radar
□Air-Visual □Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes ☑ No

6. SOURCE
civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
Not specified

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object with two blinking lights. Large in front center with light in rear. Looked like a bright star. Moved away at greater speed than regular flight. Color and size same. Sped some as a transport plane. Obj disappeared climbing at 4 50 deg elevation. Initial observation at 30 deg elevation.

11. COMMENTS
No data presented to indicate object could NOT have been an a/c.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
☑ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any such report, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personnel information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
26   June   1964
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 14:00
(Circle One)   A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One)   a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One)   a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Dr. Hunter Heights
Nearest Postal Address         City or Town                 State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
10      Minutes
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain     c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):   a. in front of you   d. To your left
                b. In back of you    e. Overhead
                c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
TD OCI 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, 1 Oct 61, which is obsolete.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.0 MOON (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.0 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light (p2) Single or point, small, round, darting light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Slightly less bright than a bright star

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed-up-and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Float or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
(No)
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Seemed to go up

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound     None
b. Color     White bright like star

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
(small sketch of match head)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(blank drawing space)

Page 3 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

22. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North            c. East            e. South            g. West
b. Northeast        d. Southeast        f. Southwest        h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No    e. Binoculars    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No    f. Telescope    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No    g. Theodolite    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No    h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve. Now to show how high the object was above horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ____________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document also contains two diagrams: one showing a landscape with angle measurements and a compass rose, and another blank space for drawing.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
      Last Name           First Name           Middle Name
ADDRESS
      Street              City                Zone    State
TELEPHONE NUMBER                AGE 31        SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    Day             Month           Year


- page 7 -

