The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card documenting a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 11 Feb 64
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local
5. PHOTOS: Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 7 min
9. COURSE: Straight
11. COMMENTS: Multiple reports from witness who sees flying saucers frequently. No specific conclusions. Case considered inconclusive.

- page 1 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with text describing some kind of sighting or experience.

Transcribed text:
"I stopped and watched a mover covered in the metallic object, all clear in the moonlight. A. C. Frey - Mrs. F. C. Berryhill - and they were convinced made by the government. I believe me a) that-o-creatters. The detailed 17 form I do leave and they did not want to as conversating in."

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or notes.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is:

I was referred to
by a Senater
Prat Michener
and if possime
a unit visible
a unit to explpse
or lear more
From information
ll hand I recouver ande
we are told what
you are kimd &

- page 3 -

Based on the image, there is no photograph present. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, and it contains handwritten text that seems to be an address or mailing information.

OCR Output:
G. DAVE RETURN TO

BEPOFT 
AUG
1964
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB 
Dayton, D.Ohio

Wright-Patterson AFB 
Ohio

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

3-21-64

4487-67

April . . . . 
It seems to me we are at a place where all I can suggest is that you seemed to give me - the first thirty seconds of a very impressihon which I and that is not satisfactory. I may have tried in thatwrong, but I think this is what I am getting at - and this I am told to allow.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images, only handwritten text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will transcribe the text found in the document:

"The high interest in believing 
after they investigated and 
saw the them in the 
flight it impresses and
is a strange and
the feel and
their flight seems to 
be almost too
constant that that
there is a
caution even to 
those investigating that
they might some see
more than is there."

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a letter or document from the Foreign Technology Division of the United States Air Force.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDU

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information (_____)

791 HQ USAF SAF-OI 3b (Major Hart)
WASH 22 DC

Reference the attached letter from Mrs. (_____) requesting information on unidentified flying objects. This letter is forwarded for whatever action you deem necessary.

FOR THE COMMANDER

J ALLEN HYNEK
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
Ltr fm Mrs (_____) dtd 14 Jun 63.

- page 7 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is an image of a postage stamp or envelope with some handwritten text and markings.

Postage due 5 cents
Bright falls, Mich.
Wright Patterson Dayton, Ohio

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or page from a report.

$16,000
D-force 4
To investigate on January 
in farm near
Thence it west about 200 feet.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document.

OCR text:
I noticed the object about 6:10 p.m. Sunday evening, October 25, 1964 at Deford, Michigan. I was driving north on highway M-46 about 1/2 mile north of Deford when I noticed a bright light in the sky to the southeast. The object appeared to be moving in a northerly direction at a moderate speed. It was a bright light, larger than a star, and appeared to be emitting a glow. I slowed down my car to get a better look at the object as it passed overhead traveling in a northerly direction. I watched the object for approximately 30 seconds as it passed out of sight to the north. I did not notice any sound or unusual features other than the bright light and the northerly direction of travel. I have no explanation for what this object was.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or page from a report.

Based on the OCR:

15 DAYS RETURN TO
Deffed
9-7-64

Dept, of the Air Force
Office of the Secretary
Washington D.C.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Transcribed text:

Dear traveler, to your request on reported UFO sighting, I regret that I cannot give you additional informaction, since I never saw it or took a photo. The time I was expected to see it, I did not. The object you mentioned as having been seen by others is one which I never got any details on. I am sorry I cannot give you any more than this, but I trust that you will understand that these matters can be most difficult to properly evaluate and still not be able to give you much more to go on. Sincerely yours

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather handwritten text. As requested, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the output of all the text found in the document:

You must take me to inform
the pennant that
I answer htat that
answer a special
that to 7201 the
or what if you know
witness of a
flutter saucer. may
daughter and made
a fact that you would
not anse. I
on your that
more unusual
usual. the whole
is a business
would be more light
put about the case.
one more matter.

- page 13 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

OCR Output:
what do you do about the u.f.o. reports they turn in- seem mindle, I, very luminary singly by mail- it it very helpful that we printed material that is very that we get-prints some fact as to what was sern and estimated if we had wanted him to report reports in your speedly ray. would be with antenna minor intercsted now u.s, 3.01 seam be flying souccrs from

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten note or document.

PETER LYND DONL
SIR: [J - you dout
faring [the] 11/30/60
but i=n the open then
green wes
once and now totally.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather appears to be a page from a document or report. The image shows handwritten text at the bottom of the page, which reads "742 21 WASHINGTON D.C. / Dept of his force". There is also an address printed at the bottom of the page, which appears to be a postal address.

Yes, the day's return to --------------------------------
74 21 - Washington D.C.
Dept. of his force

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or note.

OCR output:
Mistake 9 could Depend
on what they appeared
to be a more precise
my guess is
a good they
The lead to a good
watch the flash

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photograph, but rather an handwritten text on a document page.

EXTRACTED TEXT:

It just seemed to be moving, not rotating but moving in a straight line quite rapidly. They were about three feet in diameter and hovering several feet above the ground. They made no sound at all and didn't seem to have any lights or markings. There were at least two, possibly three of them in a line, all about the same size and shape. They didn't seem to be connected to or controlled by anything, just moving on their own. it was very hard to tell just what they were as they moved so quickly. My first thought was that they might be some kind of flying object, perhaps some sort of experimental aircraft, but I'm not sure about that. I don't know what they were but I'm quite certain they weren't any kind of aircraft or helicopter. They seemed to defy all the laws of gravity and normal flight as far as I could tell. I'm still trying to figure out what I saw that night. It was very strange and a little unnerving, but fascinating at the same time.

- page 18 -

