PROJECT 1007 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 5 May 64
2. LOCATION: Toledo, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 06/0345Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: No
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
9. COURSE: up and down

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Witness looking at what he thought to be a star when suddenly it went straight up and came down again (60 seconds). In NW at 45 deg elevation. Color white, Red and Red-orange, disappeared after about 5 minutes.

11. COMMENTS:
Initial impression was that the obj was a star. Fixation of observation could create illusion of motion since no ready reference to this body would be nearby. Capella in NW at 20 deg elevation. VENUS on or near horizon at 300 deg azimuth. Elevation indicated Capella most likely, duration and disappearance more closely in accord with Venus. Case evaluated as Star/Planet

ATIC FORM 320 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Air Technical Center
Wright-Patterson A.F.B.
Dayton, Ohio

EW (life)


- page 2 -

Venus
-4-2 5 May
Toledo, Ohio

Wright-Patterson A.F.B.
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs,

On the fifth of May nineteen hundred sixty-four, I was out on the back step looking up at a star or what I thought to be a star when suddenly this object went straight up in the air for about sixty seconds then straight down again. It was in a North Westerly direction at 45°. At first the object was white, then red, then reddrange. It continued this motion for about 5 min. then disappeared.

I decided to wait a few days to make sure this wasn't a star. It never returned.

Sincerely yours,

P.S. It was between 9:45 PM to 9:30 P.M.

Toledo, Ohio (ZIP #3600)
5/11/64


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Major Maston Jack,
AF Office of Information
Project Blue Book
Pentagon
Washington D.C.

Dear Major Jack,

Do you have any Air Force photographs of helicopters in the air at night that you could send me? Also do you have any photographs of UFO's? Could you send me some information on Project Blue Book.

Thank you,

Toledo, Ohio


- page 4 -

Is there any possible way that you could set me up with interview on personal who have seen these. One if at all possible I would like to interview is Al Chung. Have a way of knowing whether he is a true or fictional character in this movie. I would appreciate it very much if I could interview him.

Thank you,

[Redacted text]

To:

United States Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

SF101

Postmark: TOLEDO, OHIO APR 8 1964


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Toledo, Ohio
April 5, 1964

U.S.A.F.
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Sirs,

Could you give me any kind of information on "Flying Saucers" (U.F.O.). I am 17 years of age and I am interested on writing a book about them. The title is: Unidentified Flying Objects (U.F.O.)

I recently saw a movie on T.V. titled "Unidentified Flying Objects". It had two films taken of Flying Saucers flying over parts of the United States. Since then I have become deeply interested in U.F.O.s Is there any way that I might be able to get a hold of this movie?

There is one thing that I am curious about and that is "PROJECT BLUE BOOK". Could you give me any information on this and what it is about. I would appreciate it very much. If there is any possible way that you could send me books, articles from magazines, newspapers clippings and so forth I will be pleased.


- page 6 -

