Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE, TIME GROUP
20 November 64  21/0105Z

2. LOCATION
Lakeland, Florida

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
35 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
West

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
CONFLICTING DATA

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object like North Star in sight for 35 seconds. Bright orange. No sound. Disappeared by fading. Sharply outlined. Speed estimated at 2-4,000 mph. Straight flight. Could have been in outer space. Observation in NE.

COMMENTS: Initial letter indicated that the object was moving at 500-700 mph. Initial letter indicated that the object was observed in the West moving NW. Also object was reported to disappear into thin air, not race. ECHO I and II not seen in area at reported time of observation. Case regarded as conflicting data in view of the facts as stated in the original letter and this record on the Form 164. See 6 Aug 64 also.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 2-4000 m.p.h.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 300 MILES AWAY

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

[Handwritten text in this section is partially illegible, but appears to say something like: "out way like placing a to sky being ball up in the sky at rest with altitude"]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

MOTION: STRAIGHT

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ____________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
AGE 13 SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
Watching UFO's as a hobby of mine. I am sure
I saw this object. So was no reflection.
I took off my glasses to make sure.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
to the police and
local


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 27 Nov 1964

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

This object looked like it couldn't have sat in space. (But Q doesn't it.) When it disappeared it possibly could have sped up faster than light. That's my theory for this disappearance.

Thank you.

P.S. Sorry for the misspelled words.


- page 5 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

21/0105
(21/1205) Lect II in Smith Henry gma
(21/0129) Lect I

The rest of the text appears to be illegible or too faint to read clearly. The page is marked as "Page 8" in the top right corner.


- page 6 -

Nov. 20, 1964

Dear Sirs,

On the night of Nov. 30, 1964
My friends and I were out watching
the stars when we noticed an orange
light near the moon. It was traveling
from the west to the northwest at a
terrific speed. Any where from 500-
700 mph. Discolor did not change
(a steady orange color) It had
no sound that we could
hear. After watching it for land 1/2
minutes it just disappeared in-
to thin air. Three of us saw it.
I know I should tell you about
so I'm sending you this letter.
You will find a diagram on the
second page of this letter. Please,
tell us what we saw. I'm a
Boy Scout, I didn't just imagine
it!


- page 7 -

Dept. of the Air Force
Office of the Secretary
United States Air Force
Washington D.C. 20330

Official Business

Lakeland, Fla.

There is a postmark stamp partially visible on the document and some other markings, but the text above is the primary content of the page.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Sincerely,

DIAGRAM
STARTING POINT OF UFO.

OTHER
STARS

TRAVELING DISTANCE

VANISHING POINT
OF U.F.O.

MOON

STARS

CLOUDS


- page 9 -

Lakeland Fla.

(PROJECT BLUE BOOK)
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20330

OFFICIAL BUSINESS


- page 10 -

24 November 1964

Dear [redacted]

With reference to your recent letter, attached is AFD Form 164 to be used for reporting UFO sightings to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Chief, Pictorial Branch
Public Information Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
AFD Form 164

Lakeland, Florida


- page 11 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
20 NOV. 1964
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day:
8     05
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted/Illegible Nearest Postal Address]    Lakeland    Fla.
                    City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
0    0    35
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?    By Watch

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes X    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
It was about as bright as the north star

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
(No)
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
As if blending away with the sky.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: There was no sound (it was away)
b. Color: The colors was a bright orange

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? All of the U.F.O. would have been covered.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially showing actual or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch showing a disappearing point, a very fast UFO, and a moon]


- page 14 -

