PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
1 Mar 1964

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: GMT 02/0106Z

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 hour 41 min.

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Series or erratic motions of one or more
objects over a period of almost two hours.
Avid believer in flying saucers. Youth 15
and friend who go out looking for saucers.

See report 5 June 64

2. LOCATION
Middleboro, Mass.

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
■ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

6. SOURCE
one or more

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one or more

9. COURSE
varied

11. COMMENTS
Report considered as misinterpretation
of conventional objects.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
■ Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown
■ Misinterpret/Conv obj


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
no

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes, No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Middleboro, Mass.
Middleboro, Mass.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
[Last Name redacted] [First Name: Middleboro] [Middle Name redacted]
ADDRESS
Street: [redacted]
City: Middleboro
Zone: [redacted]
State: Mass.

TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 15
SEX: Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I am an amateur astronomer and have a working knowledge of sky phenomena and this sort of thing. I do believe there are things in our atmosphere of extraterrestrial origin but I am a conservative as far as reports (that is, I am not easily convinced that I am seeing a U.F.O.) are concerned. I like to see them because I know they are there but I don't like to fool myself.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
15 June 1964

Project Blue Book
Information Officer
Washington, D.C.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   23   June   1964

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

At the time which the objects were about to leave an airplane (it sounded like a double engine, piston driven) with what at first appeared to be similar lights could be seen coming from the NAS. The information which I wish to give here is that at distance greater than that of the objects the plane could be heard clearly and its lights separated into ones which you know can be "on" as well as anyone on aircraft. The objects could not be heard and their lights seemed to be from a single source, it seemed as one "bulb" with a rotating tricolored globe of three sections: red green and amber, each of 120 degrees. Occasionally, but not in any pattern, the red flash would be very bright (really it was not a flash but the red segment of the sequence) brighter than Venus at greatest elongation. I would like to stress that when (near the sky was hazy, which it wasn't) but that the object could be seen when near the north and only then since they were all unique except for the lights. I also feel that in stress such as this one seems to be when the single object was closest (3000 ft.) there was still no sound and the distance here is none which I am very sure of (1000 ft.). There was an unusual activity in the sky such phenomena. The plane chasing (this is what it seemed to be doing) the last object chased it in a wide arc from NAS toward west to the SE where they both disappeared. The object did not increase speed to elude the plane and swayed well in front of it. This may or may not be of any great importance, but as the object seemed to halt its motion it got either bright or dimmer and it was just occurred to me that the erratic side to side motions may actually have been the objects moving in a rectangular-shaped maneuver.

Would you please give me your analysis of this sighting?

* It had momentarily speeded up to about 1500 mph and decreased speed to about 500 mph before the plane came.


- page 3 -

Middleboro, Mass. 02346
29 May 1964

United States Air Force Headquarters
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

Would you please send me a copy of the following which were released some time ago: JANAP 146 (B) of September 1951 (declassified per 12 December 1953), AFR 200-2 of 12 August 1954 (superseding AFR 200-2 of 26 August 1953 including change 200-2A 2 November 1953), and PRNC 3820.1 of 23 July 1954. I would also like any information about the subject of UFOs and also any photos that you have printed for release. Thank you very much for your help.

Sincerely,
[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 4 -

Middleboro, Mass. 02346

United States Air Force Headquarters
Washington, D.C.

7th Column
AFCIG-SC


- page 5 -

June 12, 1964

Dear Mr.

This is in reply to your letter of May 29, 1964, in which you requested certain publications on the subject of Unidentified Flying Objects.

JANAP 146 is for intra-service use only and not for distribution. AFR 200-2 is for inter-service guidance and PNNG 3820.1 is a Navy document which is used solely for Navy guidance.

There are no photographs of Unidentified Flying Objects available within the Air Force for dissemination. Those photos which were submitted for analysis have been evaluated as common objects, flaws in the negative, or hoaxes, and all have been returned to the senders.

We are enclosing the latest Air Force Fact Sheet on Unidentified Flying Objects together with a summary of the recent Socorro, New Mexico sighting.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Inclosures

Mr
Middleboro, Mass. 02346


- page 6 -

Project Blue Book Information Officer
HQ USAF (SAFOI-PB)
The Pentagon
Washington, D.C. 20330

Gentlemen:

In a fact sheet sent me recently by your public information officer at the Secretary's office I was asked to contact you if I observed anything which I believe possesses the qualities of a UFO. I should have received this sooner because on March 1 and June 5 of this year there were a few interesting occurrences witnessed by yours truly and two others for the first and one other for the second.

I am writing to request two (2) UFO report forms from your office which I will return very soon after they are received. I will admit that I have believed in the phenomena, and I say it bluntly, which your office calls the UFO and that on the night of the second sighting I was not looking for some, but the report will be a truthful description of what was seen, as unbiased as possible, and with the cooperation of the other witnesses. I am familiar with most astronomical phenomena and aerodynamic capacities of objects as well as most forms of aircraft as were the other observers.

Besides the forms I would also appreciate any information which you may be able to send me about UFOs. If you are not interested in getting my report, would you please answer this request for information if possible.

Thank you.


- page 7 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY
MEMORANDUM

Middle boro, Mass (b)

16. To ATIC 6
Request enclosure,

29 June


- page 8 -

TDEN
Request For UFO Information

Hq USAF SAFOI PB (Mrs. Geiser)

1. We have received two complete FTD forms 164 from Mr. [redacted] of Middleboro, Massachusetts. He has requested an Air Force evaluation on these two sightings.

2. The sighting of 1 March 1964 is estimated as misinterpretation of conventional objects. The duration of one hour and minutes contains several sightings of multiple objects. No time motion sequence can be interpreted from the data presented. Some characteristics of balloons, aircraft, and astronomical bodies are present. The motion and relation to various objects is confusing. The duration of each object was omitted. Should Mr. [redacted] desire a more complete evaluation, it is suggested that he report each object separately.

3. Regarding the sighting of 5 June 1964, these observations were of four distinct objects with duration of 1, 5, and 40 seconds. It is likely that 3 of the 4 objects observed were meteors, while the fourth object was not described in sufficient detail for analyzing. This object is carried as insufficient data.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems


- page 9 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
1 March 1964

2. Time of day: 08 06
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted address], Middleboro, Massachusetts

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
1 41 ?
Hours Minutes Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Looked at watch when saw and noticed clock upon return
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No X but sometimes in sight most

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY NIGHT
a. Bright a. Bright
b. Cloudy b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you d. To your left
b. In back of you e. Overhead
c. To your right f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):     8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                      a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                     b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                      c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember             d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):             WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky                     a. Dry
    b. Hazy                          b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Scattered clouds               c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Thick or heavy clouds          d. Snow
                                      e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
    a. Solid                         a. As a light
    b. Transparent                   b. Don't remember
    c. Vapor                         except when silhouetted on moon haze

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                      c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                        d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
    nothing can be but about same a star Vega in Lyra

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred               e. Other
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined                When in moon haze
    d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                   (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?           Yes   No   Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes   No   Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?              Yes   No   Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?                              Yes   No   Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                           Yes   No   Don't know
    f. Change shape?                                Yes   No   Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?                            Yes   No   Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                      Yes   No   Don't know


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
only disappeared behind trees and horizon (hill) and came back all times except last rather swiftly

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: only behind trees and hill

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: none
b. Color: rotating red, green, and amber that seemed one changing light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the subject would have been covered by the match head?
1/2 - 2/3

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with annotations including "source of light", "seemed like coiled wire", "not always moving in same direction", and a note: "The lines extending across the front of the object could not be seen. I have assumed their presence."]


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 500 - 700 mph but over 1500 upon leaving

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No    probably
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 10 - 12 miles from SSE but less than 3000 ft. at first

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?    23. Were you (Circle One)
(Circle One):                                           a. In the business section of a city?
a. Inside a building                                   b. In the residential section of a city?
b. In a car                                            c. In open countryside
c. Outdoor                                             d. Near an airfield?
d. In an airplane (type)                               e. Flying over a city?
e. At sea                                              f. Flying over open country?
f. Other                                               g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                c. East                e. South             g. West
b. Northeast            d. Southeast           f. Southwest         h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses           Yes    No                e. Binoculars        Yes    No
b. Sun glasses          Yes    No                f. Telescope         Yes    No on 30x
c. Windshield           Yes    No                g. Theodolite        Yes    No
d. Window glass         Yes    No                h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

If one took a bell about the shape of the Liberty Bell and hit it on tap with its standing right side up so that its top was driven closer to its bottom but did not dent the top, then this would give and describe the object

of the three who saw them, only I wore eyeglasses


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

A1 is where Russ first saw it.
A2 is where I first saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

drawing
made as
though
one was
above the
object look-
ing down

B1 indicates where all but one
left and B2 indicates where the
one being chased at some later
is where the first object was performing iratic motions in a tight circle
around Venus's area and D indicates all objects visible at the time.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?

no formation which I could see. There were no more than 3 visible at one time but I believe there were four because one would go behind a hill in the east and another would emerge in the West. This process would then reverse.

Until area D in the above drawing there was only one object visible


- page 14 -

