There is no photograph present in this image. The document appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

17 November 64  18/0232Z
Civilian
Three
1.5 Minutes
Ground-Visual
Bridgewater, Massachusetts
AIRCRAFT
Lt.:  Two lights no definite shape. Spinning and approaching (seeming to hover). Too slow for aircraft. (appears to be slow for conventional air traffic).
Clear sky. 40 ft high, 170 yds away, two 6 in. diameter objects approaching at steady speed, making noise like jet, 3 yds away. This object made noise like helio. Objet: When first observed, distance 170 yds, continued to approach, passed overhead at 40 ft altitude, continued 3 yds away. Appeared solid with lights. Sharply outlined.
CONCLUSION: Object observed for 15 minutes and reported as only 2 lights. Incredible speed. Number of lights not reported. Witnesses were confident that this was not an aircraft or any known vehicle.
FTO FORM FTD SP 3 0-129 (TDE)

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only diagrams and text. I will now proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

27. In the following diagram, imagine there were stars in the sky. Place an "A" on the course the object was traveling, how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" or the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document with various questions and fields for the witness to fill out.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) [Yes] No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) [Yes] No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted] 
AGE: 13 SEX: [redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? [redacted] biology [redacted]
Day Month Year

- page 3 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

Transcription of the text in the document:

What was seepo[?] on ground:
Saw about 10 o'clock in the evening, a light appear in the sky. It was circular in shape and appeared very large. It seemed to be hovering in the sky and then suddenly it began to descend. It came down very quickly and disappeared behind some trees. When it came down it cast a light over the ground. We were very excited and went outside to look for it, but couldn't find anything. About 10 minutes later, we saw the same light come up over the trees and then it disappeared into the sky.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR Output:
Page 3

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it is a handwritten document.

November 29, 1964

Dear Sir,

On November 9, 1964 Monday evening, Bridgewater, Mass, I looked up at the sky to see two strange oval shapes that appeared to be very clearly defined and they were spinning around and around and the shapes were colored a little bit of greenish yellowish color.

The objects appeared to be about 40 to 50 feet in diameter and they seemed to be joined together. I also saw two other similar objects that were too small to be noticed, and the objects were so bright they seemed to be emitting some kind of light from within. It was a clear night, and the objects were going very fast. The objects changed direction quite suddenly, and I watched them go out of sight.

I suppose the Air Force would like to hear about this, and the objects were such a strange sight I don't know what to think. It made a tremendous impression on me, and I would be glad to give any other information if needed.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text.

a model material to the chief made by the object. The object was tight, whitish in color. it came from a southwesterly direction, passed the observer's car, and went at the bottom of the craft apparently connected, it climbed up and went in a northerly direction. it had a strange appearance similar to that described in this project called the project here when I saw the object and I would like to mention that day. I was by some homemade that were to be exploded on that day. It was by a time that i took the day and I showed that I was a homemade and I showed that I was a homemade and I showed that I was a homemade and I showed that I was a homemade and I showed that I was a homemade and I showed that I was a homemade and I showed that I was a homemade and I showed that I was a homemade and I showed that I was a homemade and I showed that I was a homemade and I showed that I was a homemade and I showed that I was a homemade and I showed that I was a homemade and I showed that I was a homemade and I showed that I was a homemade

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document or envelope with various text and postmark information.

Unidentified Flying Objects 
Washington 25, D.C.

54 701

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

8 December 1964

Dear Miss ******:
This is in reply to your letter of November 23. Attached is AFDO Form 164 which is used for reporting unusual aerial sightings to the Air Force. This form should be filled out completely and returned to this office for evaluation.
Sincerely,
MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Chief, Historical Branch
Information Division
Office of Information
1 Ath 
ATTN: PUN FORM 164
W. Bridgewater, Massachusetts

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with this project, and all information will be held in strict confidence.

1. When did you see the object? 17 Nov 64
2. Time of day: 6-30 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Bridgewater, Mass.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Not very sure b. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes 
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Clear b. Partly cloudy c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? a. In front of you b. To the right c. To the left d. Behind you (Circle One)

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a form with text prompts and checkboxes. As an OCR system, I can produce the following text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight 
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy 
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Compare brightness to some common object:
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The shape of the object was:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly appear up and then disappear at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know 
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a series of questions and responses related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

Now, acting as an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): (Yes) No Don't Know. 
IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: like that of a helicopter
b. Color: It was solid, with a glaring color
c. Size: Like that of a small automobile

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please on arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

NOTICE LARGE SOLID, GLARING
OBLONG OBJECT GOING OUT
OF SIGHT ON BOTTOM

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, with various questions and answers filled out.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
Yes

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 
No response provided

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
Yes

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
30 yards

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
c. Outdoors

23. Were you (Circle One)
c. In the residential section of a city?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
c. South

24.2 How fast were you moving?
No response provided

24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object?
Yes

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars
Yes
b. Sun glasses 
Yes
c. Windshield
Yes
d. Window glass
Yes

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Do not

- page 13 -

