Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
9 Sept 64  10/0130Z

2. LOCATION
Boston, Massachusetts

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
1. Aircraft (w/scanner)
2. (SEARCHLITES)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One, Two

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
11 reported sightings in Boston area submitted by Raymond
Fowler. 9 of 11 are attributable to an a/c with an
advertising banner and the two additional sightings present
the characteristics of a searchlight or spotlight. These
are indirect reports. See case files.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Varied

8. PHOTOS
a. Yes
b. No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
a. Yes
b. No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Wakefield Daily Item
SERVING THE MOST ENTERPRISING COMMUNITY NORTH OF BOSTON

WAKEFIELD, MASS., THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1964                TEN PAGES

Volpe Flying High?

Flying "Object"
Sighted In Area

While it must be accepted as fact, From the bridge of The Ship
that it was an airplane towing sign Route 1 in Lynnfield, owned
lighted political sign, three who John Zappala and five patrons
witnessed what they believed to be heard the mysterious object after
a flying saucer over this area, held was first sighted by the parking
high, probably will remain without attendant Richard Mahoney, 10
their original thought. of Coolidge st, Wakefield.

Around 9:30, the mysterious ob- It was traveling west to east,
ject floated through the skies north west into a belt bank and is an-
of Boston. Some described it as her lights hinted off and on show-
round, with lights on the rim; ring the object to be about the size
some said it was the size of a "crushed automobile." Ma-
honey told a Daily Item re-
porter "I saw it as a speed of about 100 miles an hour."

But it can all be blamed on a hooked like a long string of lights."
"Bring Back Volpe" lighted sign Logan Inter- police where Sgt. Joseph Kelley
being towed by a Tri-power, so stated that the flying object made no received reports at the Lynnfield
chain drive trailer on active from noise. This is still puzzling to state police barracks. He relayed them to state
the control tower at Logan Inter- police where Sgt. Joseph Kelley police headquarters in Boston.
national Airport. stated he could not explain the Mahoney said that to him the

Mrs. Jean Walsh of 41 Jeffersonberries, lie relayed them to state flying object was large in size.
police headquarters in Boston. But the control tower at Logan
Mahoney said that to him the flying object was large in size.

Other reports were made from Cambridge and from residents in
the Charles River area, all will-
ing over the junior high school, insist stating that it was a moteless
object and "that many others saw mysterious flying object, and not
an airplane.


- page 2 -

Here are the legible text fragments I can extract from the map:

"HARVARD"
"POINT WHERE 1ST SAW ADVERTISING PLANE"
"RIVER"
"PARK"
"CITY"

The image appears to be a detailed street map of what seems to be Boston, Massachusetts, with numerous street lines, blocks, and intersections drawn in a black and white schematic style. There are handwritten annotations on the map, but some are partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the image.


- page 3 -

Text found in the image:

"I'll Could HAVE SEEN THE UFO"

"SUNOCO"

"= GENERAL FLIGHT PATH OF AD. PLANE"

"MAP #2"

The image is a detailed road map of the Boston, Massachusetts area, showing numerous towns, roads, and geographical features like Nantasket Bay and Boston Harbor. There is a handwritten note on the map that says "I'll Could HAVE SEEN THE UFO" and a Sunoco logo. At the bottom right, there is a notation "= GENERAL FLIGHT PATH OF AD. PLANE" and "MAP #2".


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

13 Friend Court,
Wenham, Massachusetts
18 October 1964

SAF-OIPB
Department of the Air Force
Office of the Secretary
United States Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Attention: Major Maston M. Jacks

Dear Major Jacks:

Thank you for your letter of 14 October 1964 in response to one of several recent UFO reports which I submitted to the USAF, i.e. UFO sightings on 9 September 1964 in the Boston, Massachusetts, North Shore Area. In answer to your questions concerning the possibility that the "second object" sighted by James Warher and his friend was a searchlight or spotlight, I am supplying the following information.

One of my initial questions to Mr. Warher was whether a searchlight reflection on a cloud layer was what he might have witnessed as there were low scattered clouds over Boston and such a light could have performed the maneuvers described, an emphatic "no" from him. He described the object as solid, having depth, and flying below the cloud base. Only the "bottom" of the object was daily glowing. As regarding your query whether Mr. Warher felt that the second object was "trying to intercept or catch the advertised plane", the answer is a also negative. The aircraft was on the other side of the Charles River heading toward the NE, 7 towers whereas the UFO was approaching from the opposite direction over the Charles River toward their car on the Harvard Square Bridge. Other cars and a WA bus stopped on the bridge while their occupants observed the object. It passed directly over the bridge, made a sharp turn with no curve radius and proceeded directly for the large light on the John Hancock Building and made a 3-90 square turns around this light. In the same back toward and almost over the Charles River where it accelerated upwards into the cloud base. At all times the object witnessed appeared to be solid, elliptical in shape with a dimly-glowing base. The object exhibited several typical UFO characteristics; i.e. its elliptical shape, ability to perform turns with no curve radius, and a change in color upon acceleration unless this was caused by ground lights reflecting on the object of its light being affected as it began to enter the cloud base.

For some reason there has been a rash of UFO sightings in this area for the past few months. Yesterday I saw several recent reports to Wright-Patterson AFB. I believe that basic information on one of these was already TLK'd there by Major Brooks at Hanscom AFB, Bedford, Massachusetts who took down the information by phone from me as it concerned a UFO intercepting and following a C119


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

which was on a landing approach to Hanscom AFB. It was dark gray or black, torpedo-shaped and had small fins at its rear. No wings or other appendages were observed. No noise. No exhaust trail. You may already have been forwarded this information. I am presently working on several more recent records - a UFO which overtook two jets, which had just broke the sound barrier over Brockton, Mass. and which then dropped to hover over Brockton in three different areas after making abrupt maneuvers; the other involved a UFO observed hovering over a street in the city of Haverhill, Mass. around 1:00 AM one morning. It was circular in shape and, significantly enough (cf. Warsher) its base had a soft glow coming from it. Illumination from nearby streetlights revealed a dome-like structure on top. The sight of it sent the witnesses hurrying to the police station! Details will be sent out shortly to AFSD (FTD) and to civilian groups.

In accordance with AFR 200-2 dated 20 July 1962 and amended on 30 March 1964, paragraph #7, would you be so kind as to send me the USAF Fact sheet on the well-publicized Socorro, New Mexico UFO sighting by Socorro patrolman Lonnie Zamora on 24 April 1964? Also, would you please expand on the meaning of AFR 200-2 Par. #7 in relation to your office making available to the public fall releases* concerning UFO sightings reported to the USAF. I realize that this does not include those reports which are classified and those which are "For Official Use Only" but would those reports cleared by your office for distribution be made available to me? I would like to be possible for an interested individual like myself to receive back copies and be put on a distribution list for future releases or would I have to ask for such "releases" specifically. I have followed the UFO problem for seventeen years and am dependent upon UFO information through UFO organizations; newsclip service; personal contacts and personal investigations concerning UFO sightings; "releases" available from The Office of Information, Office of the Secretary of the Air Force would be greatly appreciated and would be a great aid in my own UFO research. The implications of the sightings of real "unknowns" throughout the world are enormous and complicated. One needs as much information as possible to carry on a serious study of these objects.

Thank you for your cooperation in this matter.

Yours sincerely,
Raymond E. Fowler

REF/ref


- page 6 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

14 October 1964

Dear Mr. Fowler:

We are in receipt of your report of unidentified flying object sightings on 9 September 1964 in the Boston, Massachusetts, North Shore area. We are in receipt with your conclusions on sightings three through eleven, as being the advertising plane from Beverly Airport. While these reports are of identical objects and not unidentified reports the information does serve as confirmation of the visual characteristics displayed by aircraft with advertising banners.

The sightings of witnesses one and two cannot be evaluated as the advertising plane since the object was observed at the same time. This sighting presents some characteristics of a reflection of searchlight/spotlight or other ground lights. Verification required for an evaluation of this nature would include the weather data to establish a cloud or haze layer and the presence of a searchlight/spotlight in the area. The description of the second object is in accord with this evaluation. The object was elliptical shape with fussy, dull gray color and diffused with yellowish tint. The motion is also highly suggestive of this phenomena. In your continued investigation this possibility could be checked. Did James Warner have the feeling that the second object was trying to intercept or catch the advertising plane, in a manner such as someone with a spotlight perhaps attempting to focus on this plane?

The Air Force wishes to thank you for your interest in aerial phenomena.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACUS
Major, USAF
Chief, Pictorial Branch
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Raymond E. Fowler
13 Friend Court
Wenham, Massachusetts


- page 7 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Reports                                   7 Oct 64

TO: HQ USAF SAFOI PB
     Wash D C 20330

OFFICE:
This letter has received a report of unidentified flying object
sighting on 9 Sep 64 in the Boston, Massachusetts North Shore
area, from R                 Wenham, Massachusetts.
Attached is a suggested reply to Mr Fowler.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of] ERIC L. JUNGKLEEB, JR.
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

1 Atch
a/s

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!


- page 8 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:
SUBJECT: UFO Sightings, 9 Sep 64

TO:
Wenham, Massachusetts

Dear Mr.

We are in receipt of your report of unidentified flying object sightings on 9 Sep 64 in the Boston, Massachusetts, North Shore area. We are in accord with your conclusions on sighting three through eleven, as being the advertising plane from Beverly Airport.

While these reports are of identified objects and not unidentified, the reports the information does serve as confirmation of the visual characteristics displayed by aircraft with advertising banners.

The sightings of witnesses one and two cannot be evaluated as the advertising plane alone at the object was observed at the same time. This sighting presents some characteristics of a reflection of searchlight/spotlight or other ground lights. Verification required for one evaluation of this nature would include the weather data to establish a cloud or haze layer and the presence of a searchlight/spotlight in the area. The description of the second object is in accord with this evaluation. The object was elliptical shape with fuzzy edges, no noise, dull grey color diffused with yellow tint. The motion is also highly suggestive of this phenomena. In your continued investigation this possibility could be checked. Did James Varcher have the feeling that the second object was trying to intercept or catch the advertising plane, in a manner such as someone with a spotlight perhaps attempting to focus on this plane?

The Air Force wishes to thank you for your interest in aerial phenomena.

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!


- page 9 -

14 October 1964

Dear Mr. [redacted]

We are in receipt of your report of unidentified flying object sightings on 9 September 1964 in the Boston, Massachusetts, North Shore area. We are in accord with your conclusions on sightings through observation of being the overflying plans from Beverly Airport. While these reports are of unidentified objects and not unidentified reports the information does serve as confirmation of the visual characteristics displayed by aircraft with advertising cameras.

The sightings of witnesses one and two cannot be evaluated as the rendering plane was the object was observed at the time. This sighting presents some characteristics of a reflection or searchlight/spotlight effect. Verification required for an evaluation of this nature would include the weather data to establish a cloud cover last two years and the presence of a searchlight/spotlight in the area. The description of the second object is in accord with this trend. The object was an elliptical shape with two edges, so dull gray color diffused with yellowish tints. The motion is also highly suggestive of this phenomenon. In your opinion investigative possibly could be obtained. Did James Marcher have the feeling that the second object was trying to intercept or catch the searchlight plane, in a manner such as someone with a spotlight perhaps attempting to focus on this plane?

The Air Force wishes to thank you for your interest in aerial phenomena.

Sincerely,

MASTON H. JACKS
Major, USAF
Chief, Pictorial Branch
Public Information Division
Office of Information

[Redacted address]
Dedham, Massachusetts


- page 10 -

13 Eyland Court
Wanham, Massachusetts

SUBJECT:    UFO SIGHTING(s) - 9 September 1964
            Boston, Massachusetts
            North Shore Area, Massachusetts (possible)

CONTENTS:   SIGHTING ACCOUNTS
            (a) UFO DATA SHEETS (to NICAP only)
            (b) OF POSSIBLE SIGHTED AREA
            ADVERTISED PLANE FLIGHT PLAN
            SUMMARY CITATION

FROM:       Raymond E. Fowler

TO:         1460                                  CC: NICAP
                                                      ATIC
                                                      FTD
                                                      APRO
                                                      1st UFO Group

The following Report provides detailed information concerning UFO sighting(s) on the night of 9 September 1964 at Boston, Massachusetts and possibly in the North Shore area of Massachusetts. Additional information is expected and will be forwarded at a later date.

                                                      Raymond E. Fowler
                                                      HICAP

HNF/mef


- page 11 -

UFO RECORD BACKGROUND

On the night of September 9, 1964, Radio station WBZ broadcast UFO reports at 10:00 and 11:00 PM. The following day I phoned Street, Director, WBZ newspaper (WCAB) and asked for details. Street said that several employees of WBZ had seen the UFO over the WBZ parking lot and that WBZ had received a dozen reports by phone. However, the State Police later called WBZ and told them that the UFO was identified by the Logan Airport Control Tower as being an advertising plane. Nevertheless, I obtained the witnesses' names from Street and began my investigation.

A check with Ski-Lite Advertising Company revealed that their aircraft had followed the route over which the UFO had been reported so I wrote off the reports as being the advertising plane.

On the same day, later in the afternoon, I received a phone call from a Sylvania official at Dilcon Headquarters. He had seen my name in the "Sylvania News" as being connected with NICAP and UFOs and had called to inform me that many people had seen both the advertising plane and the UFO at the same time. His son and a friend, both MIT engineering students, were among this witnesses. I, Fran J. opened my investigation immediately. The results thus far are as follows:

SIGHTING ACCOUNTS
HARVARD SQUARE BRIDGE - 8:30 PM

[Diagram of an elliptical-shaped object]

WITNESS # 1
James Louis Warsher
(name may not be published)
6 Bradford Road,
Wellesley, Massachusetts
Age: 23
Occupation: Engineering
                Student - MIT

James and his friend were driving across the Harvard Square Bridge from MIT (Sept. 9) when a police-called advertising plane carrying an illuminated sign which flashed the words "Vote Johnson" - Volpe being a candidate for Governor. Almost at the same instant they noticed an elliptical-shaped object coming down the Charles River toward the bridge.

In a subsequent note he said that both the advertising plane and this object were seen in the air at the same time thus making this a valid UFO.

The object proceeded over the bridge causing both them and other motorists to stop in order to see the object. Just after the object passed, the car's headlights were concealed a sharp glow having no other radius. It headed straight for the large lights on top of the John Hancock building and made a 2 - 3 90° turn and came back over the river and suddenly descended vertically at high speed.

James gave the following description of the object: It was cold and elliptical-shaped, no more than 100 feet in size. No noise could be heard. The bottom of the object was glowing with a pale gray diffused light which changed to a yellowish color.


- page 12 -

SIGHTING ACCOUNTS (Continued)

When the object sped up and accelerated vertically out-of-sight. This glow-light seemed to be dimly thrown a tremendous plastic. The object itself was a dull gray color. The light was compared to that of an automobile headlight, being several blocks away. No flickering or pulsating of the light was noticed. It was observed through a windshield. The object's apparent size was compared to that of a silver dollar held at arm's length. Its true size was estimated to be the size of the average automobile. The object moved at a speed estimated between 100-150 mph before disappearing vertically at greater speed. Its height as compared with the John Hancock building's tower light would be over 26 stories high or about 275-300 feet.

(James is endeavoring to persuade his friend to fill out a UFO DATA SHEET. I will send any further information obtained later.)

NEAR FENWAY PARK - 8:30*

WITNESSES #3 & 4
Mr. & Mrs. David Randlett
28 Howe Street,
Wellesley, Massachusetts

Both witnesses say a low-flying object heading toward Fenway Park (See Map #1) which was described as an inverted square with a round circular white light which glowed like a house-lamp. No noise was heard. Its light was steady except for an occasional blink. It hovered momentarily at one point. It was last seen heading for the Charles River. Its was focused that what was seen was not an advertising plane. Further details are pending upon receipt of a filled-out UFO DATA SHEET.

TV-RADIO STATION WBZ - 8:50-8:54 PM

(Witnesses' names obtained through WHDH member at Greater Square, WBZ News Commentator)

WITNESS #5
Robert Zagarella
(name may not be published)
405 Suffolk Street
Malden, Massachusetts
Age: 32
Occupation: WBZ Special Police

Robert was in the WBZ parking lot when a bright light illuminated the lot. He looked up and saw a large circular light above him. He ran into the WBZ lobby and brought Mrs. David Sinclair, who was in the reception room, to see it. A film technician came out to see it as well. Robert's description of the object was as follows: It made no noise, however, moved slightly and suddenly. It was a very bright light which seemed to be blurred out gradually. It had no definite shape and moved from one point to another with great speed.


- page 13 -

SIGHTING ACCOUNTS ( Continued )

The apparent size was that of a basketball held at arm's length. The real size was an estimated 25 feet long. No estimate was ventured regarding the object's distance from him.

[Sketch from data sheet with annotations: "WINDOWS", "LIGHT FLASHING ON AND OFF"]

Sketch From Data Sheet

WITNESS # 6
Mrs. Doris Ann Sinclair
(name may not be published)
420 Lowell Street,
Lexington, Massachusetts
Age: 29
Occupation: Housewife
Receptionists-WBZ

Doris's description is similar to Robert's. The object was noiseless having a solid light or top and a light color. Picked flashed on and off 2 to 3 times. The object was an estimated 1500 feet away by the blue she came out of the building. So 200 ft. To windows were observed. The object was sharply outlined and was the apparent size of a grapefruit. Had a very bright solid light. Doris felt the object went out of view due to distance. Her sketch of the object is as follows:

[Sketch with annotations: "SOLID LIGHT ALL THE TIME", "DARK", "FLASHED ON AND OFF ABOUT 3 TIMES"]

AREA NORTH OF BOSTON - 9:15-9:45 PM

WITNESS # 7
Mrs. Jean Walsh
11 Newhall Road,
Wakefield, Mass.

WITNESS # 8
Susan Collins
10 Linden Street,
Wakefield, Mass.

WITNESS # 9
Mrs. John Zappala
c/o Shop
R.R. 3, Lynnfield, Mass.

WITNESS # 10
Dr. Richard Maloney
Occluding Park
Wakefield, Mass.

SEE NEWSREEL ATTACHED:
WAKEFIELD DAILY ITEM
September 10, 1964


- page 14 -

The image appears to be a typewritten document page with multiple columns of text. However, due to the image quality and scanning, some parts of the text are difficult to read clearly. I will transcribe the text as best as I can:

[Left column, partially legible]
MICROFILM REEL NO.
DATE OF OBSERVATION
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
SOURCE
EVALUATION

[Middle column, partially legible]
LOCATION
DATE OF REPORT
SOURCE
EVALUATION

[Right column, partially legible]
SUMMARY

The rest of the text is too blurry or faded to confidently transcribe without risking introducing errors. Large portions of the text are illegible due to the poor image quality.


- page 15 -

