PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
   Jan 64

2. LOCATION
   Anderson, South Carolina

3. SOURCE
   Civilian

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
   [X] Ground-Visual   [ ] Ground-Radar
   [ ] Air-Visual     [ ] Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
   [ ] Yes   [X] No   Alleged marks

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
   Not reported

7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
   One

8. COURSE
   (?)

9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
   These called NASA to have car checked for radioactivity. Called newspapers. Car checked and activity noted. Warmer Robbins AFB, Cannon attributed to "SE Elmo's Fire" and AFRO Command post informed Warmer Robbins that no report was necessary since the cause was not unidentified. Sighting reported due to inquiry by letter from citizen regarding the report that the car was radioactive as carried over the news services.

10. CONCLUSIONS
    [ ] Was Balloon
    [ ] Probably Balloon
    [ ] Possibly Balloon
    [ ] Was Aircraft
    [ ] Possibly Aircraft
    [ ] Was Astronomical
    [ ] Possibly Astronomical
    [X] Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation
    [ ] Unknown

11. COMMENTS
    Description of sighting more closely parallels ball lightning observation.


- page 1 -

This appears to be a mostly blank form document with multiple columns and rows. The header indicates it is some kind of official form, with "STATION" printed near the top. Most of the cells and fields are empty. The document looks like a standardized reporting or logging form from the 1960s, with various pre-printed sections for data entry, but no specific text or data has been filled in on this particular page.


- page 2 -

Visible text:

UNCLASSIFIED

DATE 28 JUN 64

(13)

[The rest of the document appears to be a form with mostly blank lines and columns, with some faint markings that are not clearly legible. The document seems to be an official form with grid lines and spaces for data entry.]


- page 3 -

M/r: Phone Conversations of 20 July 1964

Called FAA at Anderson, South Carolina regarding a sighting on 20 Jun 64. Talked with Mr Woodcock of FAA. Mr Woodcock was the one who supposedly checked Mr [redacted] car with a geiger counter. Mr Woodcock is Chief of the FAA Facility at Anderson, South Carolina. Mr Woodcock checked the car with geiger counter and found NO, repeat, NO radioactivity. Mr [redacted] called the FAA, contacted the funeral director, and newspaper reporters who accompanied him to the FAA facility. FAA representatives believed the sighting was attributed to Saint Elmo's fire and referred Mr [redacted] to Warner Robbins AFB, Georgia.

Sgt Moody contacted Warner Robbins AFB, base PIO, Mr Hudson. [redacted] talked with the Chief of Security, stated that 2 - 3 men were in the car and that the object scared the paint on the car. Chief of Security (Mr Parkison) contacted the FAA and called the AFLO command post. The AFLO command post stated that no report would need to be submitted since it was not unidentified and was believed to be caused by Saint Elmo's fire. Weather conditions included lightning and thunderstorms in the area. The O B also had reports of a sighting at Toccoa, Georgia. However, this report consisted of newspaper articles only and no official report was made to the Air Force. The duty officer will forward copies of the newspaper articles and any other information which he may have.


- page 4 -

HEADQUARTERS
WARNER ROBINS AIR MATERIEL AREA
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Robins Air Force Base, Georgia

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: MCIL

SUBJECT: News Clippings on UFOs

TO: HQ AFCIN-1A2 (Quintanilla)
Wright Patterson AFB Ohio

1. Telephone conversations on 20 Jul 64 between Sgt. Moody,
Mr. and Mrs. Hudson, Tenn.

2. Attached are copies of the newspaper clippings on stories about
Unidentified Flying Objects in the Northeast Georgia area.

3. These are possibly separate from the UFO report out of Anderson,
S.C. on or about 29 Jun 64. In that case, witnesses were referred
FIA to Robins AFB Security and Law Enforcement Division. Mr. Parkerson,
Public Security, talked with WRAM and Mr. ATLO accordingly and it was
agreed that the Anderson UFO was St. Clair's fire because of the weather
(strong winds), speed, etc. It was further agreed that no written report
would be submitted by Robins.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of Lt. Colonel]
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Office of Information

1 Atch
News Clippings


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the newspaper clipping:

THURSDAY, JULY 16, 1964—The Macon Telegraph

Flying Objects Puzzle North Georgia Residents

TOCCOA, Ga. (UPI) — Residents of this North Georgia area say some Keeping their eyes peeled and noses open for unidentified flying objects.

The UFO was first sighted the night of June 30 when D.C. Welford of Spartanburg, S.C., reported seeing a huge, spinning top about the size of an automobile. It had a brilliant glow and an offensive odor, he said.

Welford was near the South Carolina border when he sighted the weird contraption. A vector counter test showed a radioactivity on his car.

One week later to the day Mrs. Fred Rodacker of Talbotfalls and a group of neighbors were sitting in her front yard when a rural area when a subsequently to look dipping fire. They also smelled an offensive odor connected with the thing.

The next Tuesday night, one week later, little Patty Upton came running into her house in near hysteria. She said a friend were riding a highway and a star-studded sky when the UFO flying low and smelling bad, came into sight.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Strange Objects
Creating a Furor

By TOM WINFIELD

GAINESVILLE, GA.—Reports of unidentified flying object sightings here in northeast Georgia have created a furor of excitement among inhabitants of this area—especially among those who claim they have seen an unearthly apparatus circling overhead.

I was called Tuesday night and in the television was so about 11 p.m. and told to come had they decided to turn it off.

At White Embry, STOPS OVER GARDEN
They went out to sit on the
front porch. Right away, one of them sighted something moving along at treetop level. The object moved within 200 feet of the house, hovered, and then crossed the highway over a garden at the home of Mrs. Russ Hickman. It made no noise.

LEAVES OVER GARDEN
At that was visible was the bottom side. From the dark top side three were three lights in a row—red, clear, red.

They said the object was hovering and hovered only several hundred feet above the garden. When it did, a brilliant green light shone from the bottom, flooding the forest.

LEAVES OVER GARDEN
One of the witnesses described it as "something like a brake fluid color" but no one seemed to know exactly what the color was.

Frightened, one of them, called Hubbard Sheriff A. J. Clarkesville and arrived only a few short moments after the object reappeared high overhead and moving away.

The sheriff corroborated the presence of the other and other witnesses who said they had seen this object.

SIGHTER COMPLAINS
The sighters did not seem to want to talk about it and did not particularly care whether or not I believed their story.

Mrs. Hickman complained she was tired and drawn and her face was red after the object left. Her daughter, Diane, 16, told me that the next morning her face was red and drawn and her eyelids were swollen and were almost closed.

I was told that they would not take her daughter to a doctor because they would think they were crazy.

The July 13, 1964 date is noted in the top right corner of the newspaper clipping.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

THE MACON NEWS, Thursday, July 16, 1964

Unidentified Flying Object With Bad Smell Reported in Toccoa

TOCCOA, Ga. (UPI) - The late night of June 30 by D. E. Welford and a fighter counter Toccoa resident said a large, Spartanburg, S. C. driver, clerk said a strange flying object with a bad smell was sighted near here.

Welford said a fighter counter clerk at his car here shortly after midnight dipped frequently to they say the weird contraption, terrible, smelled something like a dead mackerel, climbed mostly Caroline Moore hill last Tuesday night and to a height of several hundred feet and left a bad smell and oh, as they were using binoculars.

One near Tuesday night, while Fred Roddecker of Toccoa City Cafe was home a watch near their father described as near here. They used telescopes, according to the Macon Herald.


- page 8 -

MEMORANDUM FOR DIRECTOR OF LEGISLATIVE LIAISON, SAF-03
COLONEL POE, SAF-LLI

SUBJECT: Inquiry of Mr. [redacted] Concerning Unidentified Flying Objects
Attached is draft of reply to Mr. [redacted]

In further reference to Unidentified Flying Objects.

Also attached are two additional letters received
in this Division at the same time. Our reply to Mr.
[redacted] covers all three letters.

JESSE E. SKY
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Public Information Division
Office of Information

2. Attachments
1. Draft of Reply
2. Basic Correspondence augmented
   by two additional letters

[A coordination table at the bottom of the page is mostly blank, with only partial entries visible]


- page 9 -

DRAFT/SAF-OIPY/H.Gaisey/7030/21 July 64

This is in reply to your letters of recent date addressed to the Secretary of Defense and to members of the Air Force. In further reference to Unidentified Flying Objects.

The Project Blue Book Office at Wright Patterson Air Force Base has queried the personnel of Anderson Airport, South Carolina, concerning the report of an unidentified flying object by Mr. Woodcock of the Federal Aviation Agency at Anderson stated unequivocally that he found no trace of radio-activity on Mr. [redacted] car when he tested it with a Geiger counter. Mr. Woodcock informed personnel at Warner Robins Air Force Base, Georgia, of this incident, and it was investigated by personnel at that Base. The phenomena was determined to be St. Elmo's Fire. The report was not forwarded to the investigating office at Wright Patterson since it was evaluated on the spot and there was no need for additional investigation.

The Air Force will continue its investigation of unidentified flying objects from the standpoint of defense of our country. Reports will continue to be analyzed and evaluated, and releases made to the public when warranted.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

5109 S.W.5th Terrace
Miami, Florida
13 August 1964

Project Blue-Book Inf.Officer,
The Pentagon, Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

In reference to my letter concerning a UFO sighting by a Mr. Beauford Parham of Welford, South Carolina and investigation of his sighting on the night of 28 June 1964.

I have heard from Mr. J.A. Lang Administrative Assistant of the Air Force in regards to your findings of 'Ball-lightning' being the extent of Mr.Parham's experience. Also that his car was found, after questioning of the F.F.A. officials of Anderson Field, S.C. NOT TO BE RADIOACTIVE.

Today I received a signed letter from Mr.Parham who states you were given 'false information' by the F.F.A. men who in conversation with Mr.Parham stated 'they didn't believe in U.F.O.'s'. Mr.Parham has three (3) witnesses to the original readings on his car and THEY WERE RADIOACTIVE. I do not believe the investigation has been thorough enough to warrant the conclusion of 'ball-lightning' and feel most serious that this investigation be gone into more carefully.

The three witnesses Mr.Parham has are (3) reporters and they were 'shocked' to hear of the untruths told by F.F.A. officials to the Government Investigators. I don't consider this case closed and would like your comment and further evaluation of same as soon as possible.

Mr.Parham can be contacted for further information or I can send you a photo-copy of his signed letter.

Mr.Parham insists it was a 'clear, cloudless night' and that his encounter was not imaginary or a hallucination. I don't see how this account from a sincere reputable eye-witness to something of


- page 11 -

HEADQUARTERS
WARNER ROBINS AIR MATERIEL AREA
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Robins AFB, Georgia, 31024

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: WREZ

SUBJECT: News Clippings on UFOs

TO: HQ FTFD (THE - Maj. Quintanilla)
Wright Patterson AFB Ohio

1. Reference telephone conversations on 20 Jul 64 between Sgt. Moody, FTD, and Mr. Hudson, WRK.

2. Attached are copies of the newspaper clippings on stories about Unidentified Flying Objects in the Northeast Georgia area.

3. These are possibly separate from the UFO report out of Anderson, S.C. on or about 29 June 64. In that case, witnesses were referred by F.A. to Robins AFB Security and Law Enforcement Division. Mr. Parkerson, Robins Security, talked with WRARA and Hq AFIC command posts and it was agreed that the Anderson UFO was St. Elmo's Fire because of the weather (story night), speed, etc. It was further agreed that no written report would be submitted by Robins.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
GLEN B. GOLDSMITH
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Office of Information

1 Atch
News Clippings


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

great importance to the citizens of this country be ignored or passed off as a natural phenomena and feel justifiably entitled to a official statement as regards the former investigation and any new information that may be uncovered. It is not to the credit of The Blue Book Information Div. to base their assumptions and final verdict on a phone conversation to apparently produced views of the F.F.A. men at Anderson Field.

The oily-spots left on Mr.Parham's car are still in evidence "...for all to see" after repeated washings. WHY ? Were these facts not looked into before this case was 'written-off'?

Thanking you for any information you may uncover, I am,

Alberto P. Miligno.
Member of:
Nat.Invest.Comm.Assn.Preon.
Washington, D.C.
Maj.D.E.Keyhoe, Direct.

MIAMI, FLORIDA.

PROJECT BLUE-BOOK INFORMATION OFFICER,
HQ, USAF (SAFOI-PB)
THE PENTAGON, WASHINGTON, D.C.

AIR MAIL....


- page 13 -

DATA PROCESSING DIVISION
CLIMATIC CENTER, USAF
Air Weather Service (MATS)
Asheville, North Carolina

[Most of the text in the body of the document is illegible due to poor image quality. Only the header and letterhead are clearly visible.]

[A signature appears at the bottom of the document, but the name is not clearly legible.]


- page 14 -

SAF-LI/Poa/jm/77617/27 Jul 64
SAFLL: 302987
UFO

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

This is in reply to your letter of recent date addressed to the Secretary of Defense and to members of the Air Force, in further reference to unidentified flying objects.

The Project Blue Book Office at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base has queried the personnel of Anderson Air Force Station, South Carolina, concerning the report of an unidentified flying object by Mr. [redacted]. Mr. Woodcock of the Federal Aviation Agency at Anderson stated that he found no record of radio-activity on Mr. [redacted]'s car when he tested it with a Geiger counter. Mr. Woodcock informed personnel at the Base, George Hicks, George Lunsick, and it was investigated by personnel at that Base. The phenomena was determined to be St. Elmo's fire. The report was not forwarded to the Wright-Patterson since it was evaluated on the spot and there was no need for additional investigation.

The Air Force will continue its investigation of unidentified flying objects from the standpoint of our agency. Reports will continue to be analyzed and evaluated, and releases made to the public when warranted.

Sincerely,
[Signature]

15 Jul rec'd SAFL
16 Jul rec'd A/O
16 Jul 2nd AFSAF-OIP
21 Jul memo fm AFSAF-OIP, Col Stay
27 Jul 2/1 prep/fwd

[Redacted location]
Miami, Florida


- page 15 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: SAUCER NEWS, VOL II, NO 3, SEP 64

29 Jun 64
Lavonia, Georgia

MAN BURNED BY FLYING SAUCER IN GEORGIA: A thoroughly frightening occurrence happened on the night of June 29th to a North Carolina motorist named Samuel Parham, who was driving along a highway near the town of Lavilla, Georgia. Suddenly a circular object came hissing down from the sky and stopped. Mr. Parham, like a burning bird, flew at his automobile. Parham was traveling at about 70 miles per hour at the time, but as the object came near, the car's engine began slowing down. The UFO was about the size of his car top, and was approximately six feet in height. (See drawing below.)

The object then came to a direct opposite direction, like a giant top, according to Parham, whose arm was painfully burned. He said that when the UFO followed his car a substance on the chromed portion of his automobile, and there were marks found on the roof. Parham said that the object made two passes at him, and left behind an odor "smelling like embalming fluid." The UFO followed his car at close range for a considerable distance, and gave off terrific heat. Parham said that he could see numerous holes or openings in the craft, through which a yellow flame was visible, burning inside.

There were strange fin-like attachments around the outer edge. Parham was so frightened by the incident that he could hardly continue driving, and by the time he was finally lost sight of the UFO, he was fumbling badly. Later, a Federal Aviation Agency team checked the surfaces of the automobile and found that they had definitely come in contact with radioactivity. Here, then, is still another case of physical evidence of the reality of UFO's.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a UFO is included, showing a circular disc-like object with fin-like protrusions and multiple circular openings.]


- page 16 -

Information Only
Source:

Lavonia, Georgia
29 June 1964

Object buzzes car

We are indebted to Mrs. Charlotte Parham, wife of a sales executive from an unnamed firm, who said on Thursday this week in Georgia by an unidentified flying object.

"Parham said the incident occurred on Monday night (June 29) when driving near Lavonia in northwestern Georgia. He said a circular object, which made a hissing sound, made two passes at his car but flew away when he pulled off the road and turned off his lights.

"He was travelling about 65 or 70 miles per hour," Parham said. "But when the object approached, the car's engine began to slow down."

The described the flying object as circular, about the length of his car top and six feet high. He said its bottom portion was whirling in one direction and the upper part in the opposite direction. It resembled a giant top, Parham said the object was near and hovered his car, seeming to have a humming fluid and had fin-like attachments around its outer edges.

A local Albert Myrick, a radio technician, and other FFA personnel looked over Parham's car and relaxed his story to Warner Robbins Air Force Base in Georgia.

"Myrick said he was naturally skeptical of all such reports, but added that Parham 'gave a vivid account and I believe he really thought he saw something. He appeared to be on the level.'"

"Myrick said the top of Parham's late model car was covered with oily spots which Parham thought may have been fuel from the flying object. He said these spots seemed to indicate the car had come in contact with a radioactive object," Myrick said.


- page 17 -

The image appears to be a mostly blank form or document with a grid-like structure. At the top of the page, there is a partially visible header, but most of the text is illegible or cut off. The date "Jul 1964" is partially visible. The document seems to be an official form with various columns and rows, but most of the fields are empty or not clearly readable. The bottom of the page contains additional columns with some faint text, but the details are not clear enough to transcribe accurately.


- page 18 -

The image appears to be a form or data sheet with multiple columns and rows. However, most of the text is too faint or blurry to read clearly. The only legible text I can make out is the word "STATION" at the top of the document. The rest of the text is illegible due to poor image quality and low contrast.


- page 19 -

Date: JUN 30 1964

The document appears to be a weather observation form with various columns and rows for recording meteorological data. Most of the specific entries are difficult to read clearly due to the image quality. The form has sections for wind, time, station, and various other meteorological measurements. At the bottom, there is a "Summary of Day" section with some entries, but the details are not distinctly legible.

The top of the form indicates it is from a weather station, and the date is clearly printed as June 30, 1964.


- page 20 -

At the top of the document, partially legible text reads:
(Affiliated with FAA stations)
MERCI, N.C.

The document appears to be a meteorological or aviation log sheet with multiple columns for recording various data points. The main sections include:
- STATION
- WIND
- Other columns with numerical and coded entries

At the bottom of the document is a section labeled "STATION PRESSURE COMPUTATIONS" which contains additional tables and numerical data.

The document is a black and white scanned image with some edge blurring and dark margins on the left side.

Most of the handwritten entries are difficult to read clearly due to the image quality and scanning resolution.


- page 21 -

