There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation.

DATE - TIME GROUP: 6/5/62 - 12:52
LOCATION: Dayton, Ohio
SOURCE: Astronomical (ARONTJUNC)
CONCLUSION: Asteroid in area of observed object. 290 deg azimuth. Case closed.
NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 45 minutes
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
COURSE: 
PHOTOS: No
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a filled-out U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements or conclusions unless this is requested and you agree. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 6 September 1964
2. Time of day: 0830 Hours (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Dayton, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Estimated b. Timed c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day b. Night c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right N/A

- page 2 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document page. The document appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report, containing a questionnaire with various questions and options for the witness to fill out regarding their sighting of an unidentified object.

OCR output:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): None, Many, None remember 
8.2 MOON (Circle One): Bright moonlight, Full moon, No moonlight, don't remember
9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): Clear, Scattered clouds, Hazy, Overcast 
WEATHER (Circle One): Fog, mist, or light rain, Moderate or heavy rain, Snow, Don't remember
10. The object appeared: (Circle One): Solid, Transparent, Vapor, Don't remember
11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): Brighter, Dimmer, About the same, Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: Brighter than a car headlight or a similar object.
12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): Fuzzy or blurred, Clear, bright lines, Other, Don't remember
13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, No, Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes, No, Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes, No, Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes, No, Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes, No, Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes, No, Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes, No, Don't know

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes - turned all wait for sometime to southeast.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(If moved behind:) Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Nil
b. Color Pale blue-white or steelly

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or gun's length in line with the known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
2 Bout name 3/4 inch

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(No drawing provided)

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1 tO? mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At an open country site
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In an open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _NO_ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No
f. Theodolite Yes No
g. Other Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

Bright star

- page 5 -

The image contains a sketch depicting how the observer should visualize the height of an object above the horizon. It shows a curved line representing the horizon, with points labeled to indicate how the object's elevation can be determined. There is also a compass rose illustration in the corner of the image. However, there is no photographic image present in this particular page.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object. 

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" or the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. government program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text found in the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   - 
 ___ Day  ___ Month   ___ Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaie or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire filled out by the witness.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
31 Aug - 13 Sept - 29 Aug - Power Line (Lights) Dayton, Ohio

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES NO
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Name and address redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [First and last name redacted]
ADDRESS: [Street address, city, state redacted] 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Telephone number redacted]
AGE: 39  SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
Aviation Buff

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
FTD Party Officer

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. The text on the page consists of various measurements and observations related to an unidentified object sighting, including the time, location, and angle of the object relative to the horizon.

ECHO II DATA, DAYTON, OHIO
At 02.23 am Sep 02 East of City, 50 degrees above horizon moving SE
At 02.45 am Sep 02 West of City, 55 degrees above horizon moving SE
At 02.02 am Sep 03 East of City, 11 degrees above horizon moving SE
At 03.50 am Sep 03 South of City, 75 degrees above horizon moving SE
At 03.36 am Sep 04 East of City, 05 degrees above horizon moving SE
At 03.18 am Sep 04 North of City, 27 degrees above horizon moving SE
At 05.14 am Sep 04 West of City, 13 degrees above horizon moving SE
At 02.49 am Sep 05 North of City, 11 degrees above horizon moving SE
At 04.46 am Sep 05 West of City, 29 degrees above horizon moving SE
At 02.30 am Sep 05 East of City, 35 degrees above horizon moving SE
At 04.20 am Sep 05 West of City, 34 degrees above horizon moving SE
At 02.04 am Sep 07 East of City, 23 degrees above horizon moving SE
At 03.32 am Sep 07 West of City, 55 degrees above horizon moving SE

MARVIN H. STANCOMBE
Section No.
American Phenomena Branch

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a form filled out as part of a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible regarding the unidentified aerial object you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be divulged to anyone and only the information pertaining to the sighting will be retained. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 1 Sept 62
2. Time of day: 7:15 ( Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern, 2. Central, 3. Mountain, 4. Pacific, 5. Other __________
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Day Road City or Town Dayton State or County Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 minutes 0 seconds Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was object first determined? Fairly certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY - Bright, Clear
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you, b. Behind you, c. To your left, d. To your right
FTD DDe 1164 This form supersedes FTD 86, Jul 81, which is obsolete.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire or survey about the observer's sighting.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight, pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Day, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Drizzle or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Sharply defined, c. Other (handwritten)

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each): a. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes, No, Don't know; b. Suddenly stand still at any time? Yes, No, Don't know; etc.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document.

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No sound
b. Color, changes on top to red & blue

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Appeared to be 25

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and specifically show trails or vapor trails.
(A sketch is provided in the image)
South to North

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) 
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you see or any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: (Circle all that apply) 
a. Eyeglasses  Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield  Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars  Yes No
f. Telescope  Yes No
g. Theodolite  Yes No
h. Other ___________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

7+ winds clear low light builtup appeared 11-20 feet

- page 13 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a project blue book document containing text and diagrams related to UFO sightings.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

90°
75°
60°
45°
30°
15°
0°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

The text on the page is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

AUGUST 5, 1964

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)  
Yes
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
MRS. WIRE, WIRE & DAUGHTER, DAYTON, OHIO

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 76
SEX: F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
MAY 6, 1964
PROJECT BLUE BOOK

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank page from an old document or report, with some text and form fields visible at the top.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   21   Aug.    64

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing a detailed report form with fields for various details about the reported UFO sighting.

5.82 - 6. 05/26/1964
DAYTON, OHIO
CIVILIAN
ONE
10 MINUTES
GROUND-VISUAL
CONTENTS: ECHO II OVER DAYTON AT 0420 ON 5 SEPTEMBER 1964. FAST AND SLOW PERIODS OF MOTION. CHANGED BRIGHTNESS, SPEED OF MOTION. IN SIGHT 6-7 MINUTES UNTIL LOST TO SIGHT FROM MOTION. CARRIED AS AN ECHO OBSERVATION.

- page 17 -

