PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
1 Jul 64

2. LOCATION
Clearwater, Florida

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local - 1st Jul 64
GMT - 05 1800Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes

6. SOURCE
Civilian and Military

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Multiple

9. COURSE
Falling

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Ground sighting during fireworks display. Reportedly described as lights in sky. Over 50 letters sent to AF for identification.

11. COMMENTS
Pilot of light a/c dropped 5 railroad flares with 11 ft. parachutes adding to the a/c of only multiple. Time is drop at 10,000 ft. and all went out at about 7,500 ft. Drop of 10-15 seconds apart.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Everyone
Baffled By
Red Lights

Six mysterious red lights which appeared over the gulf of Clearwater Beach Saturday night remained a mystery today.

Capt. R. E. Henry, public information officer at MacDill Air Force Base, Tampa, was in Clearwater to view the strange lights but didn't see them.

He asked that people who saw such phenomena send details to the Air Force, in care of his office.

Coast A. J. Guillemette, executive officer of the U.S. Coast Guard station, and Lt. James St. Germaine, declared that the Coast Guard had absolutely no knowledge of any such occurrence.

At the St. Petersburg Junior College planetarium, she wasn't heard any comment about the object. Among personnel there, she doubted that anyone in the planetarium had seen the lights.

Clearwater police also had no information that might lead to a solution to the mystery.

This anyone contacted comic strip character Lucille Sweeney was indignant.

AF Seeking
Photos Of
Sky Lights

"Excellent response" by observers was reported yesterday to some strange red lights in the sky during the fourth of July fireworks display was recorded here morning by Capt. Raymond B. Henry, chief of the information division, MacDill Air Force Base, Tampa.

Since The Sun and published his request for information about the strange lights, Capt. Henry said he had received more than 50 letters.

"People seem to want to get any pictures of the lights," he added, "we'd certainly like to see them."

The information officer explained that he is not an expert on "unidentified flying objects" but is referred as a collection to forward all reports to Washington, where "Project Blue Book" analyzes and studies each report.

The Air Force, Capt. Henry said, wants any available information on any aerial phenomena or unusual sightings of a project of unusual nature or characteristics.

Interest is based on three points: Because of "a possible scientific breakthrough," because of "technical characteristics" and in the interest of learning "it is desirable to identify all flying objects."

6 July 64
CLEARWATER SUN

7 July 64
CLEARWATER SUN


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

July 7-64

Sir,
I observed the red lights on the ship over the Gulf on July 6 on the 7th. This white (?) plane was in a straight line. The (?) still moves somewhat and seems to be moving (?) around the other line. We can see, now I see it was a time, at the far right of the page lights (?) for you.

I watched the lights from full some. The second from the left full always and was still a glow as it then appeared. I saw the cargo. In a few moments the first third and fifth were full. In about one the min. (?) was full. We went out. Helped me see it will. The cargo. The planes of the light then seemed to move over the Gulf.

I turn up like what it could be. We feel looking at this shows

[Note: Some words are difficult to read with complete certainty, so I've transcribed them as closely as possible to what I can discern.]


- page 3 -

Here is the text I can discern from the image:

our full [something] but can't
to distinguish [something] on, particular
[something]

A portion of the text is obscured by a black redaction mark, making some words illegible. The text appears to be handwritten and partially cut off or difficult to read completely.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Capt. R.H. Henry
Public Information Center
Minehaha Air Force Base
Tamps, Florida

(There is also a postmark and wavy postal lines visible, but the specific details are partially obscured)


- page 5 -

System R H Honey
Field Information Officer
ATIC & P.O.
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

This memo regards to your request to augment newly the last flight on 8/8/64 to render in these descriptions of this sighting. My future claims as a retired merchant marine captain and I work as a position shore on the Lear Force. If this form sure over can a phenomenon such as this.

The lights appeared to be stationary, equally spaced from me on this and in a fairly straight position. The had a pair of 7x50


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some words are partially illegible due to handwriting quality]

[First line appears partially illegible]
... with ... 11 p.m. evening

... lights with ... nothing much

... period. The lights were stationary

... parked up and we brought the
... at change the frames toward

aircraft passing from west lights,
... in ... the view that the lights
of ground ... is further away.

Then lights when they "went out"
... then at lights going out gradually
... to fade away, slightly moved inside
... the light through the ground
... turned as if the light turned
... it seemed a dark solid, as no
light was on, as the flow is going out
... is a careful detail frame.

[Bottom of page has two black redaction/censorship marks]


- page 7 -

Capt. R. H. Denny
2nd Info. Office
Macdill AFB, Box 6
Tampa, Florida

(There is also a postmark visible, but the text is partially obscured)


- page 8 -

July 7, 1964

Capt. R.J. Hening
Satellite Information Officer
Mitchell AFB, N.Y.

Dear Capt. Hening:
In a vehicle on the Clearwater Beach, dated July 6th, approx. who saw these, and flight of the sky over Clearwater Beach on the hotel at 8:30 pm were required to send other description of the lights to the Rite Funeral in care of your office.

My officially, I was out in near that west send to the Clearwater Beach, watching the fire works, while at approximately 8:30 pm we watched some such lights in the sky out near the


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

2
Reilly, directly off Clearwater
Reilly. Fifty mile away at
distance, observe in old light
an aircraft off the light on right
to the wing of the light in right
now. The wind was strong at
clock near, & circle the other
the speed remained stationary close
for ten or fifteen minutes, then
when one of them violently, down
in straight line slowly down & went
off the low the horizon, &
to the right. I do the light
disappear & on the dark house
roughly following each 77 the
other at it moved along, then
until it disappeared, then


- page 10 -

would return to again circle
the once seeming. It the
supply coming flight - was
the last to disappear.
from here to the 14th my
knowledge, no or neither
account of what happened, as
I can lift to your have any
idea what it was, or what
caused them?

Sincerely,

[The signature and name are redacted/blacked out]


- page 11 -

The text on this page is very faint and partially illegible. I can make out some words and partial sentences, but cannot confidently reproduce the full text. There appears to be a black redaction mark at the top of the page, and a page number "18" in the top right corner. The text appears to be typed, but the image quality makes complete OCR challenging.


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Lights Said
Released
By Airplane

There was nothing mysterious about the lights spotted over Clearwater last night, a spokesman for MacDill Air Force Base said today. C. Dayton Mercer, local command photographic officer, who said some of the lights were seen from the time they first appeared until their disappearance, said:

"It was a very clear night and they were very distinct," he said. "They were obviously released by an airplane and that completely visible and that they were seen circling in the air until they died."

Snyder's observation Drive last was the scene of the sighting. Mr. and Mrs. Snyder were spending the evening with friends. All of whom witnessed the lights.

The lights were seen in a logical sequence for display purposes as Snyder added.

7 July 54
CLEARWATER SUN

Mysterious
Lights Solved

The secret is out. Those who saw a series of mysterious lights over Clearwater's north shore during the Fourth of July fireworks display did not come from the red planet Mars or outer space. In fact, they originated right here in Clearwater.

Administrator of the prank was James Mercer, owner of a local newspaper, who admits he is the one feeling a bit sheepish as the newspaper accounts of the phenomenon.

Mercer said he released small parachutes with a small plane during the last firing, containing old colored flares. He released them from a height of 10,000 feet. The chutes, each suspended in about 75 thousand and got their glowing burning out.

9 July 54
CLEARWATER SUN


- page 13 -

The text on this page is completely redacted/blacked out with a thick black line covering what appears to be text. No legible text is visible.


- page 14 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible. There is a faint postage stamp or postal marking in the top right corner of the document. A large section of text in the middle of the page appears to have been redacted with black marker, creating thick horizontal black lines obscuring whatever text was originally there.


- page 15 -

Capt. R. H. Hemy
Public Information Officer
Macket Air Force Base
Tampa Fla.


- page 16 -

Clearwater, Fla
July 8, 1964

Capt. A. H. Hemy
Public Information Officer
Mac Dill Air Force Base
Tampa, Fla.

Dear Sir:-

My husband and I saw the night lights in the sky on Saturday July 4th. So as much as they were stationary, we were watching them with interest. They flickered on and off a few times, then stayed on a very high, tense, then blinked off and on again, then stationary, which part we felt, was as we know they could not be flares. We watched for about twenty minutes (roughly). So do not presume how long they were up there. These are two high planes now where we are watching, but no doubt of the other two lights.

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 17 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Capt R. H. Munge
Public Information Office
HQ NORAD, Ent AFB
Colo. AFB, Colo.

There is also a postmark stamp and a postage stamp on the document. The image appears to be an envelope or letter page with a stylized aircraft or UFO sketch at the top left of the page.


- page 18 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

Dear Sir:

[Several lines are partially illegible]

[Some numbers/digits: 60 0 0 0]

Left the one on the right off first at located as the left went to
[remainder of text becomes increasingly difficult to read with full confidence]

Note: Some parts of the text are very faint or blurry, making complete accurate transcription challenging. I have only output the text I can confidently read.


- page 19 -

Partially legible text at the top of the page:

"exp & had a long"
"Safely passed"
"1/7"

There is a large black redaction/censorship mark in the center of the document. The page appears to be a document from a UFO report file, with a mostly blank white background.


- page 20 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

U.S. Air Force of
[partially illegible text]
[partially illegible text]
[partially illegible text]
George Clark

There is a page number "1" at the bottom of the page, and there are two blacked out/redacted sections - one larger black mark on the left side of the page and a smaller one on the right side near a stamp or marking.


- page 21 -

The text on this page is very faint and partially illegible. I can make out some fragments of text, but cannot confidently reproduce the full text. The page appears to be a document with some writing, but the details are too blurry to accurately transcribe. There is a handwritten number "21" in the top right corner of the page, and a large black redaction/censorship mark at the top of the document.


- page 22 -

The text on this page is very faint and partially illegible. I can make out some fragments of text, but cannot confidently reproduce the full text. The bottom portion of the page contains a black redaction/censorship bar. The image appears to be a scanned document with a white background and black text that is difficult to read due to low contrast and image quality.


- page 23 -

TWDY/ad Quintanilla, Jr/Jack Spang
UFO Sighting (Clearwater, Florida, 4 Jul 64)       23 Aug 64

Intelligence Office
Hq AFMDC Wing
MacDill AFB, Florida
Attn: Lt Gerald W Palmer, AO 313125

1. Reference Letter 3756th Air Division (MAC), mol. 20 Jul 64, pertaining to above matter.

2. This office is doing a detailed case study of this particular sighting. As the details of the incident are now well known, the many answers and conclusions are valuable in that they may give some insight into the objectivity of UFO observations. Therefore, would you or OASD (PA) obtain or have access to the following, including interest, smaller landmarks, and the key area: lack of data into this approximate position of the sighting display and time of the event.

3. Your cooperation in this case is appreciated.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC H. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Logistics


- page 24 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Capt. JR H. Sleany
mailed at Air Free
Tampa
Florida

There is a postage stamp in the top right corner of the document. The bottom of the page contains a large black shape that appears to be a redacted or blacked-out section.


- page 25 -

I apologize, but while I can see the document is a handwritten page, much of the text is difficult to read clearly. Some words and phrases are legible, but many sections are obscured by black redaction marks or are too blurry to confidently transcribe. The parts I can make out are fragmentary and incomplete. Without being able to guarantee accuracy, I cannot provide a full transcription of the text.


- page 26 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Air Force
Capt M.G. Harp
New Hill Air Force Base
Wright Eleven
Attn: Collection

There is also a postmark and postage stamp visible in the top right corner of the document.


- page 27 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

July 8, 1964

72. The 20 ft

16 2 way if fog 5th 1800
in Clearwater from

work telling to now 4th
hours display Method 5
and light can now seen
ing now can smaller well
light from point will cloud
the second from the left of
of flight we noted at
hill. then the smaller one
called the others or at once
+ they have (last word illegible)
just gone after the smaller

Note: Some words are partially illegible or difficult to read with complete certainty, so I have transcribed them as best I can.


- page 28 -

The text on the page is partially illegible due to the image quality, but I can make out the following:

[First few lines are difficult to read clearly]

"...West Deckover"

"...that went"

"...this will be of"

"...along my walkup"

"...complete"

"...give me in"

"...Large Meeting at"

"a great distance."

"Sincerely,"

The bottom portion of the document contains a redacted/blacked-out section.


- page 29 -

July 7, 1964

Dear Capt. Henry:

We are complying with your request to write you about seeing the red lights on the night of July.

We were watching the Dundalk Fireworks from our bedroom window at _______ when the first three were out at a time and the last 2 together, all in a straight, evenly spaced horizontal line, 5 in all. They were glowing, bright red similar white light.

There was a smaller white light (about 1/3 the size of the red light) circling on an elliptical course around them. We were outside at this time and nearly 10 minutes. They never moved until approximately 10 seconds from our front yard one of the other 4, still in a row, quickly faded out.

Our son, the 4th party, watched them with his binoculars - in account is as follows: The red toward the westerly side and middle and flickered a bit circular one again. Viewed in the front and at the rear. All else was the same as viewed by the rest of the family.

They were approximately 250 degrees feet of our house by our compass at approximately 25 to 30 degrees. We figured the angle by the house and trees across the street.

We hope this accounting will be of some help to you.

Sincerely,

[Signature area blacked out]
Dundalk, Fla. 21523


- page 30 -

Clearwater, Fla. 33526

(Postmark date: AUG 14 1964)

Capt. R. H. Manny
Public Information Officer,
MacDill Air Force Base,
Tampa, Fla.


- page 31 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to poor image quality. There appears to be some handwritten text at the bottom of the page, but the specific words cannot be clearly made out. There is a small sketch or drawing of what seems to be a person's profile in the top right corner of the page. A dark, blurry object or shape is also visible on the left side of the page.


- page 32 -

The text on the page is handwritten and partially legible. Here is the text I can make out:

Dear [illegible]

[Several lines of text are difficult to read completely]

...space...
...bank...

[Signature line at bottom is partially obscured]

Sincerely,

[Bottom of page has black redaction marks]

The page is numbered "25" in the top right corner.


- page 33 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

P

Capt. W. H. Thunthy
Blue Book Investigation Officer
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Fla.

There is also a postage stamp in the upper right corner of the document.

A large section in the middle of the document is blacked out with thick black lines.


- page 34 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Flares were dropped approx. 3/4 mi west of this island. The path was parallel to the island and the sighting of flares stretched along the entire island.

The map shows various locations:
- Clearwater
- Clearwater Pass
- Belleair
- Belleair Beach
- Indian Rocks Beach
- Fireworks (labeled on the map)
- Belleair Bicyclists Course
- Pelican Course

The map appears to be of the Clearwater, Florida area, showing coastal regions and street layouts.


- page 35 -

The text on the page is partially obscured by black redaction marks. The visible portions of the text read:

Dear Cape
for we will the
army in office to
firmly we are out Clearwater
where we to the Clearwater

The rest of the text is either illegible or covered by black redaction marks. The page is numbered (26) in the top right corner.


- page 36 -

The text on this page is partially legible. Here's what I can make out:

[First paragraph is mostly illegible, with only fragments of words visible]

"...I can clear these sighted... in the sighted... from the... all of the... Clearwater... at sea... that is to say..."

[Middle section is difficult to read clearly]

"Hope you have found our experience to be for the... by you... else we know where you do..."

[The bottom of the page has a signature line, but the signature itself is blacked out]

Some words and phrases are unclear or illegible due to the image quality and handwritten nature of the document.


- page 37 -

Postmark text:
JUL 14
1964
PLA

The rest of the text on the page is illegible due to poor image quality and faintness of the writing.


- page 38 -

The text on the page is partially legible. Here's what I can make out:

[Top of page has a black redaction/censorship bar]

[First paragraph is partially legible, with words like "moving" and "Bay House" visible, but full text is not clear]

[Second paragraph starts with "Of about 8 to 9 PM..." but the rest of the text is difficult to read completely]

Some words and phrases are discernible, but the full context and complete text cannot be reliably transcribed due to the image quality and handwritten nature of the document.


- page 39 -

This image appears to be a map of Largo, Florida. The map shows a detailed grid of streets and city blocks. At the bottom of the map, "LARGO" is clearly printed, and there is a notation for "EAST BAY" in the lower left area of the map. The map is a black and white document with a grid-like layout typical of city or county maps from the mid-20th century.


- page 40 -

Here is the text I can read from the image:

SAFETY HARBOR

COURTNEY CAMPBELL CAUSEWAY

TAMPA BAY

HIGH POINT

ST. PETERSBURG CLEARWATER INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT

SUNSHINE SKYWAY

The image appears to be a map showing areas around Tampa Bay, including Safety Harbor, High Point, and the St. Petersburg Clearwater International Airport. There is a compass rose indicating cardinal directions (North, South, East, West) and various grid lines and road/causeway markings.


- page 41 -

Here is the text from the document:

Welcome to
Clearwater
and its Glorious BEACH

We hope this map will help you to see more of Clearwater - not only the main streets but the lovely residential areas as well. You will find Clearwater a very friendly community - a wonderful place to play and a happy place to live. Clearwater abounds in activities - golf fishing - boating - swimming - shuffleboard - lawn bowling - and more. And from Clearwater you will find all of the Suncoast sights and attractions are at your fingertips or just minutes away.

Notes at bottom left of map:
Flares were dropped approx. 3rd miles West of this island. The path was parallel to the island and the string of flares stretched along the entire island.

Visible map locations include:
- Big Pass
- Dunedin
- Fireworks
- Malone Isl.
- Close Isl.
- Moonshine Island
- Cow Isl.
- Pope Isl.
- Mangrove Key
- Clearwater Pass


- page 42 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Postal Stamp/Postmark]

Capt. P. G. Henry
Information Division
ATIC/SD-1a
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

There is a black redaction mark over part of the postal stamp/postmark. The document appears to be an envelope or mailing document addressed to a Captain at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.


- page 43 -

Clearwater, Fla.                                                                 July 6, 1964

Dear Sir:

On reading the article in the Clearwater Sun on the fourth I thought I'd write you on what I saw. My family and I were on Windward Island and about half a mile southeast of the shore when a cloud called new through the fire works over the bay. Since our attention to the sky was drawn they were walking the jets opened the show we figured at first. My husband said they weren't too high. I sighted a star and watched awhile and they were 2 moving. A good still and steady read when one from the north side of the group circled at front and area and as "a" moved it turned blue and fell. This was then behind the other and circled in sight and then moved again some burning blue one. On the north side it circled in front of our area.

The first one circled in front of me. In line came almost down like a spider here on a raided out almost in the same position as we first saw then in except the one that went almost in down when the first one completed its circle it moved to wait until the next one moved out. When we first saw them in line and the north one we saw then they were all in line and the first one before the supposed was the lead plane circle. By my eye they turned blue I can best describe it like the jets when they hit the after burners. In they were the original color of the while the different color of the after burners at night that I could see until this was. There was a chance that I could see until the thin moved out of formation. Seems to me at times that I could see a line of formation. Maybe fifteen minutes in all.

I hope that what I have seen might be of some help to you.

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 44 -

Visible text:

JUL 7
1964
FLA

The image appears to be a document page with a postmark stamp and a black redacted/blacked-out section on the left side of the page.


- page 45 -

Most of the text on this page appears to be redacted or blacked out with thick black lines. There is a small number "(1)" in the top right corner of the page. The rest of the page is mostly white/blank with black redaction marks.


- page 46 -

Capt R. W. Henry
Public Information Officer
Machetakapetl Blue
Tampa, Fla.

Note: There are also some black redaction marks at the top of the document, but the text above is what I could clearly read from the image.


- page 47 -

Here is the text from the document:

F-117

Capt. R.H. Sleege
Mather Air Force Base
Sacramento, Calif.

Dear Capt. Regarding sighting of unidentified flying object last Saturday night while flying near the coast of California.

During our flight at approximately 8:30 P.M. at given coordinates exactly coast of the state of California 130 miles off the mainland five miles an altitude on the pending five-mile beach.

We sighted a light incredibly bright. The view appeared to be a clear light and kept circling in the vicinity of the area with a command just north of our position. Some light coming from the object which seemed to hover and move erratically. It was however a clear night.

Sincerely


- page 48 -

This image appears to be a map of Dunedin, Florida. The map shows a detailed grid of streets, blocks, and some geographical features. Visible text includes:

DUNEDIN
YORKS
SAND KEYS
GOLF COURSE

The map is divided into grid sections labeled A, B, C, D, E, F vertically and appears to show the layout of streets, blocks, and some landmarks like a golf course. The map is in black and white and looks like a technical or municipal planning document.


- page 49 -

The text on the page is partially legible. I can make out some fragments:

"...ck at the p..."
"...pagn were act..."
"...to decomm..."
"...ck they..."
"...to edit..."

There is a large black redacted/censored section in the middle of the page, and the bottom of the page contains a horizontal line. The rest of the text is too faint or blurry to confidently transcribe.


- page 50 -

Text found in the document:

AFTER FIVE DAYS RETURN TO

Allen Park, Mich

Capt. A. H. Henry
Public Information Officer
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida

Postmark visible with date JUL 8 1964 and location CLA (likely Clearwater)


- page 51 -

13 CONVENIENT OFFICES
LOCATED IN
Allen Park • Ecorse • Lincoln Park
New Boston • Southgate • Taylor

July 6, 1964

Dear Captain Henry,

My wife, myself and
my two children observed
the 12 lights, as we
were leaving the fire display.
We left at approximately
8:25 PM.

The lights appeared to
be about five "Horizon Hoven"
to say at 80,000 per sq mile
when we first objectionable
these lights were stationary
for our whole time the range of a mile.
These lights were stationary

[A portion of the text at the bottom is obscured by a black redaction]


- page 52 -

13 CONVENIENT OFFICES
LOCATED IN
Allen Park • Ecorse • Lincoln Park
New Boston • Southgate • Taylor

There was a smaller
white light, somewhat larger
then a star, that went
in and around the red
lights.
The red lights blinking
and stopped. Clockwise.
As we were traveling
Comets, Diameter we do not
know what seemed after
this.
At our opinion that
these lights were not
any that planes give to
8:00 P.M. We were this


- page 53 -

15 CONVENIENT OFFICES
LOCATED IN
Allen Park • Ecorse • Lincoln Park
New Boston • Southgate • Taylor

opinion on the fact that
were admiring the
clarity of the stars in
the sky as well
watching the sky for the
suggestion of the objects
that originally of his seen
about 9:30

their sky was rather
very impressive, however
a brief describing of the
fact that would help
tracking the formation;
while the other three

[Note: There is a blacked out section at the bottom of the document]

[There is also a logo/letterhead on the top left of the document]


- page 54 -

13 CONVENIENT OFFICES
LOCATED IN
Allen Park • Ecorse • Lincoln Park
New Boston • Southgate • Taylor

There are some handwritten lines that are partially illegible, but appear to read:

[first line illegible]
[second line illegible]

My wife and I are on
vacation here.

My wife is a school
teacher and I am a barber.
We are competent that
the description related here
is correct to the best
of our ability.

Yours truly,
[signature area blacked out]


- page 55 -

13 CONVENIENT OFFICES
LOCATED IN
Allen Park • Ecorse • Lincoln Park
New Boston • Southgate • Taylor


- page 56 -

13 CONVENIENT OFFICES
LOCATED IN
Allen Park • Ecorse • Lincoln Park
New Boston • Southgate • Taylor

NO FIRST IMPRESSION WAS A BIG
PLANE - RED LIGHTS ON ENDS
OF TAIL FINS AND WHITE LIGHT
ON TOP OF THE 3 RED LIGHTS
ON EACH WING ALL COMING
TOWARD US - BUT TOO LARGE
& DON'T MOVE AS STRUCTURE -

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with a central vertical line and horizontal lines/shapes extending from it]

BUT ATES CHANGED & BRIGHTENED
& WHITE LITE STARTED WEARING
AROUND - RED SITES IN A CIRCLE,
PASSED TO THE BACK OF CIRCLE.

[A portion of text is blacked out at the bottom of the page]


- page 57 -

13 CONVENIENT OFFICES
LOCATED IN
Allen Park • Ecorse • Lincoln Park
New Boston • Southgate • Taylor

THEY DROPPED ONE AT
A TIME FROM THE RIGHT
FACING THE CIRCLE & STRAIGHT
DOWN, EXCEPT THE LAST
ONE; IT VEERED TOWARD
THE LEFT.

ALL THIS TOOK PLACE
WITHIN 5 MINUTES!


- page 58 -

This image appears to be a map with the following text:

G H I (at the top of the page)

OLDESMAR (in section 2)

SAFETY HARBOR (in section 4)

Chautauqua (in section 3)

The map shows grid sections numbered 1-5 and includes various roads, boundaries, and what seem to be city or town layouts. The map appears to be of a coastal or bay area, with grid lines and various geographical features marked.


- page 59 -

The text I can see in this image includes:

BEACH
BELLEAIR CAUSEWAY
INDIAN ROCKS BEACH
WALSINGHAM RD
WALSINGHAM RESERVOIR
ANONA

The image appears to be a map or grid showing street layouts and geographical features in what seems to be the Clearwater, Florida area. The map is divided into sections labeled A, B, and C horizontally, and has grid numbers 8, 9, 10, and 11 vertically.


- page 60 -

TAB

A     PILOT'S STATEMENT
B     MEMO PERTAINING TO INVESTIGATION
C     CORRESPONDENCE PERTAINING TO INVESTIGATION
D     CLEARWATER SUN NEWSPAPER ARTICLES
E     WEATHER DATA AND AREA MAP


- page 61 -

Visible text on the map:

LARGO
EAST BAY
COUNTRY CLUB

ULMERTON RD

SEMINOLE

D                 E                 F

Other visible text includes road names and small location markers, but they are too small or blurry to reliably transcribe completely. The image appears to be a map of the Largo and Seminole area in Florida, with grid sections labeled D, E, and F.


- page 62 -

HIGH POINT

ST PETERSBURG
CLEARWATER
INTERNATIONAL
AIRPORT

PINELLAS
COUNTY
DEFENSE HQ

ROOSEVELT

SUNSHINE
SPEEDWAY

CLEARWATER
Chamber of Commerce
Conveniently located at 411 Cleveland Street,
the Chamber of Commerce is ready to serve
you and help you stay in Clearwater more
pleasantly. If you are a visitor or newcomer,
take advantage of the Chamber of Commerce services.

COPYRIGHT 1962 BY WEST COAST PLAN SERVICE
PUBLISHED BY
WEST COAST PLAN SERVICE
1474-A GULF TO BAY BLVD
CLEARWATER, FLA. 442-5520

SCALE
0 1/2 1 MILE


- page 63 -

Text found in the image:

STREET MAP OF
Clearwater

The image appears to contain a street map of Clearwater, with some additional photographs or diagrams above the map text. The map and text are in black and white, with a somewhat faded or low-contrast appearance typical of older documents.


- page 64 -

Text found in the image:

STREET MAP OF
Clear
Water

The rest of the text in the document is illegible due to the low contrast and quality of the scanned image. The page appears to contain multiple photographic or map-like images, but the details are not clearly discernible.


- page 65 -

The text in the top portion of the image appears to be a list of names or locations, but due to the low quality of the scan, most of the text is illegible.

The bottom portion of the image appears to be an aerial or bird's-eye view photograph of a city or town, showing a grid-like street layout with numerous buildings and structures. The image is in black and white and has a somewhat grainy or low-resolution quality.

At the bottom of the image, there is a caption that reads: "Coordinate 'bird's-eye' view of Clearwater - Courtesy Clearwater Flying Club."


- page 66 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

NUMBERED STREETS
CLEARWATER BEACH
1ST THRU 2ND
14TH THRU 24TH

NUMBERED STREETS
INDIAN ROCKS BEACH
1ST & 2ND

NUMBERED AVENUES
INDIAN ROCKS BEACH
1ST THRU 2ND

NUMBERED STREETS
INDIAN ROCKS BEACH
NORTH THRU SOUTH

NUMBERED AVENUES
INDIAN ROCKS BEACH
NORTH THRU SOUTH

NUMBERED PLACES
CLEARWATER BEACH

NUMBERED TERRACES
LARGO

NUMBERED AVENUES
SAFETY HARBOR
10TH THRU 11TH

NUMBERED STREETS
SAFETY HARBOR
10TH THRU 11TH

NUMBERED PLACES
SAFETY HARBOR

The bottom of the page has a caption for one of the images that reads:
"Jack Russell Stadium - winter home of the Phillies"

The bottom right also has a small text that appears to say "Clearwater's Golden Harbor"

The rest of the text is either too blurry or illegible to confidently transcribe.


- page 67 -

The document appears to be a street index page, with multiple columns listing street names and their corresponding grid locations. The header of the page reads "STREET INDEX" and includes areas such as:

A
- Clearwater Area
- Largo Area
- Dunedin Area
- Safety Harbor Area
- Cudman Area

The page is primarily filled with alphabetically organized street names and their corresponding grid coordinates. At the bottom of the page, there is a partially visible text that seems to be upside down, but the text is too illegible to read clearly.


- page 68 -

The image appears to be a densely printed page with multiple columns of text, organized alphabetically by what seems to be street names or addresses. The text is very small and appears to be a directory or listing of some kind, with abbreviations and numbers next to each entry. The columns are labeled with letters from A to N. Due to the small size and density of the text, it would be extremely time-consuming and impractical to transcribe the entire document. The page looks like it could be from a city directory, phone book, or some kind of official record or index.


- page 69 -

This appears to be a detailed street directory or index, organized alphabetically by street names from columns labeled P through W. The document contains multiple columns listing street names, with additional columns on the right side showing what seem to be county area and grid references. The text is typewritten and appears to be from an official document, possibly a city or county mapping reference guide. The image is a black and white scanned document with crisp, legible text. At the bottom right corner, there are some additional notes and references, but the text is too small to read clearly without zooming in.


- page 70 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

SERIES V501
SHEET NO 1-1.4
EDITION 1 - AMS

BOSTON
RICHMOND

CONTOUR IN
WITH SUPPLEMENTARY CON
TRANSVERSE MER

V501
PAGE 1 OF 1 SHEET

The rest of the text is either too blurry or cut off to be legible.


- page 71 -

HEADQUARTERS
836TH AIR DIVISION (TAC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
MACDILL AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DOI 12
SUBJECT: UFO Report

TO: Hq FTD (TDE), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. This letter and the attachments are sent as explanation of the reports of unidentified flying objects observed 4 July 1964.

2. The analysis of the reports of UFO, weather report, and pilot's statement, all of which are attached to this letter, indicates that what was reported as UFO were actually Plans dropped by an aircraft, piloted by a civilian light aircraft, piloted by [redacted], Clearwater, Florida.

3. This analysis was made by 1/Lt GERALD W. PALMER, A03131325, INTELLIGENCE OFFICER, 12th Tactical Fighter Wing, MacDill AFB, Florida.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of] RODNEY M. RAMSEY
Colonel, USAF
Director of Operations

3 Atch
1. Weather Information
2. 4 July 1964 - 1900-2200 EST
3. Pilot's Statement
4. Miscellaneous Reports of UFO


- page 72 -

BOSTON
RICHMOND
EVANSTON
MIAMI
FORT WORTH

CONTOUR INTERVAL 50 FEET
WITH SUPPLEMENTARY CONTOURS AT 25 FOOT INTERVALS

TRANSVERSE MERCATOR PROJECTION

The rest of the text is either too blurry or illegible to confidently transcribe. The document appears to be a topographical or geographical map with various location names and technical mapping details.


- page 73 -

Text found in the image:

SANIBEL ISLAND

LV5
LV7
LV8

LV6
LV7
LV8

At the bottom of the page, there is a small text that appears to be a copyright or printing note, but it is too illegible to read clearly.

The image appears to be a grid or map with various alphanumeric codes (LV5, LV6, LV7, LV8) and numbers, with "SANIBEL ISLAND" written at the top right of the page.


- page 74 -

Text found in the document:

LV9
LV9
LU
LV9
LU MU
LV9

CORPS OF ENGINEERS
TAMPA, FLORIDA

The document appears to be a map or chart with various alphanumeric codes and coordinates. The bottom of the page indicates it was produced by the Corps of Engineers in Tampa, Florida.


- page 75 -

Text found in the document:

Scale 1:250

LOCATION DIAGRAM FOR NG 17.1.1

The rest of the text is too small or illegible to read clearly. The document appears to be a technical diagram or location map with some scale markings and a small location diagram in the bottom right corner.


- page 76 -

Text found in the document:

OF

MEXICO

Scale 1:250,000

LOCATION DIAGRAM FOR NG 17 14

ATLANTIC OCEAN

LEGEND

BOSTON

RELIABILITY DIAGRAM


- page 77 -

This image appears to be a map showing various islands and coastal areas. The visible islands include:

- Gasparilla Island
- La Costa's Island
- Captiva Island
- Pine Island
- Sanibel Island

The map contains numerous grid references (like LV6, LV7, LV8) and appears to be a nautical or geographical chart of a coastal region, likely in Florida based on the filename context. The map is in black and white and shows various landmasses, water bodies, and what seem to be navigation or survey markers.


- page 78 -

The image appears to be a map of a region, likely in Florida, with various geographical features and locations marked. However, much of the text is too small or blurry to read clearly. Some legible text includes:

- "Pine Island" is visible
- "27-00" appears near the top of the map
- Some road or route lines are drawn
- The map seems to cover a coastal or island area

The majority of the text on the map is illegible due to the low image quality and small font size.


- page 79 -

The image appears to be a map or chart with coordinates and grid lines. Most of the text is too small or blurry to read clearly. The right side of the document contains what seems to be a map or geographical representation with various markings and numbers, while the left side of the document is mostly blank. Due to the low image quality, I cannot confidently transcribe specific text or numbers.


- page 80 -

This image appears to be a map of the Gulf Coast area of Florida, specifically showing regions around Sarasota, Bradenton, and Anna Maria Key. The map includes various geographical features, islands, and road networks. Some visible text includes:

Passage Key Wildlife Refuge
Anna Maria Key
Bradenton
Longboat Key
Sarasota
Gulf (of Mexico)

The map is predominantly in black and white, with grid coordinates labeled as "LA2" in various sections. The map shows coastal areas, islands, and a detailed road network on the right side of the image.


- page 81 -

This image appears to be a map of a region, likely in Florida. The map shows county boundaries, roads, and geographical features. Some legible text includes:

- Manatee County
- Sarasota County
- Myakka River State Park

The map is in black and white and appears to be a vintage or historical map, with various lines indicating roads, county borders, and topographical features. The image is somewhat faded and has some artifacts and marks typical of an older scanned document.


- page 82 -

Attn: Lt. Harold W. Palmer
Director of Intelligence
12th Tactical Fighter Wing
MacDill City Tidal Base
Tampa, Fla.

On July 4th about 8:05 PM
I took off from Clearwater Air Park
in my Cessna 170-A, with 5 small
plastic parachutes, with a 10 minute
individual flare attached to each,
spaced removed. Took off to the
north-west and climbed to 5000
feet. Then made a 90° turn to the
left then out of the flight pattern.
Still climbing southwest over
Clearwater Beach, then
turned north to about Dunedin
Coyne Island North again over
the Island to Belleair Beach,
again turning north to about
five miles west of Clearwater Beach.


- page 83 -

The image appears to be a map of what seems to be Manatee County, Florida. The map is faint and appears to be a black and white topographical or road map with county lines and road networks visible. Some text is legible, including "MANATEE COUNTY" in the lower left portion of the map. The right side of the page is mostly blank. The image has some dark edges and appears to be a scanned document with some image degradation around the borders.


- page 84 -

The text I can see in the image is:

EASTERN UNITED STATES 1:250,000

Locations visible on the map include:
- Clearwater
- Sand Key
- Indian Rocks Beach
- Madeira Beach
- St. Petersburg
- Pass-a-Grille

The image appears to be a map section of the eastern United States, specifically focusing on the Clearwater and St. Petersburg area in Florida.


- page 85 -

Text found in the document:

UNITED STATES 1:250,000

TAMPA

ST PETERSBURG

Clearwater
Sand Key
Treasure Island
St Petersburg Beach
Pass-a-Grille Beach

Various other location names are visible on the map, including:
- Cabbage Key
- Big Pine Key
- Camp Key
- Various other keys and coastal areas around Tampa Bay and the Gulf Coast of Florida

The map appears to be a topographical map showing the Tampa Bay area, including Clearwater, St. Petersburg, and surrounding regions.


- page 86 -

Text found in the document:

TAMPA

EDITION 1-AMS

(Top right corner, partially legible)
REF TO
NG17

The image appears to be a map of the Tampa, Florida area, showing various roads, geographical features, and locations. Some additional location names visible include:
- Memorial Cemetery
- Phosphoric Plant
- North Station
- Manatee

The map is a black and white topographical map with grid lines, roads, and various markings typical of a geographical reference map.


- page 87 -

Text found in the document:

REFER TO THIS MAP AS
NG171.4
SERIES 1501

SERIES V807
SHEET NO 171.4
EDITION 1-AMS

The image appears to be a topographical map with various lines, roads, and geographical features. The map seems to cover a specific region with grid lines and markings.


- page 88 -

The text I can read on this document is:

PUBLISHED BY THE AERONAUTICAL CHART AND INFORMATION CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
ST. LOUIS 66, MO.

The rest of the document appears to be a technical chart or graph with vertical and horizontal grid lines, numerical scales from 600 to 700 on the vertical axis, and various markings and notations, but the specific details are not clearly legible enough to transcribe with certainty.


- page 89 -

Text found in the image:

FAHRENHEIT TEMPERATURE SCALE

The image appears to be a technical graph or chart with gridlines, numbers, and temperature scale markings. The bottom of the page shows a Fahrenheit temperature scale ranging from approximately 10 to 50 degrees.


- page 90 -

The text I can read on this document is:

TEMPERATURE SCALE

At the bottom of the page, in small text:
"Headquarters correlation and additions to this chart will be made through your HEADQUARTERS AIR WEATHER SERVICE ATTENTION: AWGC/TWC, SCOTT AFB, FOUGE BASE, ILLINOIS."

The rest of the document appears to be a grid or chart with numerical scales and intersecting lines, but the text on the grid lines is too small or blurry to read clearly.


- page 91 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

NUMBER: 1900 C
STATION: JULY 69
TIME (GCT): 0502
DATE (GCT): 25 JUL 69

Form: AWS WPC 9 13

The rest of the document appears to be a meteorological chart with various grid lines, scales, and blank sections for recording weather data such as wind, clouds, temperature, and other meteorological observations.


- page 92 -

Form: AWS WPC 9.16

The image appears to be a technical chart or graph with vertical axes showing meters and pressure, and horizontal grid lines. The chart contains various numerical values and grid intersections, but the specific details of the data are not clear from this OCR perspective. The form number "AWS WPC 9.16" is visible at the top of the document.


- page 93 -

Here is the text from the document:

at which time I released the plane
orbit 10-15 second after at the
altitude of 19,000 feet after which
I circled the place with ship went
out at about 19,000 feet. On first
dropped after if had fuel about 19,000
feet. After the plane went out I
returned to Clearwater Air Prop.

There were no planes visible
at the time of this flight and no
boat light or beacon visible about
20 miles west. It was a very
clear night.

The reason for the plane was
to add to the 4th of July features
with something different but had
not intended to stir up such a
commotion in the newspapers
and did not think the Air Force
would be so concerned.

85


- page 94 -

USAF SKEW T, LOG P DIAG
TEMPERATURE IN DEGREES FAHRENHEIT AND CELSIUS

The rest of the text is part of the graph's grid lines and labels, which include temperature scales, altitude indicators, and various numerical values across the diagram. The document appears to be a standard meteorological skew-T log-P diagram used for atmospheric soundings and temperature/pressure analysis.


- page 95 -

The text I can read on this document is:

"P DIAGRAM"

The rest of the document appears to be a grid or chart with various numerical values and diagonal crosshatched lines, but the top text where the full title would be is partially cut off or illegible.

The document looks like some kind of technical diagram with temperature or measurement scales, but without more context, I cannot definitively state its precise purpose.


- page 96 -

EXPLANATION

[ISOBARS are straight, horizontal, broken lines. The heights of the pressure surfaces are in the (250) Standard atmosphere, being the pressure values at the left, etc. in meters (1) for miles and [brackts] ( ) for meter values.

ISOTHERMS (---) are the virtual, equidistant lines having constant temperature, generally drawn from left to right.

DRY ADIABATS are the slightly curved brown lines that intersect the 1000 mb. isobar at intervals of 2°C, and run diagonally upward from right to left. The dry adiabats for the various portion of the pressure range are labeled with two values.

SATURATION ADIABATS are the curved green lines that intersect the 1000 mb. isobar at intervals of 2°C, diverging upward and tending to become parallel in the upper altitudes.

SATURATION MIXING RATIO (in gm per kg.) is represented by dashed green lines. The values appear between the 1000 and 250 mb. lines.

THICKNESS (in hectares or geopotential feet) and wind vectors (at 700 mb, 500 mb, 300 mb) are shown. Thickness lines are drawn at 50-100, 500-550, 550-600, 600-650, 650-700, 150-100, 100-150 and 50-100 mb. Thickness and wind vectors are obtained from the virtual temperature curve by the equivalent method, using one straight line as a dividing line.

HEIGHT (in geopotential feet or meters above mean sea level, or station level). The 1000 mb surface is defined from the nomogram in the upper left-hand corner by drawing a straight line from the temperature scale (°F or °C) through the point ps (mean sea level pressure) and parallel to the pressure axis, and reading height at the appropriate height scale.

(ADO STANDARD ATMOSPHERE SOUNDING) is indicated by a thick brown line.

The saturated adiabats and isotherms of saturated mixing ratio are computed by a special procedure using a piece-wise linear interpolation method.

Extension of chart to 25 mb. has been accomplished by overlying with pressure lines [100] at 500 mb and [25] at 100 mb. Dry adiabats for the overlap are labeled in parentheses.

APPROXIMATE VIRTUAL TEMPERATURE may be obtained from the formula Tv = T(1 + 0.608 W) where Tv is virtual temperature, T is temperature in °C, and w is mixing ratio in g/kg/millibars. For purposes of thickness computation, use the mean temperature.

Black dots along wind rose line indicate the level for which wind data are reported and plotted. The open circles indicate the mandatory pressure levels at which wind data are also entered.

All heights and times in this diagram are in geopotential feet and millibars.

CONTOUR FORMATION CURVES are represented by slightly curved solid black lines between the 500 and 100 mb lines from standard lines 120 and 40 mb. lines. Curve values appear between the 50 and 150 mb. lines.

[A table labeled "SKEW T. LOOP ANALYSIS" is also present but mostly blank]


- page 97 -

WEATHER INFORMATION 4 JULY 1964 - SUMMARY 19-222

To Whom it May Concern:

1. General Weather: Scattered clouds 2500 to 3000' with scattered cirrus (Partly Cloudy). Few CB distant 15 NE of bay area.

2. Winds Aloft: See data sheet attached.

3. No ceilings in area during period. Very unrestricted. Thunderstorms distant NE of bay area.

4. Average temperature deviation surface to 40,000' ±14.2° (lapse rate near standard).

5. No unusual weather.

6. See attached Tampa radiosonic plot.

[Signature]
ALLEN M. SMITH JR.
Captain, USAF
Chief Forecaster

9 July 1964


- page 98 -

SURFACE OBSERVATIONS FOR 4 JULY 1964

MCCHILL AFS
15E    2700 SOTD HIGH SOTD VSSY 15+ TEMP 85 DEW PT 73 WIND 270/05KTS
        OB DISTANT NE

20E    3000 SOTD HIGH SOTD THRU SE
        TO E 1 1/2 Q NE SOTD VSSY 15+ TEMP 80 DEW PT 70 WIND 260/05KTS

21E    3000 SOTD HIGH SOTD VSSY 15+ TEMP 77 DEW PT 71 WIND 270/05KTS
        OB LIGHTNING DISTANT NE

22E    3000 SOTD HIGH SOTD VSSY 15+ TEMP 77 DEW PT 72 WIND CALM
        OCNL LIGHTNING DISTANT NE

TAMPA
15E    HIGH SOTD VSSY 15+ TEMP 86 DEW PT 73 WIND 270/12KTS OB ALL QUAD
        ALT 1 1/2 Q SW SOTD VSSY 15+ TEMP 86 DEW PT 73 WIND 270/10KTS

20E    TOWN 1/2 Q SOUTH AND NORTH-WEST
        3000 SOTD HIGH SOTD VSSY 15 TEMP 85 DEW PT 73 WIND 270/00 KTS

22E    OCNL LIGHTNING AND OB NE
        CLEAR VISSY 15 1/2 E 82 DEW PT 73 WIND 260/09 KTS
        LIGHTNING AND OB DISTANT NE

ST. PETERSBURG
13E    3000 SOTD HIGH SOTD VSSY 15 TEMP 88 DEW PT 72 WIND 250/10 KTS
21E    3000 SOTD HIGH SOTD VSSY 15 TEMP 81 DEW PT 75 WIND 250/05 KTS
22E    3000 SOTD HIGH SOTD VSSY 15 TEMP 81 DEW PT 76 WIND CALM

WINDS ALOFT TAKEN FROM: TAMPA 19E RADIOSONDE RUN
SFC     270/12 KTS
1000    250/05
10000   250/10
16000   250/10
20000   250/10
30000   300/05
50000   310/05


- page 99 -

STATISTICAL CASE STUDY
CLEARWATER, FLORIDA SIGHTING
4 JULY 1964

Robert Gillespy
Physical Science Aid


- page 100 -

CONTENTS

Introduction . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Page 1
I     Pilot's Statement (Abridged) . . . . . . . 2
II    Meteorological Data . . . . . . . . . . . 4
III   Statistical Data . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
       General Statistics
       Statistical Summary
       Accuracy Statistics
IV    Position of the Flares by Triangulation . . 13
V     Conclusions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16

Appendix A (Calculations)
Appendix B (Newspaper Clippings)
Appendix C (Report accuracy ratings)
Appendix D (Case fragments)


- page 101 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be very dark and mostly gray, making the text illegible. I cannot discern any readable text from this image.


- page 102 -

Here is the text from the document:

I am truly sorry if I have
caused any inconvenience to
anyone.

The time of the climb was
about 25 minutes. The time of
the drop was approximately
8:30 p.m.


- page 103 -

On 8 Jul 64 Sgt Moody received a telephone call from SAFOI regarding sightings from McDill AFB, Florida of objects observed on 4 Jul 64 during a fireworks display.

Sgt Moody contacted Capt Henry, Base PIO at McDill AFB. Reports were coming in to the base regarding these objects in letter form generated by various articles in the local newspapers. Objects were lights in the sky over a period of 15 - 20 minutes. They were also observed by Capt Henry. Lt Palmer will investigate and return call upon completion of preliminary investigation. Advised to check on balloon and a/c activity in particular.

On Friday, 10 Jul 64 received a calls from Lt Palmer stating that the pilot of a light a/c had come forward with the information that he dropped Railroad flares, attached to smaller parachutes from his a/c. This information appeared in the local newspaper. Lt Palmer will obtain a written statement from the pilot. Any further action regarding his activity will be handled by the PIO. All reports from local citizens together with various newspaper articles will be forwarded to FTD.

On 22 Jul 64 Tsgt Moody placed a call to Lt Palmer. Information was sent to us a few days ago we were informed.


- page 104 -

UNITED STATES 1:250,000
TAMPA

Visible locations on the map include:
- Clearwater
- St. Petersburg
- Madeira Beach
- Sunshine Beach
- Pasca-Grillo Beach
- Anna Maria Key
- Passage Key Wildlife Refuge
- Mullet Key
- Egmont Key

The map shows a detailed grid of roads, islands, and coastal areas around the Tampa Bay region in Florida. The map is black and white and appears to be a topographical or road map from a government mapping series.


- page 105 -

The image contains four identical map sections of the Clearwater, Florida area. Each map section shows:

- Clearwater
- Sand Key
- Indian Rocks Beach
- Various road networks and grid lines
- Numbered sections and coordinates

The maps appear to be duplicates, arranged in a 2x2 grid layout. The maps are black and white and seem to be from a topographical or navigational document.

At the bottom of the page, there is a number "25" centered.


- page 106 -

CONCLUSIONS

Where the majority of Clearwater reports were actual accounts, the opposite is often time of unsolicted reports. Many witnesses were interviewed in the previous investigation. The witnesses stated on several occasions that they would not have remembered facts of the night in the light of day. They also read the article in the Clearwater Sun. They felt it was their duty to comply with the Air Force's request for information.

The formation of the lights was the most accurately reported circumstance. Fact with 71% specifying a straight line. There was a high accuracy in reporting the color of the red lights, but this was influenced by the newspaper article. It is highly significant that only three persons saw all three of the known lights. More than 60% accurate. Number and duration of the lights were both reported in the radio reports of the observers.

Measurements of distance, azimuth, and altitude were over 50% inaccurate. Directional information which was plotted in relation to the position of the flares given in the pilot's statement. Only one plot fell within the 1.8 mile circle representing the maximum distance the flares could travel. For the flares to have moved 8.2 times faster than the wind could have blown them. To get to 5 points and 11.5 miles faster than the wind could have blown them. Witnesses were seven miles away from the lights in Clearwater though they were directly over Clearwater Beach which was the focal point.

The presence of the aircraft was the only circumstance that could allow identification of the sighting from the reports.


- page 107 -

Of four witnesses definitely saw an airplane, two of the four could see enough to make out a moving light, and only one of four didn't see anything except the red lights.

The lights were reported by various witnesses to have rested, spread to have been confused, have had a lemony, pocked like making the observers had over seen, pulsated, moved up and down.

At the great speed and starkness, (somewhat) the problem of the circling aircraft caused the most contradiction. As it flew and the lights in one direction, the red light was visible, and going the other direction, its white light was visible. As it turned, the green light could be seen. From five miles away, some lights appeared to be one light changing color. The circling action also gave rise to visual illusions as listed under that section.

In general, 12 of the witnesses were considered very accurate (1/2) and another 12 were rated average (page 13). Of the 20% of the males were VA while only 30% of the women were in that category. Both male and female observers were 30% accurate, with observers being 100% more fair (?) reports but about six times more inaccurate reports.


- page 108 -

APPENDIX G

Accuracy

The accuracy of each report was determined as stated in the statistical evaluation of these results. Symbols used here are denoted as follows:

VA = Very Accurate
A = Accurate
I = Inaccurate

M = Male
F = Female

Report No. Accuracy Sex    Accuracy Sex    Accuracy Sex

1.      I       M       36.     F       F       71.     A       M
2.      F       F       37.     A       F       72.     A       NEF
3.      NO INFO             38.     A       M       73.     A       D
4.      I       F       39.     F       F       74.     A       M
5.      A       F       40.     A       M       75.     A       F
6.      I       M       41.     A       F       76.     VA      M
7.      I       F       42.     F       F       77.     I       F
8.      I       M       43.     F       M       78.     A       F
9.      I       F       44.     VA      F       79.     I       F
10.     I       F       45.     F       F       80.     VA      F
11.     F       F       46.     VA      M
12.     F       M       47.     F       M
13.     F       F       48.     VA      F
14.     F       F       49.     A       F
15.     A       F       50.     VA      M
16.     A       M       51.     A       M
17.     A       F       52.     F       F
18.     I       F       53.     A       F
19.     I       M       54.     A       M
20.     F       F       55.     F       F
21.     F       M       56.     VA      M
22.     F       F       57.     A       F
23.     A       F       58.     F       F
24.     A       F       59.     VA      M
25.     F       F       60.     A       M
26.     F       M       61.     A       M
27.     I       M       62.     A       F
28.     I       F       63.     A       M
29.     I       F       64.     A       F
30.     I       F       65.     A       A
31.     A       F       66.     VA      F
32.     A       M       67.     A       VA
33.     VA      F       68.     VA      F
34.     F       F       69.     A       F
35.     F       F       70.     I       F


- page 109 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

#33

I kept "flying watch-that plane". The
christist they were following. We were
watching-fascinated, when the plane went to
number one circle making a pass quite near
of 7-hand a land-mission - it circulated - then
the plane circled to No 5 or market on island
paper, 9c A-to No 2, then No. 4, then No. west
last No 6. Each one distinctly getting with the
transform to circling and what near the top
and light.

This seemed so fantastic. The lady who
was steering near me, explained at the first
night of them. "Could it be the Martians are
coming?"

Case number 24, 64, 71 are the results of corrective imagination.

But they didn't move. Just six put tried out on a line. To some
to us that one or more were out there a little while and I was right
about it. Or maybe a mistake. I was sure I saw something to the
north but my memory doesn't remember details.

(over)


- page 110 -

ATIC (TEEN/700)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
15 September 1964

Clearwater Sun
Clearwater, Florida

Gentlemen:

If available, please send copies of the Clearwater Sun, 5 - 11 July 1964. Enclosed is 50¢ to cover cost of papers. If this amount is not sufficient, request we be so advised. Also enclosed is a self addressed envelope label for your convenience.

Sincerely,

DAVID H MOODY
MSGT, USAF
ATIC, Aerial Phenomena Branch


- page 111 -

The text on this page is partially illegible due to the low contrast and image quality. I can make out some fragments of text, but cannot confidently reproduce the full text. The bottom of the page contains what appears to be a handwritten note, but the details are not clear enough to transcribe accurately. The majority of the text in the main body of the document is too faint to read with certainty.


- page 112 -

Here is the text from the document:

The following case fragments are excerpts obtained from the base in
to Clearing, filed May 24, 1967 to BLUE BOOK.

#6
Moving, I sighted a star and watched awhile and they
weren't moving they stood still and stayed red
two one from the north side of the group arrived
in front and around and as "it" moved it turned blue
and red like fire was coming out behind, it
closed in front and then behind the other cars on
the north again moved forward some turning blue
etc. The first one circled in front of each one car.

#6
The lights... how they were just
under their a light going out quicker
moved to quite away quietly back to
moving the light through the ground
it seemed as if the light turned
away to circle a light quite as a
light beacon, rather than a going out


- page 113 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

16

I thought I could distinguish in each object a set of lines, figures, and it appeared there were two men. And one about five miles away, and this same object was stationary and flickered and then began to move.

Our son, the 4th party, watched them with his binoculars and his account is as follows: The red glider seamed like a fire in the middle and craft flickered a bit. The central one outside edge and flickered a bit. Initially one segmented red in the front and made a light at the rear. All this was the same as viewed by the rest of the family.

The following case fragments are the result of visual illusions.

[The last paragraph appears to be handwritten, but the text is partially illegible. Only portions can be clearly read.]


- page 114 -

Here is the text from the document:

A third red light turned to a small white light and began to go up and down. A friend

[Middle section is partially illegible]

We were sitting then appeared to stand some but after a minute or two the one to the south period off to the south but the others remained. Then for about 2 min. then we lost or we sat there and the first one seemed to rise then it went up and disappeared. Time we possibly about 8:15 p.m. not we look at my watch.


- page 115 -

Closed 3 or 4 of the lights did the same
Using + then one light pull away towards

The gulf at a high rate of speed cut
27 could no longer be seen. At this time
all of the remaining began to move in
about this time I could see they had changed
from sight.

It looked as the 1st with 16
straight clears in the water I am
then had come one the right
same way the center fairly
the distance. We both


- page 116 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Clearwater, Florida
July 9, 1964

Capt. R. H. Henry
Public Information Officer
Tactical Air Force Base
Tamps, Florida

Dear Capt. Henry:

This letter concerns the "red lights" which were visible in the sky west of Clearwater, Florida on the night of July 7, 1964. The attached chart is indexed to show "red" objects obtained by three independent sightings on that night.

The northernmost line of position was obtained from sightings made by the owner-operator of _______, and the sighting was made from the east over the new Dunedin Causeway bridge.

The middle line of position was obtained from sightings made from the writer's sailboat anchored about 200 yards west end of the north point of the Dunedin Marina. Others observers in the boat included the writer's wife and three children and Mr. _______ and two boys. _______ an engineer with the General Electric Company.

The southernmost line of position was obtained from sightings made by Mr. and Mrs. _______ from a lot near the eastern end of the Clearwater Causeway. _______ and an engineer with the Safety Harbor served one term at _______.

The lines of position are plotted on an overlay of Coast and Geodetic chart No. 586 (add 3-2-64).

Based on the writer's approximation of an altitude of 23 to 30 degrees and the "drift" on the chart, the vertical hold will be 16,000 to 22,000 feet. All of the observers saw five stationary lights, each lasting about 15 to 20 minutes. Approximately at about the same altitude. A sixth, less intense and possibly white, light was moving in the sky in the area of the sightings.

This was one observed from one half hour after twilight (these were no place in this beach). Total time of the total sighting was from 9:20 PM to about 10:30 PM.

In the writer's opinion the lights were similar in appearance to five radio or television antenna towers. No explanation to the observed events is offered.

Truly,

[Signature area blacked out]


- page 117 -

There is very little legible text on this page. The image appears to be a mostly blank document page with some faint lines or markings, but no clear, readable text is visible.


- page 118 -

Visible text on the page:

12.80
108.00 103
MILES

The page appears to be a document with some angular lines drawn on it and handwritten numerical annotations. The image is in black and white and looks like a technical or scientific document page.


- page 119 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

103
856

82°50'W

FILED MAR 14

The document appears to be a map or diagram with some coordinate lines and markings, but much of the detail is faint or difficult to read clearly.


- page 120 -

The image appears to be a mostly blank document page with some redacted text on the left side. There is a black rectangular area that appears to be redacted/blacked out text. The rest of the page is white/off-white with some edge distortion and scanning artifacts visible. At the top left corner, there appears to be a faint handwritten mark or notation, but it is not clearly legible.


- page 121 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Z084/AG) Guitreville, Jr/ocs 89215
UFO Sighting (Clearwater, Florida, 4 Jul 64)

Intelligence Office
6th Fighter Wing
MacDill AFB, Florida
ATTN: 1st Lt Gerald W Palmer, AO 31313125

28 Aug 64

1. Reference letter 836th Air Division (TAC), DO, 20 Jul 64, pertaining to above subject.

2. This office is doing a detailed case study of this particular sighting. As the details are now known, the many observers descriptions are valuable in that they give some insight into the objectivity of UFO observations. Therefore, would your office include in a map of the way area: Mark on this map, small landmarks, and forward with this map the provisional location of the flares.

3. Your cooperation in this case is appreciated.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems


- page 122 -

The image appears to be a very faded or poorly scanned document. Most of the text is illegible due to the low quality of the scan. I cannot confidently read any text on this page.


- page 123 -

The image appears to be a very faint, low-quality scanned document with significant noise and degradation. Most of the text is illegible due to the poor image quality. I cannot confidently read any text on this page.


- page 124 -

Text found in the document:

28°06' N

23°04' N
82°46' W


- page 125 -

Capt. J.W. Moody
USAF

In reply to your request on this Clearwater siting, I am writing to tell you what we saw, the night of the sighting.

On the left of us was the pier north Clearwater Beach, we basically could see a 6 acre field. They were all in one small city, another group of lights. Group of lights became prominent as they were at a low height of the red-lights. While over some to move back could further a round. Should make quite a round. Lights (other) were in other groups, about the same distance.

Slowly, after a period of time, such that lights, some of golden and off on the occurrence, gave at a time. Faint color and absolutely, are made from edge of the


- page 126 -

Here is the text from the document:

Regrets. The case so conducted on the strange phenomenon that we - with the idea is now this possible. The style this will do appear keep to again in solving this mystery.

Sincerely, [signature blacked out]

Clearwater
Fla.


- page 127 -

Clearwater Fla.

Capt. D.M. Henry
Mrs. Paul Van Tassel Burt
Tampa
Fla.


- page 128 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Capt. R.H. Fleming
MCAS Chu Lai Res Base
Georgia, Florida


- page 129 -

July 6, 1964

I am writing in regards to the Sea-net lights seen over the Gulf on Sat. eve July 4th.

Several members of my family & myself were watching the horizon for quite a while when we observed the red lights.

We were watching from my uncle's back yard, about a mile north of Clearwater on 5-20. The lights when we first noticed them were stationary in a horizontal line on which they stayed for several min. then the reddish-most light rose vertically very fast & moved in a swirling about & came back into line at that point.

About 3 or 4 % the lights did this same thing, & then one light fell away towards


- page 130 -

To split at a high rate of speed, until it could no longer be seen. At this time, all 66, the remaining began to move in different directions until they had begun to move apart.

We figured that they had something to do with the fireworks, until I saw the article in the Clearwater Sun.

I don't know if this account will help you out, but I wanted to let you know what we had observed.

I would appreciate any explanation or conclusion you might come to about these lights.

Thank you very much!

Clearwater Fla.


- page 131 -

Clearwater, Fla.

Capt. C. H. Honey
Public Information Officer
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Fla.


- page 132 -

