PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
   26 JUN 64  27/0354

2. LOCATION
   CLAIRTON, PENNSYLVANIA

3. SOURCE
   Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
   See Summary

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
   Not Reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
   Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
   Not Reported

8. PHOTOS
   None

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
   □ Yes   ■ No

10. CONCLUSION
    SIGHTING: (INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION)
    PHOTO: (INSUFFICIENT CLARITY)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
    Observer noticed a bright luminous spherical ball. An antenna-like object was sticking out from the sphere at about 30 deg from the middle. The antenna was about 3 times bigger than the sphere and rotated in a counter-clockwise direction. After a few minutes the sphere broke up into 3 distinct craft. Letting off a thick smoky vapor trail. About 10 seconds later, the 3 craft broke into 2 even discs. The discs again elliptical and formed in a "V" shape.

    COMMENTS: The case was not received until 9 Feb 65, at which time it was too late to investigate it. There was no defined object on the negative, only what appears to be the distorted image of some light source. There is not sufficient clarity to identify the light source itself.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TOE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white document or photograph with varying shades of gray and several small dark dots scattered across its surface. The image is framed within white borders and appears to be a scanned document or photographic print.


- page 2 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photographic document or negative, tilted at an angle, with varying shades of gray and some small dark spots or dots scattered across its surface. The document is positioned on a white background.


- page 3 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph or document with a grainy, blurry appearance. There are some scattered dark spots or dots across the image, but no discernible text can be read.


- page 4 -

The image appears to be a very faint, low-quality black and white document or photograph with significant degradation and spotting. Most of the text is illegible due to the poor image quality. There are some scattered dark spots or dots across the document, but no clear text can be discerned.


- page 5 -

I cannot discern any legible text on this document. The image appears to be a black and white photograph or document with scattered dark spots/dots across a grainy surface, tilted at an angle against a white background. The image quality is poor and blurry, making any potential text unreadable.


- page 6 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white document or photograph with significant degradation, showing a blurry, grainy image with scattered dark spots or dots against a lighter background. The image is positioned slightly off-center on the page.


- page 7 -

Visible text on the image:
[Vertically on left side of image]
ROCKET TECHNOLOGY PHYSICS

[Vertically on right side of image]
CLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph with a bright white/light spot in the center, surrounded by grainy, dark background. The photograph is tilted at an angle on the page.


- page 8 -

Dear Sirs:

Enclosed is the negative that you requested.
Thank you for returning the photograph and I hope
that you will return the negatives as you stated in your
letter. I feel that I must tell you that the picture
was taken only by chance and it was the only picture
an extra roll that I took.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature redacted]


- page 9 -

The negative was developed by an amateur photographer and it is enlarged in the picture.


- page 10 -

TDSW/UFO

Request for UFO Information

Hq USAF SAMOICC (Mrs Hunt)

Reference the attached letter from Mr. requesting information on his unidentified observation.

Dear Mr.

Analysis of a photograph taken in 1964 and submitted to us for evaluation has been completed. The negative is being returned with two enlarged print copies of the negative. An official analysis report of the image is attached for your information.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

3 Atchs
1. Negative
2. Photographs
3. Analysis Report

ORIGINATOR
TDSW/UFO   Maj H Quintanilla, Jr.   DATED 21 Dec 65

TDSW   W.R. Petrie   DATED 21 Dec 65


- page 11 -

10 March 1965

Dear Mr. [redacted]

Reference is made to your report and photograph of an observation of certain objects which you were unable to identify.

In order for the Air Force to make an analysis of the print you submitted, it is necessary that we have the negative. Upon receipt of the negative, it will be analyzed and returned to you together with a report of our findings.

Sincerely,

JOHN P. SPAULDING
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
Photograph

Mr. [redacted]
Clairton, Pennsylvania


- page 12 -

UNCLASSIFIED

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT                  66-59
                                        PAGE 1 OF 1 PAGES
                                        DATE OF REPORT 3 Nov 66

SUBJECT: UFO REPORT
LOCATION: CLAIRTON, PENNSYLVANIA                 DATE: 26 JUNE 1964

PHOTOGRAPHY
AF_____________________IN________________________QUALITY: Poor
PHAS: One Negative and 2 Prints

1. PURPOSE: This report answers Work Order Number 66-59 from Major Quintanilla, Jr., (TDEW/UFOE) to analyze a narrative and photos taken near Clairton, Pennsylvania on 26 June 1964. The following analysis was conducted by the Photo Analysis Division (TDFPA) and the Photo Processing Division (TDPPC).

2. ANALYSIS: Extremely poor processing resulted in numerous markings on the negative and print. The only marking on the negative, which appeared to contain a signature, is located slightly below the center of the frame. All other markings were probably caused by the poor processing.

The image located near the center of the frame is bright and possibly caused by a light source or a reflected light source. Indication of this was determined by high magnification of the negative reading 8 power. Photographic analysis shows a bright area.

In the absence of a definite object on the negative and print, and the poor processing, several assumptions had to be made. The photographic was probably taken through a window. Analysis of the negative shows the possibility of a drape along the extreme left edge of the frame. The dark area across the bottom of the frame could possibly still as it appears to have a sharp edge with a light source reflecting from the surface. The relationship was probably caused by a light source. The odd shape of the image could be caused if the window consisted of two pieces of plate or 1/4" glass contained imperfection.

PHOTO ANALYZED BY:                     APPROVED BY:

[Signature]                            [Signature]
CHARLES A. BURTON                      ROBERT L. BASE
1st Lieutenant, USAF                   Captain, USAF
Photo Interpreter                      Chief, Photo Analysis Division

[Signature]
WILBER PRICE, JR.
Director, Photo Exploitation Directorate

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 13 -

ENGINEERING SUPPORT WORK REQUEST

[Checkboxes for: ENGINEERING ANALYSIS, PHOTO ANALYSIS, MACHINE COMPUTATION]

PPT NUMBER: A60002

DESCRIPTION OF WORK: Request analysis of the attached negative and print.

REFERENCE MATERIAL: One negative, one print and the report of Clairton, Pa. Request all materials be returned to this office upon completion of analysis.

REQUESTED BY: [Signature/Name area blank] SYMBOL TDEN PHONE 6921615379

I CERTIFY THAT THIS WORK IS AUTHORIZED BY ME AND THAT IT HAS THE FOLLOWING PRIORITY AND DEADLINE WITHIN MY DIVISION:
(ROUTINE) 12 MAY 65

[Lower section contains areas for Engineering Support Monitor, Final Work, Work Request Approval with various checkboxes and fields]

FID OCT 462 [Bottom right corner text]


- page 14 -

UFOB Sighting, Pittsburgh, Pa, 22 May & 25 Jun 64                9 Feb 65

Hq USAF SAFOI PS (Mrs Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

Reference the attached letter and photograph from ████ requesting evaluation of a photo taken on 20 Jun 64. The negative is necessary before evaluation can be made. Should Mr ████ desire an evaluation of his sighting request he forward the negative to SAFOI. The negative will be returned to him upon completion.

FOR THE COMMANDER

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR             1 Atch
Major, USAF                         1st ████████ with Photo
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch


- page 15 -

Dear Sirs:

For the days of May 22, 1964 and June 23, 1964
I witnessed some weird objects flying object near my home outside
of Pittsburgh Pa. On the night 22, while I was looking for stars,
I noticed a luminous ball with against a darkening sky. The
time was about 8:35 PM and the sun was starting to set. Being
an amateur astronomer, I immediately tried to make out what because it
was almost straight up and moving fairly rapid. The sky was
perfectly clear and the winds were coming in from the west. I then
got out my 15x50 super chromatic and quickly found the
object. The object was a silvery and spherical in shape with an
antenna-like object taking out from the sphere at about 30° from
the middle. I first saw the entire were three lights: one white,
one red, then another white. The antenna was probably mounted the
sphere and the sphere completely broken out the lights visibility found
to it. The antenna was about three times bigger than the sphere
and was in a north-clockwise direction. After a few minutes
the sphere broke up into three distinct craft letting off a haze,
slowly drifting and uniformly went back together again. It broke the same
later it broke up into three distinct craft. I have little we along and tremendous
height for an inch on that light moving both out path. The distance difficult
to define and found a range of shape. They wobbled back and forth as


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

they having then still disappeared in another town to speed
&
Conditions were the same my prev & the
same thing happened again. I suffering the same thing would
happen again. I got some film for my box camera and took
a picture of it. Enclosed is no picture that is attached from
that date. The picture was taken with a 117 & exposed
on which I put the camera.

Please send a reply to this address:

Clairton, Pa.
for it would be greatly appreciated to find out what
you understand. As it is suspected, I can give you
very total of information that is possible to obtain.
There was a total of mention there witnesses that can
confirm most of the information that I have just given you.


- page 17 -

This case contains 7, 5x7" photos and 1, 5x11" negative.


- page 18 -

