PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
N/A May 1964

2. LOCATION
Newark, N. J.

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Insufficient data for evaluation.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer cannot recall the date and time of observation thus this case is being carried as insufficient data for evaluation.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
N/A

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
East

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.

[Handwritten notes in the bottom right corner: KRB3.6012-1 15 MAY 1964]


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

"Insufficient
Data"

June 6 - 1966

U.S. Air Force:
Sirs:

I would like to tell you about a incident I saw a little over two years ago. It has to do with the so called flying saucers. Maybe my eyes deceived me, but anyplace here is what I saw. It was in May 1964 I cannot recall the date but I believe it was early in the month.

I got off a PATH train at Penn Station Newark N.J. and was walking up Commerce St. on my way to Broad St. where I was going to catch a bus on my way home.

I stopped for a light at the Highway (cont'd)

Location: NEWARK, N.J.
Date: N/A MAY 1964


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

near the N.J. State Bldg. I happened to
glance back toward the station, while
waiting for the traffic light to change.
When I noticed a light reflection coming
from a object in the sky in the direction of
Penn Station, but not over it. being further
Eastward might the object was 1,000 feet
higher 1500 ft high in the sky. I
thought it might be a airplane as that
is where the planes sometimes fly landing
at Newark Airport, but this object was
stationary. Might I figure it was a
Helicopter, but I saw no whirlybird.
Just a round metallic object, silvery or
stainless steel colored, with a little
elevation in the center,
where the housing with the controls
might be (next page)


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

(3) When I saw it first, it was angled at about 45° angle, and I spotted it, because it was reflecting sunlight. I watched it for a few minutes then, it straightened out to be edge on, and I could just about see the edges. after after another 2 or 3 minutes, it took off, not straight up but at a 70° or 80° angle and was gone from sight. quickly it made no sound I could hear or no vapor trail. I am convinced I saw a flying saucer. The some Airline official or an authority on aircraft, may say I saw an ordinary aircraft stacked up waiting for landing, but I never heard of a Commercial airplane that can hover.

(over)


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

(4) I am convinced that there are flying saucers, either from our Planet, being secret or experimental planes, being tested by our own government or a foreign Govt. or from another Planet. If these new aircraft are our own then we have nothing to fear from them. If on the other hand they are from a foreign power or another Planet. Then it is up for your Boys to keep right on top of them. I hope you dont think I am a kook or nut. I am just telling you what I saw two years ago. I know ones eyes can deceive you. I am just telling you what I saw.

Yours Sincerely,

[The signature and bottom portion of the page are blacked out]


- page 5 -

