PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 27 Feb 64

2. LOCATION: Marshall, Michigan

3. DATE-TIME GROUP:
Local: 1225
GMT: 29/0025Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

5. SOURCE: Civilian

6. PHOTOS: □ Yes

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 45 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

9. COURSE: West

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Light which looked like star changing colors from red towhite and back to red. Motion to West at 8k deg elevation. Disappeared in flash. Initial observation in SE.

11. COMMENTS:
Several stars of first mag in SE but nothing at 8k deg elevation. Pictures indicates that object observed at 15 deg elevation rating to 75 deg elevation. No definite positional data presented. Sighting remains characteristic of Astro body and case carried in this category.

Additional handwritten note at bottom:
On the case of 27 February, could I have the name of the observer? I think the star evaluation for this is doubtful, since in 45 minutes a star can't change.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
5   2   64
Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

ET zipped off and so more from neu-wing in far-east- and a solid white light as
low ends.


- page 2 -

Dept of Air Force
Washington D.C.

Dear Sir,

On this day, it was PM
2 miles or a light white or first
look like a star. But it flashed
from red to white, and sort

I was at a position of about
84°

It moved most backward & minute
and fast slowly down to north, for about
30 seconds. Then it started west again
then it disappeared in a flash
I couldn't have been a balloon
for the wind was from the west
I couldn't have been a satellite, because they went more into
the west

Can you tell me what it was?

Sincerely


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

SAFOI

Michigan

Dept of Air Force

Washington D.C.

The document also contains a postage stamp with the text "PRAY FOR PEACE" and a postmark dated FEB 12 1964.


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
28   2   64
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: [blank]
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Marshall         Marshall         Michigan
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
0   45   0
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Timed
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No ✓

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright ✓
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
             b. In back of you
             c. To your right
             d. To your left
             e. Overhead
             f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD UCL 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):    8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                     a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                    b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                     c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember            d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):        WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky                a. Dry
    b. Hazy                     b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Scattered clouds         c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Thick or heavy clouds    d. Snow
                                e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
    a. Solid                    d. As a light
    b. Transparent              e. Don't remember
    c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                 c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                   d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):    a. Fuzzy or blurred    o. Other
                 b. Like a bright star
                 c. Sharply outlined
                 d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                         (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?        Yes    No    Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?  Yes    No    Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?            Yes    No    Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?                           Yes    No    Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                        Yes    No    Don't know
    f. Change shape?                             Yes    No    Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?                         Yes    No    Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                   Yes    No    Don't know


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
I just went off, both going one turned it off

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: ________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   Alto   Sound
b. Color   red - white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and now how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?   100%

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Note: There is a drawing area left blank on the bottom of the page]


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?  35-90 m.p.h.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?  20-25 ft. or close?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No     e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No     f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No     g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No     h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The Navigators light of a cargo plane of about 2 mi. far when first seen.

A pole light when compared.


- page 8 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw the object. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
August of 1962 some place
About 2 years, some time ago

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Michigan
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE 15 SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I was walking south past the court at about 9:30 p.m. when I saw two flying objects shaped like
"saucer galaxies". The more up and centered as they

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Date fields left blank]


- page 10 -

