Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
29 October 64  23/0715

2. LOCATION
Millersville, Pennsylvania

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
South

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Follow lit estimated as moving 100 mph at 1 mile distant as seen through a condenser arc in 10 second. Flew or blurred. Slowed down near end of observation. Each indication of a brief, good visual for several indications. Object was bright.

COMMENTS: Object moved from just over the horizon, making even motion. No sound. Moved with steady, uniform motion. Characteristic motion possible labor observed speed shown. Considered, based on duration of observation, to be a true unidentified flying object. Can be regarded as an incident case.

8. PHOTOS
-Yes
-No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
-Yes
-No

FORM
FTD SEP 63-0329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Students claim saucer sighting here

(Unidentified Flying Objects) could have spared farmers a lot of drought problems the past few years. Providing, of course, that Wednesday afternoon's performance, is a regular feature.

Three Penn Manor students, Molly Dehart, John Wolfe, and Becky Adams, reported a flying saucer sighted Tuesday between 3 and 3:30 p.m. Miss Adams reported the object was circular, white and flying high.

It was sighted over Penn Manor High School and it disappeared from sight over trees behind the Sugar Bowl.

Right after it passed the rain came—just a sprinkle.


- page 2 -

Laboratory School
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
Department of Public Instruction
Millersville State College
Millersville, PA 17561
Fifth Grade

Robert Mac Mamara
c/o Defense Department
Washington, L. C.

[Postmark: OCT 26 1964 MILLERSVILLE PA]


- page 3 -

COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC INSTRUCTION
MILLERSVILLE STATE COLLEGE
MILLERSVILLE, PENNSYLVANIA

Fifth Grade
Laboratory School
Millersville, Penns.
October 23, 1964

Dear Sir,

Three children saw a flying saucer or what they thought was a flying saucer on Wednesday, October 21, 1964, On Thursday, October 22, another boy and I saw it and I would like to know if it is a Government Project, and if it is, would you please call us at 3d7 We are between 3:15 and 3:45 p.m. It was a whitish yellow thing.

I have been studying rockets and aircraft, so when I heard about the saucer, I started looking for it, and I found it. I will be happy for any information pertaining to this thing. Thank you.

Sincerely,

[Signature is blacked out]


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information, so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
23 Oct. 1964

2. Time of day: 3 : 15
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
(Circle One): c. Daylight Saving

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
(Nearest Postal Address) (City or Town) (State or County)

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours: Minutes: 10 Seconds:

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Locked at watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No ✓

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY NIGHT
a. Bright a. Bright
b. Cloudy b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you d. To your left
e. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 5 -

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other:

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 6 -

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It slowed down and went behind a building.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES   No   Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: A building in my lot

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   NO   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: [blank]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   none
b. Color   white - yellow

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
NO

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A simple sketch of an oval/disc-shaped object is drawn]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?    120 per hour

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?    2 mi/10

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No    e. Binoculars    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No    f. Telescope    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No    g. Theodolite    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No    h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

2 tea cups saucers with brims together.


- page 8 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Millersville, Penna.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS                                                 Zone    Penna.
TELEPHONE NUMBER                AGE 10    SEX boy

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
NONE

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
                Day         Month         Year 9/24


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Box 45
COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC INSTRUCTION
MILLERSVILLE STATE COLLEGE
MILLERSVILLE, PA 17551

Department of the Air Force
Office of the Secretary
United States Air Force
Washington, D.C. 20330


- page 11 -

24 November 1964

Dear

Reference is made to your letter of October 23 in which you reported seeing an unidentified flying object.

Attached is an PID Form 164. It is requested the form be completed in greatest detail and returned to this office for further evaluation.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Chief, Pictorial Branch
Public Information Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
PID Form 164

Millersville, Pennsylvania


- page 12 -

