Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
25 June 64, 26/0527Z

2. LOCATION
Polson, Montana

3. SOURCE
Civilian (Physicist)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Cloud-Visual

7. COURSE
Not Reported

8. PHOTOS
No Yes
X No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No
X No

10. CONCLUSION
1. ECHO II
2. AIRCRAFT

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Objects were high and resembled an ECHO satellite, which observer is seen before. Objects were close together and were observed to meet (or came very close together) at which point one of them veered away at an apparent higher speed and at an abrupt turn. The other continued fairly constant in direction and much slower than the first with a jerky appearance with an even light.

COMMENTS: ECHO II was in area heading Northeast at the time of report observation. Information which was presented did not include the duration or direction of the objects. Most likely that ECHO II was observed in conjunction with a high altitude, and the apparent abrupt turn of one object was the spacecraft making a change in direction. Evaluated as follows:

[Note: The bottom of the text is cut off]

Form number at bottom: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)


- page 1 -

30 December 1964

Dear Mr. [redacted]

This is in reply to your letter of 17 December regarding an unidentified object observed in June, 1964.

One of the objects sighted was likely ECHO II. ECHO II was in the area heading northwest at the time of your observation. The information which you presented did not include the duration of the sighting or the direction in which the objects moved. It is most likely that ECHO II was observed in connection with an aircraft at high altitude, and the apparent turn of one object was the aircraft making a change in direction.

Since you have additional data, we would appreciate having this information forwarded to us in the attached envelope in order that more information of the sighting can be made.

A copy of your letter is being forwarded to Doctor J. Allan Hynek at Northwestern University. Should you desire to discuss your observation with him, he may be reached at Dearborn Observatory, Northwestern University, Evanston, Illinois.

Sincerely,

HASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Chief, Pictorial Branch
Public Information Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
Envelope

Mr. [redacted]
Champaign, Illinois, 61821


- page 2 -

SUGGESTED REPLY

[Redacted Address]
Champaign, Illinois 61821

Dear [Redacted]:

This is in reply to your letter of 17 December 1964 regarding an unidentified object observed in June of 1964.

We wish to inform you that one of the objects was likely ECHO II. ECHO II was in the area heading Northeast at the time of your reported observation. The information which you presented did not include the duration of the sighting or the direction in which the objects moved.

It is most likely that ECHO II was observed in conjunction with an aircraft at high altitude, and the apparent abrupt turn of one object was the aircraft making a change in direction.

A copy of your letter is being forwarded to Dr J Allan Hynek at Northwestern University. Should you desire to discuss your observation with him he may be reached at:

Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

If the duration of the satellite-like object was in excess of 7 to 3 minutes and the aircraft type object exceeded 4 to 5 minutes then this would tend to rule out the two objects as the cause of your observation.

Since you already have additional data we would appreciate having this information forwarded to us in the attached envelope in order that a more final evaluation of the sighting can be made.

Sincerely,

1 Atch
Envelope


- page 3 -

UFOB

UFO Sighting, 25 Jun 64, North of Polson, Montana                28 Dec 64

Hq USAF SAFOI PB (Mrs Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

This office is in receipt of a letter from the reporting an unidentified flying object observed on 25 Jun 64.
The attached is a suggested reply to him. Also request that a self-addressed envelope be forwarded with your letter.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

1 Atch
Suggested Reply

cc: Dr Hynek


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Dec. 17, 1964

Capt. Quintanilla,
Project Blue book
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Sir,

I realize that the incident is now some six months old, but perhaps it will be of some interest.

On June 25 of this year a companion and I were camping just north of Polson, Mont. and. Since he is a lawyer and, at the time, I was employed at a juryinist at 117 Peach St. Institute of Chicago, I feel that the agreement of our observations rules out imagination.

At 10:27 PM we were having coffee with four others in the configuration, which was on the east side of the lake, when we suddenly were attracted to a motion in the sky. Less objects were seen moving hypervelocity toward us from the lake side. They appeared high up and resembled to some before their...


- page 5 -

Here is the text I can read from the image:

[Partially obscured/blacked out sender address]

[Recipient address]
Air Mail
96 Parkside
Watertown
New York

There is a postage stamp in the top right corner and a postmark visible on the left side of the envelope. Some text is blacked out or obscured, making it illegible.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-

course was a gradually convoy out
area, and they were close together.
They appeared to meet (or some way
close) at which point on the way of
them seemed always at an apparent
height speed level at an altitude
time. They were continuing fairly
constant in direction and much slower
than the first. We were able to
follow it for some time. Its path
appeared not (with some slight intensity)
make take a likely candidate.

A rough diagram follows with
what they could see or orientation.
Re mentioned a place. My first
observation had been well a
bit north of center.

---- ECHO?
unknown

Actually, this
diagram is badly
drawn. I shall
redraw the path
below.


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-3-

Both sightings seem to show the
light. And little it seems as colored.
The activity this was not the
case. In fact, we - some that fact
will do to get at what the difficulty was in building which my felt
could and could - remain constant.

I later interviewed my friend,
who had not come if into the
typical discussion. He wanted to
help this own observation find
mind. As I mentioned, his
observations were very similarly
large now.

I have a sheet of paper with view
and note facts as to appearance,
etc. This my job sheet - showing of the event as I observed
it, and he will see a different
view by one more present. I this
additional note will help me
able to get to place it
on you.


- page 8 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

+

Any possible explanation you
might have would be of great help
with the case me.

Sincerely,

Champaign, Ill.
61821

Note: There is a section in the middle that appears to be redacted with black lines covering the text, making it unreadable.


- page 9 -

