PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 29 Jul 64

2. LOCATION: Norwich, New York

3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2000

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS: Yes   No

6. SOURCE: Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15-20 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

9. COURSE: Northeast

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Witness was driving on Route 12 near Norwich when he observed a bright white light in the sky. The object appeared to be hovering and then moved slowly to the northeast. Witness stopped his car and got out to observe the object. After 15-20 minutes, the object disappeared.

11. COMMENTS: Observed 5 yr old daughter. Object was stationary, then moved slowly. No sound heard.

12. CONCLUSIONS: [Checkboxes include options like "Was Balloon", "Probably Balloon", "Was Aircraft", "Probably Aircraft", etc., but no specific box is marked]

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 29 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[HEADING]
Unidentification - Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

[BODY OF TEXT - PARTIALLY LEGIBLE]
In accordance with AFR 200-2, a detailed investigation of unidentified flying objects reported by certain military and civilian sources was conducted. These and subsequent military service reports were carefully analyzed to determine the validity of the reported observations.

[Several paragraphs are partially obscured or blacked out, making full text extraction impossible]

Some sections of text are redacted or blacked out, preventing complete OCR. The document appears to be an official Air Force report about UFO investigations, dated in the 1960s, specifically related to Norwich, New York based on the filename.


- page 2 -

11 August 1964

UNIDENTIFICATION - Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

(SEE TWO)

Flight-Patterson AFB, Ohio 4843

1. In accordance with AFR 200-2, a detailed investigation of unidentified flying objects records in the Directorate, New York area, was conducted by Captain Richard W. Goss (Lt Col USAF Ret) during the period 3 Jul - 7 Aug 64, Rept 1041. At the time of personal interviews and other evidence, the following information was developed and is being reported at 27 July 64, and so evaluated and recorded as informative or record purposes.

2. No clearly cut conclusion which had to be solved or reports were developed during this investigation.

3. A review in Keens Valley near Norwich, reported sightings of unidentified flying objects which was given much publicity and actually observed.

4. In early July, five children in the town of Norwich also reported seeing a possibly an the ground, near public green.

5. On 27 July, near Norwich, N.Y. sighted an object which was a reasonable, measure was, called qualified as an observer.

6. The report developed a mass of records. The Sun Bulletin, a local tabloid type newspaper, WKNY-TV from local survey to original and technical reports.

7. On 29 July, [redacted text]

[The rest of the document contains some redacted/illegible text]


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

the period 30 July to 3 August. These reports consisted mostly of light sightings, unidentified flying objects, and other unusual aerial phenomena. The investigators interviewed approximately 20 persons and reviewed the case materials.

[Redacted text] who is an amateur sky watcher and researcher was positive of the most significant potential to reports in the sightseeing area during the period 30 July to 3 August. He and several other qualified observers had previously identified and sightings as sound.

3. FAA personnel and Weather Bureau personnel at Hancock County Airport reported no unusual sightings during the period 30 July to 3 August.

4. Newspaper clippings from the Bm Bulletin and Binghamton Evening News are included as enclosures.

5. Photos and a news magazine are included as attachments. These items were taken with a Polaroid 100 and ASA 3200 film. The investigator will note that the subject matter on this film is somewhat unusual.

6. Copies of the Memorandum and forms are included as Statement #3.

FOR THE COMMANDER

RICHARD B. BROWN
Captain, USAF
Investigating Officer

INCLS:
1. Interviews, 28 July, Norwich, NY
2. Interview, 30 July, Binghamton NY
3. Memorandum, 29 July, Binghamton NY
4. Newspaper clippings
5. Photos 3 35 mm negative
6. Maps

2


- page 4 -

Reported UFO - Norwich, New York, 28 July 1964

1. Description of Object:
   a. Shape - Circular
   b. Size - Larger than Basketball. Estimated diameter 8-10 ft.
   c. Color - Aluminum, metallic
   d. Number - One
   e. Formation - N/A
   f. Maneuvers - Had 1 luminous ring surrounding object, glowing, white
   g. Tail, Trail, etc. - No tail, or trail
   h. Sound - No sound
   i. Odors - None

2. Description of Course:
   a. Trajectory First saw the object 270 deg astronomic as he glanced to the 000 at a mile rise. He stopped his car and remained stationary.
   b. Angles, Elevation and Width at First Observation - Continued as 15° above horizon. Estimated 50' to 50' altitude and 170 to 180 yards from his observation point.
   c. Deviation, Azimuth, from Observance - None to 0. The object remained motionless during observation.

   d. Flight Mode - Motionless
   e. The object emitted three blinking flashes of light and disappeared, leaving no trace.
   f. Object visible 4 to 5 minutes
   g. Manner of Observation:
      a. Record - Visual
      b. N/A
      c. N/A

3. Date and Time of Sighting:
   a. 28/0730.
   b. Site Conditions - Clear, headlights were on.


- page 5 -

5. Location of Observer - 1.7 miles northwest of Norwich, N.Y. on a little used secondary road in unpolished, rolling hill country.

6. Identifying Information:
[Name and details are redacted/blacked out]

7. Weather
a. Observers known - clear night, some ground fog forming, not out in position of lighting.
b. No met weather data available at Norwich.
c. No unusual activity in the Norwich area at time of observation.

10. A weather balloon is released at Binghamton at 1200 each day. This balloon would not be above 250 miles (50920).

11. In as much this report has some validity for the following reasons:
a. The observer seems reliable.
b. The observer's description of the object or type like tends to the conclusion.
c. The observer stated that he stopped his car, was very enlightened and only saw the after the subject disappeared. (Witness, Norwich, N.Y. was a rural area and no interview other than [redacted]. Upon careful consideration his story, on the basis of the above information, the investigators are unable to offer a satisfactory analysis.

2 [page number at bottom of document]


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Glowing UFO Seen
By Norwich Man

(First Report)

Norwich -- State police that he saw an elliptical object hovering near the ground last night.

The report came from Lewis J. Dunbar, 51, a William Street, Norwich, a supervisor at Norwich State Hospital and a former Air Force master sergeant.

He said he saw an "object" hovering some 50 feet above the ground about three miles from Norwich some three miles from Route 12.

Mrs. Max Bech of Street Drive, Norwich, reported that the object in the sky at about 9:10 p.m.

She said it was traveling "very fast" in a northwesterly direction. The motion they were able to watch it for 10 to 15 minutes until the object disappeared from their view.

The terrain had been wooded to see some details. Mr. Dunbar said he was able to see some light in the sky over the family farm in the south of Norwich in Route 12.

State police at Norwich and State Police at Sidney are investigating.

Mr. Dunbar said he was head of the Civil Defense Communications County Civil Service Camp where his daughter, Norma, 15, is a counselor.

He said he accepted the object as a fact about five minutes. He said it traveled with no visible means of propulsion.

Then there were three changes of light which "mysteriously" changed its form.

The object was reported by the State Police at Sidney as a sighting.

City Firewagon
Stargazed in Sky

(This is a continuation of the report they observed a bright light, changing into a bright red, then changing colors as they saw it 9 o'clock last night.)

And now other firewagon members watched the sky.

They now watched city firewagon in the morning the morning.

George Boak, a long truck driver, said he and others were watching as it traversed the sky.

Firemen ...
(Continued From Page 1st)

UFO Sighted

DOUGLAS PLANTE, 16, of Norwich, said he watched the object with his father and other members of his family last night from the ground of a farm near East Norwich at 9 p.m.

He said the object was a round white light which seemed to hover over the ground some 300 feet away. It was seen for about 5 minutes and then disappeared.

The object had a hazy edge, he said, and seemed to have a round shape.


- page 7 -

The visible text on this document includes:

Top right corner:
FOR
CONTINUATION

Visible city/location names on the map include:
- Utica
- Carthage
- Syracuse
- Rome

The image appears to be a detailed road map or route map of a region, likely in New York state, with numerous interconnected roads and city/town names marked. The map is black and white and appears to be a scanned document with some fading and image artifacts.


- page 8 -

(FOR ADMINISTRATIVE ONLY)
Norwich, New York                                                27 July, 1964
                                                                 Norwich, New York

Among dozens of saucer sightings in upstate New York during late July, is that of a Norwich engineering executive who says he saw an elliptical object hovering near the ground on the night of July 27th. The engineer, named Louis Daubert, observed the UFO hovering about fifty feet over a field near the town of Sherburne. It made no sound...


- page 9 -

