1. DATE - TIME GROUP
11 September 64, 11/1102Z

2. LOCATION
Ulysses, Kansas

3. SOURCE
04-11-64

10. CONCLUSION
DEBRIS IN WIND
Evaluated as debris similar to a tumbl-weed rolling down the
road.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object coming at observer driving down road with lights on.
Object was round, and colored an hue as slight projection.
Size estimated about that of a car. Object was first observed
at an estimated 20 yds moving over the witness car.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Toward Observer

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

FORM 0-329 (TDE)
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
N/O

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS                 Poca City            Oklahoma
TELEPHONE NUMBER        AGE  27    SEX  F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?    Poca Newspaper
    11/21     Sept         Oct
    Day    Month    Year


- page 2 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   18     SEPT     64
                                                   Day     Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

IT CAME AT ME APPROXIMATELY 3 FEET OFF THE HIGHWAY WAS DULL COLORED, NO LIGHTS, NO SOUND. THERE WAS A BUBBLE ON TOP BUT IT WAS THE SAME COLOR AS THE REST AND WAS NOT TRANSPARENT FROM OUTSIDE. WHEN THE OBJECT BANKED TO GO ABOVE ME I COULD SEE A SMALL OPENING IN THE BOTTOM THAT APPEARED TO BE OPEN AND TUCKED UNDER. THERE WERE NO VISIBLE MOVING PARTS TO THE OBJECT BUT GAVE THE APPEARANCE OF WORKING BY MAGNETIC FORCE + ONLY AN ASSUMPTION.


- page 3 -

Interplanetary Intelligence of Unidentified Flying Objects
HAROLD C. HEWER, Associate Director
3005 West Edmond
OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Hq FTD (AFSC)
Box 9494
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45488


- page 4 -

FTD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
24 November 1964

Dear Hayden,

This is in reply to your letters of 10 Sep and 24 Oct 64. We hope that your visit to Wright-Patterson was enlightening. We are sorry that we cannot comply with your request for the complete file folders. These folders not only list the date and location of the sightings and the evaluation but also, the names of principal witnesses. I am sure you will understand our reasons for not releasing these lists.

The statistics provided yearly contain all of this information other than the names of the witnesses, and specific location, which has no bearing on the sighting itself. We are attaching a copy of the statistics for the first half of 1964.

In reviewing the NICAP publication "UFO Evidence" I note that the Stanford films were commented on as Photo Case #31, 18 Sep 56 and Photo Case #42, 23 Jul 59. NICAP did not regard these films as significant; the 23 Jul 59 photos having a negative evaluation were considered as dubious. The attached letter from Dr Hynek indicates that the Corra Christi, Texas photo of 23 Jul 59 is a color photo of Venus. This may or may not be the second Stanford film since the location was omitted by NICAP in their publication.

Regarding the light reported by we fail to understand the meaning of your question. No lights were reported by the sighting occurred during daylight hours. The marking on the side of the object was red.

Regarding your next question about a training film at Lackland AFB, on the subject of UFO's; we have no knowledge of the existence of such a film. Should you desire further information it is suggested that you contact Lackland directly to determine if such a film exists.

The sighting from Ulysses, Kansas, 11 Sep 64, presented certain conditions which would indicated that the object was something like a


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

tumble weed rolling down the road and being driven by the wind.
The following conditions indicate this as a possibility. The sighting
occurred at 0600 hours according to your form. The newspaper accounts
state 0500 hours. In either case the sighting occurred at dawn or just
prior to dawn since Mrs [illegible] was driving her car with lights on.
Total duration was only FIVE seconds, an extremely short time to notice
the detail indicated. The description of the object was a dull color
like mid or copper. The shape was very smoky, object antried no sound.
While the report indicated that the object was first observed 20 yards
away and her car was driving 40 mph she still observed the object
for five seconds. Either the distance to the object, the speed of
her car, or the duration of the sighting is in error. She estimates
the speed of the object as tremendous while in all probability the
speed of the object was very slow, and this motion was in reality the
consequence of her car with the object. The bubble on top could be
attributed to the stem or other protuberances of the object. The circumstances of the sighting and the sudden appearance of an object in the
road at an estimated 20 yards distance and moving toward the witness
driving her car, undoubtedly contributed some element of surprise or
shock which would have an effect on her interpretation of what
actually occurred. No other reports were received of Mrs Campbell's
observation.

We would appreciate further information on the Stanford movies
and any comments which he may have regarding Dr Byrek. I would like
to extend my appreciation for the model of a flying saucer.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

[Newspaper Clipping]
Just a Weco...

A "flying saucer" sighted September 11 by a motorist near Ulysses, Kan., may have been a wind-whipped tumble weed, the Air Force said Wednesday.

Maj. Hector Quintanilla Jr., chief of the aerial phenomena branch at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, said, "... conditions indicate this is a possibility."

Quintanilla made the analysis in a letter to Hayden C. Hewes, associate director of the Interplanetary Intelligence of Unidentified Flying Objects (HOUFO), headquartered in Oklahoma City.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case (Information Only)
Source: Hayden Hewes
11 September 1964

OKLAHOMA CITY TIMES
Wed., Sept. 16, 1964

'Saucer' Frightens Woman

PONCA CITY — Mrs. Ken Campbell, 22, of Denver, formerly of Ponca City and the mother of two small daughters, says she and her car were nearly hit by a flying saucer about 5 a.m. Friday at the west edge of Ulysses, Kan.

Rushed Sharply

Mrs. Campbell said that as she slowed down for a 40-mile zone near Ulysses, the lights of her car picked up "things" dimming along the highway, about three miles outside Ulysses, and something at a "tremendous speed."

She said it began climbing rapidly to avoid something like rushing wind. She said the object was about four feet in height and little farther across than the width of a highway lane.

She said the object had the color of dull "copper," no lights were visible, and there was a bubble on top. When it banked, she said, she could see a centerpiece on the underside.

She, admitted she was "scared to death," and believes she must have hit it at least 90 miles an hour at a rate she saw down the highway. She said she was shaking so-she could hardly talk, and she remained nervous. Then she stopped for coffee, drinking coffee and smoking cigarets until she could calm her nerves sufficiently to continue the trip to Ponca City with her two children.

She said she started to tell the man in the cafe what she had seen, but he didn't believe her. But to her, she said, "it was the biggest scare of my life."


- page 7 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
11TH SEPT 64
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 1:00
             Hour     Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: ULYSSES    KANSAS
               City or Town        State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    Hours    Minutes    5    Seconds
a. Certain     c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was line in sight determined? MULTIPLE BY RECOLLECTION
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

a. Other: VERY SMOOTH OUT
VERY DISTANT

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
NO, IT LIFTED AND WENT ABOVE MY CAR

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   NO   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   NO   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - RUSTY OR COPPER AND VERY DULL LIKE DULL WAS PUSHED
b. Color - NO SOUND ONLY A GUST OF WIND AS IT WENT BY

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
THE OBJECT WAS APPROXIMATELY THE SIZE OF MY CAR WITH EXCEPTION TO THE DIFFERENT SHAPES.
5c. BLACK 4 DR.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object is present on the page]


- page 10 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
TREMENDOUS
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 20 YARDS

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _______________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other JUST INSIDE CITY LIMITS

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast

c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other _______________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
NOTHING


- page 11 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object, and a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Those on Bauble.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ____________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 12 -

