PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: [Illegible]
2. LOCATION: [Illegible]
3. SOURCE: [Illegible]
10. CONCLUSION: INFORMATION ONLY

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: [Illegible]
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: [Illegible]
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: [Illegible]
7. COURSE: [Illegible]
8. PHOTOS:
   ☐ Yes
   ☐ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE:
   ☐ Yes
   ☐ No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
This case was reported in March-April 1966. Since the actual sighting had occurred some time ago it is almost impossible to check it out. Also due to the China lag this pertinent data has probably become distorted. Therefore this case is considered INFORMATION ONLY.

FORM DD, 0-20.3 (TDE) previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Hovered over the mountain, we
watched it there. Maybe 10 or 15
minutes before it moved on.

It looked to be several white
and red lights on it. More
white lights than red, and to me
it looked like two red lights and
that it kept rotating. Then it came
almost over us and you could hear
a whirring noise, but that no
airplane would make, almost like
a humming, all this time you could
see these lights going around on it.

It gradually came at one angle
and suddenly put on one very
bright light. It was traveling at
a high rate of speed which I do
not think anyone with our group
equipment could judge at all.

When it put these bright lights
on it turned like this. I know of no
airplane which can take a square
corner. Then it just kept going
out of sight.

It was a kind of hard to
believe we actually saw these flying
saucer. But it was there. It was a...


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Taken pictures of it.

We came with the House to
Call about it being an unidentified
flying object. a (U.F.O.) flying saucer.

I called the information
phone operator to get the right no.
to Call.

And I let through the Call I wish to then
[illegible text] he told his [illegible text] in the
[illegible text] called back and said to Call
Come over and look at his pictures. Some
single. This man gave us another
phone number to Call at Moffet
Field and they kept [illegible text]
only phone line out [illegible text]
Call me at [illegible text] 1:50 am for that
one phone Call.

The people at Moffet made
me feel that they didn't are were
just pulling their leg. we would
out I know spent it since 2 or 3
hours around it and in the
morning. But never called again
at [illegible text] it would take me from


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

There are other people that work with my husband and they some time they were made to feel foolish. During they regret a sighting around.

Can't see. They tell you to call when you see something like this. But when they do call, and are met or told they are just seeing things, well they begin to quiet, not (unclear word).

I would say that this sighting was at least 25ft. around, I could see wrong? But this is my guess.

I hope this information may be of some help to you. I will tell all I know, also what I think.

Sincerely yours,
San Jose, Calif. 95153
P.S. Phone via (blacked out)
AFCRL Code (blacked out)


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Sincerely yours
This

I hope you can forgive me
for not sending this little
sooner, where had our share
of sickness this past year, and
I'm afraid my work has
been very full of worry, so
and not much time for
writing.

Sincerely
Mrs.

our plane is
enclosed

San Diego Calif. 92133


- page 5 -

CALUS AIR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This Questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information to that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Date: AUG 1964
Month   Day   Year

2. Time of day: 9 35
(Circle One)   Hours   Minutes   (AM or PM)

3. Time Zone: (Circle One)   1. Eastern   2. Central   3. Mountain   4. Pacific   5. Standard   6. Daylight Saving

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: PARMA   City or Town: PARMA   State: MICH

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
12-25 sec   Hours   Minutes   Seconds

6. Condition of object:
a. Captain   b. Fairly Certain   c. Not very sure   d. Just a guess
6.1 Were you time in sight determined:   Yes   No
6.2 Was object in sight continuously:   Yes   No   Sinclair   Glances   stationary

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located at the object?
(Circle One):   a. In front of you   b. In back of you   c. To your right   d. To your left   e. Overhead   f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, 1 Jul 62, which is obsolete.


- page 6 -

FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

6. If you saw an object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
6.1 STARS: (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Can't remember

6.2 MOON: (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight-pitch dark
d. Don't remember

7. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS: (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER: (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. This object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy
b. Metallic
c. Transparent

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.3 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Indistinct

c. Other:

13. Did this object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away of any time?
c. Seem to hang suspended?
d. Go off at an angle?
e. Change shape?
f. Plunge earthward?
g. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question):
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 7 -

Official U.S. Air Force

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[Handwritten response, partially illegible]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in or out of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: [Handwritten response, partially illegible]
b. Color: [Handwritten response, partially illegible]

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[Handwritten response]: "I couldn't say. Three yards is also fine."

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A simple sketch of an object with an arrow indicating movement direction]

At the bottom of the page is a partially visible "NRHO" logo or text.


- page 8 -

UFO form continued                                                   Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
    (Circle One)    Yes        No

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
    (Circle One)    Yes        No

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
    (Circle One)
    a. Inside a building
    b. In a car
    c. Outdoors
    d. In an airplane (type)
    e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
    a. In the business section of a city?
    b. In the residential section of a city?
    c. In open country?
    d. Near an airfield?
    e. Flying over a city?
    f. Flying over open country?
    g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, complete the following questions:
    24.1 What direction were you moving?   (Circle One)
    a. North                 c. East                 e. West
    b. Northeast             d. Southeast            f. Northwest

    24.2 How fast were you moving?
    a. Miles per hour

    24.3 Did you stop at any time as you were looking at the object?
    (Circle One)    Yes        No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses            Yes    No     e. Binoculars           Yes    No
    b. Sunglasses            Yes    No     f. Telescope            Yes    No
    c. Windshield            Yes    No     g. Theodolite           Yes    No
    d. Window glass          Yes    No     h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object such as, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Note: Some handwritten annotations are present on the form, but they are partially illegible.]


- page 9 -

Official U.S. Air Force

Page 5

[Text for first instruction is partially illegible, but appears to be guidance for marking angles on a curved line]

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during this course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? [Handwritten response appears to be "2"]
Draw a picture of how they were grouped, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[The page contains two diagrams:
1. A curved line diagram with angles from 0° to 75°, showing a horizon and landscape
2. A compass-like circular diagram with cardinal and ordinal directions
3. Two simple path/trajectory sketches showing object movement]


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the UFO form:

UFO form continued                                                     Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
    NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.1 If you answered YES, did anyone who object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
    [Personal information redacted/blacked out]
    AGE 25   SEX MALE

    Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
    Airman Second Class
    Davis - Mathias AFB
    Tucson, Ariz

33. When and at what time did you spend that you had seen the object?   I reported 8 hrs
    [Date information partially blacked out]
    was told to believe me


- page 11 -

Dear Sirs:

In the Lansing State Journal this evening I read an article about your study of unidentified flying objects. That and all the recent publicity given them reminded me of an experience I had nearly two years ago. Perhaps you would like to add this to your collection.

We were living in the northern part of Oscoda, Michigan in the Fall of 1964. It was late in the season and all the leaves were off the trees. On this particular evening I had just returned from downtown. It was nearly dark and the stars had already come out.

I got out of the car and glanced above me at the sky to see what the weather was going to be like that night. As I was looking a falling star came out of the stars. I saw it when it started and it did come out of the stars. I watched it and soon realized it must be a meteor because it didn't burn out.

It was coming down terribly fast. I've never seen anything like it. It was also coming almost straight down towards me, it seemed. Now what amazed me was the fact that it suddenly stopped in the air. I am not very good at expressing fast but I can say it was about as high as a small tree when you can still see the windows plainly. A lot of them went over our house as I know.


- page 12 -

Official U.S. Air Force

24. Date you completed this questionnaire: [Date fields are blank]

25. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I realize this report is
years old but maybe
there is something in it
that may aid you.

The saucer sighting was
a great surprise to me
although I believe & in them
I never thought I'd believe in
them.

They changed color as
they stated & one of them
seemed to have a stability
problem as they hovered.
Not hovered quite a long
time if you have seen


- page 13 -

UFO form continued

Page 8

The film "Earth vs Flying Saucers"

You saw that the scientists developed a weapon that upset the ships maybe to field so that they tended to wobble in air. This is exactly what I use to describe the stability problem.

This was no hoax, you can believe what you can't but I know it that what I saw was real.

If you wish any additional information you can either you can find me.


- page 14 -

Rash of Sightings in Quebec

In the first part of August 1964 many residents of the Province of Quebec, Canada, reported unidentified objects. Although no exact dates were given, French language weekly, Le Nouveau Samedi in October 1964 reported increasing sightings for a period of 10 days preceding the 8th of August.

At Compton (about 90 miles ESE from Montreal), English Canadian soldiers reportedly heard a strange explosion while watching TV at about 9:30 p.m. He can outside and saw a ball of fire spreading toward the ground. At about 300 feet from the explosion, a piece of fire detached itself and flew until out of sight. Others witnessed this flight until out of sight.

Another report came from Mrs. Alice Pereault, in Repentigny, 5 miles from the North tip of Montreal Island.

Also in the early part of August, Mrs. Pereault (in one time) saw a round flat object with a dome on top which came from the west and hovered toward Berthier. Five other people also observed the craft.

On the third night many citizens of Montreal called police and military authorities to report a brilliant object speeding from southwest to northeast. The RCAF tower at St. Hubert and the Control Tower at Dorval International Airport saw nothing unusual on that night and officials were unable to give a plausible explanation for the citizens' observations.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO CASE (INFORMATION)                                                August 1964
                                                                      West Texas Area

[Left Column Headline]
Thing Sighted
Over San Angelo

[Left Column Text]
It is understood flying objects were getting a little too thick over San Angelo. First of the Federal Aviation Agency tower at Mathis Field reported it.

This came in response to a sighting reported by four San Angeloans Thursday night of an object that came out of the sky over San Angelo.

It appeared in midair about the time it got over San Angelo, said Frank Korbel, city of San Angelo, a Cosden Pipeline employe. Then it disappeared as quickly as it appeared.

Korbel said he and another Cosden fellow, Herman Biel, were outside in the Kashman addition shortly after 9 p.m. Tuesday when they saw it.

"It was a tremendous object," Korbel said. "There was a noise and it definitely was not a plane or helicopter or any other object being a plane or helicopter."

It might give the illusion of motion. "Just that it might seem to move a little from one spot to another. But during the time tracers can keep up with it, the object was definitely stationary."

"Last week and week before last along about 10 o'clock in the morning about three a.m. I saw two or three objects over the air base neighborhood," said Korbel. "They reported unidentified lights over the air base that morning."

[Right Column Headline]
LUBBOCK MAN GIVES
HIS VIEW OF 'THINGS'

[Right Column Text]
A Lubbock amateur astronomer has offered an explanation for the unidentified flying objects reported over San Angelo and other West Texas towns recently.

Stevens, president of the South Plains Astronomy Club, are tracers and ball-chasers.

He said the earth passes through the Perseid meteor belt about this time of year. And, both Cohn I and Lubbock have been and will be making passes within visual range.

Stevens said the Perseid meteors on or about 9 Wednesday can view the next few nights - maybe even on their bright nights in the hour of the "shooting stars".

[Bottom of document has some illegible text]


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case, Information only
Received 1st Ind. 11 Aug 64, Vol 2, #1

1 August 1964
Lansing, Mich.

BOY CAMPERS?

Portage Lake Area ... August 1, 1964 ... Rumors reach-
ing UFO had it that a UFO had come down in the Kee Lakes
Area and was seen by at least 50 persons, among them boys at the
Arrowhead Boy's Camp. A direct line to the Pentagon was provided
by FAA officials, according to the rumor factory.

So, Mr. Gus Cauldron and Davis (Sheldon) cranked up their
Cessna and went out to investigate. They found nothing new
as we found them.

At 1:00 A.M. August 6, Larry Chase, a KSM student, and
Victor Eskelsen spotted a reddish-orange object moving overhead
from NE to SW. It was out of sight in 1 to 1 1/2 minutes. No
sound or trail. It was about 4 times the size of a bright star.

They called Victor Eskelman, the Missaukee Camp director,
and he said he had seen the object from the camp. Binoculars, tel-
port, and city were put in contact with FAA. More later FAA
notified Mr. Weiss that they could not account for the object seen
by the boys. We talked to Victor Eskelman and he was convinced
that what he saw was not a conventional aircraft.


- page 17 -

Information Only
Source: NICAP, UFO Committee Review, Vol. 1, No. 2, Sep 64

Blackfoot, Idaho
August 1964

August 21 Blackfoot, Idaho: I will omitted observing a bright object
at a very high altitude moving in a northwesterly direction. The object was
in traverse the sky from southerly overhead to the horizon.


- page 18 -

Information Only
Source:    American UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64

August 4, Williams, Wash: A UFO was seen by two 17-year olds. It was described as being "pretty good-sized" and appeared as a bright yellow colored disk.

Billings, Wash
4 August 1964


- page 19 -

Information Only
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol. 3, No. 2, Pg. (4)

Holden, Wash
4-5 August 64

About 9:30 P.M. Witness, Mark: Two reports on 4-5 the night of the day were
a multi-colored lighted object was seen to appear across the sky. A second report was
in area is unidentified light circled over the city.


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

...Another item from Missoula, Montana, dated August 5th (see page 22), tells of four frightened young men who saw a saucer at treetop level, which, when approached on foot at a distance of a couple of hundred yards, suddenly shot three bright searchlight beams in different directions. A similar object, about 10 feet in diameter, then came out of the UFO. This lasting object was cone shaped with a row of square windows around its middle, and slightly colored lights on top and bottom...


- page 21 -

Information Only
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 3, Sep 64

Spokane, Wash.
6 August 1964

Unidentified Spokane, Wash. Several unidentified lights were seen in the skies over Spokane on this night.


- page 22 -

The object, whatever it was, didn't stop dead still. It sort of quivered and went down a few feet and then hesitated again. All this took only a minute or so.

Then very slowly, it started down at an angle. I was suddenly overcome with curiosity and I jumped back into the car and followed it. I was able to follow it nearly to the Owosso Memorial Hospital before it disappeared downward. As near as I could estimate it landed about 2 mile behind the hospital near the river (Shiawassee).

I began to be a little afraid to follow it back there so I turned around and went home. I considered calling the police but I thought about how ridiculous it would sound so I didn't. That night I guess the impact of what I saw did me because I got scared stiff and never did report it.

I might add that while it fell it was a blinding white, but when it stopped it seemed to change to a gila orange-like to a greenish and blue-white. It looked round and I couldn't see any definite lights on it.

I still feel rather silly about it but the more said on collect these things. Now I'd just as soon forget it because if you talk about it much it bothers you. I don't if it was a balloon considering where it came from and I never heard of meteors stopping in mid air. I definitely wasn't marsh gas. If it was something you folks have made, what on earth are you waiting time with rockets for. I very definitely don't believe in flying saucers and such but it has bothered me a little every since.


- page 23 -

Information Only
Source: America UFO Committee Review, Vol. 1, No. 2, Sep 64

Lansing, Michigan
6 August 1964

The text in the center of the page appears to be a newspaper clipping, but it is too small and blurry to read clearly. The text is illegible from this image.


- page 24 -

No Close, Information Only
Source: ATIC Building, Vol 3, P 1

FORMATION OF ELEVEN

August 8, 1964 ... 5:50 P.M. ... Three parachutists had just completed a jumping exhibition at North School on S.P. 62, just north of Massillon, Ohio.

Two of the wives were present, too, when one of the party picked up the light that had left an altitude in a ball and was perceived by one observer. These, against the clear sky was a formation of bright white star-like objects. They were formed into a triangular formation continuing 11 objects.

One of the objects in the formation moved forward as shown. About 4 minutes the formation was still clearly visible. No change of color, no movement, no other lights, stationary position.

Mr. and Mrs. Lee Hammock, Mr. and Mrs. Ben Wolfe and Lonnie Massey.


- page 25 -

Information Only
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64

Rockwood, Oregon
9 August 1964

Article 31: Rockwood, Oregon: A woman resident reported observing a small orange ball that appeared to be silhouetted with black stripes.


- page 26 -

Police Chief Views UAO

James Sculley, Chief of Police at Hamilton, Montana, observed a bright unconfirmed aerial object while camping near Painted Rocks Reservation on Sunday August 9, 1964.

Sculley and his family were camping above the State Creek Campground about 50 miles south of Hamilton when they were wakened by their dog barking excitedly at about 12:30 am. When he investigated the cause, Chief Sculley saw a very large bright object hovering next to a large mountain a few miles away.

"It was like trying to look at the morning sun," he said, and stated that the light action on the object was so bright that it illuminated the logging road and trees on the mountain adjacent to the object.

The object projected two beams, each at a 45 degree angle from either side, which lit up a 100-foot area. Sculley estimated the diameter of the object to be at least 25 feet. The lights went off and the area was plunged into darkness immediately. The object had apparently left.


- page 27 -

PROF. MANEY AND UFOs

The Professor sent us articles on UFOs carried by Crescent-News of Defiance, Ohio (August 1 and 15). These reports were given to Prof. Maney by residents and by letter writers.

One report concerns two young boys, John Dodson, 15, and Frank John Jilmano, 14, of Defiance. It happened on August 11.

The boys were walking near the railroad tracks 5 of S.R. 281 between 5 and 6 P.M. They say they observed and a was relatively dark for that time of day. Frankie suddenly saw a strange object in the sky above the General Motors (foundry) area far back in about half the diameter of a full moon.

It was domiciled with a flange base and was rotating slowly. It had lights around it horizontally and bright enough to illuminate the area. It moved horizontally at moderate speed and then shot up vertically at a faster speed and disappeared. They said it gave out a "whizzing" continuous whistling or hissing sound. Its color was "white".


- page 28 -

Information Only
Lansing, Michigan                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                "Many Reports Boys' Sighting"

Prof. Charles Maney, APRO member in Ohio, forwarded the following information:

John Dodson, 15, Frankie Jiminez, 14, of Defense Jr. High School, Defiance, Ohio, were taken to talk to Professor Maney of the Department of Physics, Defiance College, after they confided an experience to a friend.

The boys said they were walking near the railroad tracks between 5 and 6 p.m. on 11 August, 1964 when the object was beyond the General Motors Foundry when they sighted a strange object above the General Motors Water Tank. Frankie first spotted the object with was dome-like with a large base and appeared to be about half the diameter of the full moon. It seemed to be rotating slowly.

"It had lights arranged horizontally" and was bright enough to illuminate the area, the boys said. It moved horizontally by at a moderate speed and then shot up vertically at a great speed and had disappeared, according to the boys. They described the route as a "high-pitched continuous whirling of his missing sound" - and the color was "whitish".


- page 29 -

Information Only
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol 11, No 2, Sep 64

Royal City, Wash
19 August, 1964

Approximately Royal City, Wash: A very strange story occurred here with a group of motorists. They were driving on Highway 26, about 20 miles east of Ellensburg, at about 11:30 PM on 19 Aug 64. As they drove, they noticed a glowing spot appeared for a few seconds and then there was nothing there, exclaimed a clean driver.


- page 30 -

15 - 31 AUGUST 1964 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                           OBSERVER           EVALUATION

15      San Saba, Texas.                                      Satellite
15      New York City, New York                               UNIDENTIFIED
15      Yosemite Park, California                             UNIDENTIFIED
15      Highland Park, New Jersey                             Aircraft
16      Dayton, Ohio                                          Insufficient Data
17      West Macon, Georgia                                   Aircraft (w/Banner)
18      200 Miles E Dover (Atlantic)                          UNIDENTIFIED
18      Littleton, Colorado                                   Other (REFLECTION)
18      Denver, Colorado                                      Aircraft
18      Las Vegas, New Mexico                                 Insufficient Data
19      49.05N 171.40W (Pacific)                              Military Air
19      Wilbur, Washington                                    Satellite
19      Salt Lake City, Utah                                  Satellites
19      Nunn, Colorado                                        Insufficient Data
19      Teaneck, New Jersey                                   Balloon
19      Maco, Texas                                           Satellites
19      42.30N 176.40W (Pacific)                              Military
20      49.18N 169.15W (Pacific)                              Military Air
20      48.30N 159.30W (Pacific)                              Military Air
21      Moses Lake, Washington                                Civilian (PHOTOS)
22      Kititz, Pennsylvania, South of                        Civilian, Multiple
         Carmel UOR, Connecticut                              Other (HOAX)
23      Fairborn, Ohio                                        Military
24      Drexel Hills, Pennsylvania                            Satellite
25      Portales, New Mexico                                  Astro (JUPITER)
25      Dayton, Ohio                                          Astro (VENUS)
25      Lynn, Massachusetts                                   Aircraft
25      Littleton, Massachusetts                              Aircraft
27      33.40N 173.40W (Pacific)                              Satellite
27      Hondo, Texas                                          Other (STABILIZATION ON
                                                              CHUTE/PIECE OF EQUIPMENT)
27      Webster, Massachusetts                                Astro (SUN DOG)
27      45.50N 170.30W (Pacific)                              Military Air
27      Dayton, Ohio                                          Satellite
27      Citrus Heights, California                            Astro (ARCTURUS)
28 or 29 Littleton, Massachusetts                             Satellite
29      Altus, Oklahoma                                       Astro (METEOR)
29      Lone Pine, California                                 Aircraft
                                                              1. Astro (JUPITER)
                                                              2. Astro (CAPELLA)
                                                              3. Astro (FOMALHAUT)
31      Western Springs, Illinois                             Aircraft
31      Dayton, Ohio                                          Satellite


- page 31 -

I mentioned it to a few friends and most of them had a good laugh but I think I fathomed a couple so I stopped laughing about it.

Perhaps you can explain it but I don't really care. Now maybe I can get the whole thing off my mind and forget it.

My typing is not very good. I hope you will receive all the errors.

Very Sincerely


- page 32 -

Here is the text from the document:

MAY 3 1967

Reference your recent letter regarding your unusual observation in August 1964.

A study of the submitted data did not reveal a positive identification primarily because of the size of the blotches. The extremely important case as individual scope is good as possible. This enables Project Blue Book's analysts to broadcast any available data material.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force. I have enclosed a report on Project Blue Book which I think you will enjoy reading.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachments


- page 33 -

Dear Major Quintonella,

Before I get into what I want to say, I will introduce myself first. My name is [illegible] I'm seventeen years of age and am in the 12th grade.

I have been doing research on UFOs since 1964, when myself, along with the rest of my family, spotted what appeared to be some sort of UFO. I call it a UFO because we were unable to identify it as any known aircraft we have over seen. I know that I am no authority on this subject, but as I told you before that I have been doing research on the subject and have not come up with any answers that fit the description of what we saw. I have read my articles on UFOs and am very interested on the subject. I have many UFO reports and I have taken in this area from many people. Some are very interesting and some are just puzzling. Just last Thursday half the people in [illegible] saw what I would call an AFD. The man saw more than others claimed that change their color from red to blue to purple back to grayish white. Later we head that a weather station was doing experiments causing clouds. So I guess those clouds we saw were the experiment.

But the reason I wrote this letter is to find out that what my family saw was a UFO or what. I will describe it the same way that on August 3, 1964 the family of Mr. [illegible] saw what appeared to be a UFO. It is hard to tell the size or distance because it was too far away. We first noticed the object around 5:30 P.M. It was my mother who called our attention to it. She came in and said to all of us, "You won't believe it, but there is a consort of silver object in the sky." Come this object we were all quite amazed, especially my father who thinks many people do about UFOs, that they are nothing but peoples imagination. Running away with them. But to this day, even after seeing what we all saw, so as not to believe in UFO. So back to the main topic, the object was very bright, and was traveling on what appeared to be a course. It stopped for about five minutes then just vanished. There was no noise what so ever.


- page 34 -

Here is the text from the document:

Please if you can tell us what a new. To would appreciate it greatly. I know that you are head of project Blue Book and that your opinion will be most grateful.

Thank you very much,

"Those that don't believe are those that don't see."


- page 35 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

410 HIGH STREET
PITTSBURGH, PA

Muse
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15200

(14) Mod Hegan

The text appears to be partially obscured or cut off in some areas, and there is a partially drawn map or diagram in the top portion of the document.


- page 36 -

Here is the text from the document:

MRS.
SAN JOSE, CALIF. 95132

DEAR BORN OBSERVATORY,
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
MR. WILLIAM T. POWERS
DEAR SIR:

I AM SINCERELY HOPING TO
ANSWER YOUR QUESTIONS AND I WILL
GIVE EVERYTHING GOES I HAVE HAPPENING
WITH MY SORE EYES.

FIRST AND FOR MOST MY
SOME AGED TO
NEW OLD AND AGAIN CLEARLY
OUT OF MY THOUGHTS. SOME WHERE OUT-
SIDE SITTING ON THIS DAY TALKING JUST
RELATING THE SITES THAT OCCURRING
VISIBILITY WAS CLEAR AT THAT TIME.
THEY BOTH CAME RUNNING WITH
THE SAME APPLIED AND SAID TO COME
AND SEE FLYING SAUCER CLEAR SEEN
JUST BACK ON THE MOUNTAIN.

I WENT OUT SIDE WITH THEM AND
WE WAITED SOME 15 OR 20 MINUTES OR AT
LEAST IT SEEMED THAT LONG. ALL THE
TIME WATCHING FOR IT OVER THE MOUNTAIN.
MY WIFE, I WILL SAY, IT WAS OUTSIDE...

Note: Some words are partially obscured or illegible due to black redaction marks on the document.


- page 37 -

