The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book, which was a systematic study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) conducted by the United States Air Force from 1952 to 1969. The card contains various fields such as Date, Location, Type of Observation, Informant and Description of Object, and Conclusion.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 15 Jun 54
2. LOCATION: Washington, D.C. 
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2323
4. TYPE OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 min
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. COURSE: At first very bright light, appeared to move up, then down, then steady. Appeared as a lit satellite reflected light of ground illuminator.
8. CONCLUSION: Insufficient information to determine nature of stimulus. Object with brightness of a star was observed, but could not be identified.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document or form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information section, likely related to Project Blue Book and the investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force a complete report on the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you submit will be used in connection with the system-wide analysis of the reports that we receive, and it may be deemed necessary that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5.1 Certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with a questionnaire about observations of the stars, moon, and weather conditions.

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. Stars (Circle One): a. None b. Bright moonlight c. Dull moonlight
b. Moon (Circle One): d. No moonlight - pitch dark e. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Overcast or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Luminous d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same
11.1 Compares brightness to some common object: -

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Other -

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

The image contains a blank space that appears to be a placeholder for a photograph, but no actual photograph is present.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
SILVER

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
IF YOU ANSWERED YES, PLEASE INDICATE BELOW: (Circle one)
Behind cloud. Yes / No 
Don't know.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one)
In front of cloud. Yes / No
Don't know. If you answered YES:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color SILVER

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length and measure the unknown object in proportion to the known size of the match stick. If this cannot be determined, write "unknown".
UNKNOWN

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any outstanding features of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially the direction of motion or the direction the object was moving.

[The image shows a simple hand-drawn oval shape.]

- page 4 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observer's experience.

23. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

If you answered Yes, then what speed would you estimate? No speed estimate provided.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No

If you answered Yes, then how far away would you say it was? No distance estimate provided.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) a. Inside a building
                  b. In a car
                  c. Outdoors
                  d. In an airplane (type)
                  e. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes   No

23. Did you share the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses*   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses*   Yes   No
c. Binoculars   Yes   No
d. Telescope   Yes   No
e. Windshield   Yes   No
f. Window glass   Yes   No
g. Other _

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you observed.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a diagram and instructions.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the horizon (skyline) where the object was first seen. Show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "0" on the horizon (skyline) where you last saw the object.

23. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they moved.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or date and location.
(No response provided)

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
(Redacted information)

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME (Redacted)
ADDRESS (Redacted)
TELEPHONE NUMBER (Redacted)
AGE (Redacted)
SEX (Redacted)
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be related.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - Month - Year

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document, possibly a Project Blue Book UFO report, with a form-like structure and fields for entering information.

24. Date you completed this questionnaire: ___ Day ___ Month ___ Year

25. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire as a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

