PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
28 Feb 64

2. LOCATION
Manchester, New Hampshire

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT 29/2330Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
XX Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
XX Yes □ No, Time Exposure

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 hours 45 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
two

9. COURSE
West

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Report of observation of two objects in Western sky observed in motion to the NW for 2 hours and 45 minutes.

11. COMMENTS
Venus and Jupiter in position of the reported objects. Setting identical with that of end of sighting.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
XX Was Astronomical, Jup
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 53)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the colored line to show how high the object was above the horizon (azimuth) when you FIRST saw it. Place a "B" on the same line to show how high the object was when you LAST saw it.

[Sketch of an object with a curved line and labels A and B]

39. In the following larger sketch place an "A" on the position the object was first. You FIRST saw it, and a "B" at the position. Then you LAST saw it. (Attach no small sketch. Use the larger sketch.)

[Larger sketch with two circular diagrams showing an object's movement, with A and B labels]

39. Were there any KNOWN aircraft in the sky during your sighting?
(Circle One)   YES   NO

If you answered YES, list the following or attempting to intercept:
(Continued on other sheet)

If you answered NO, please state BRIEFLY why you believe no aircraft could have been responsible:
(Continued on other sheet)


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

3. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
3.4.1 CLOUDS(Circle One)
    a. Clear sky
    b. Hazy
    c. Scattered clouds
    d. Thick or heavy clouds
    e. Don't remember

3.4.2 WEATHER(Circle One)
    a. Dry
    b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Snow
    e. Don't remember

3.4.3 TEMPERATURE(Circle One)
    a. Cold
    b. Cool
    c. Warm
    d. Hot
    e. Don't remember

36. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Official or Organization Name(s)    Day    Month    Year
[Multiple blank lines for entries]

36. Have you determined positively to your satisfaction Flying Object?
(Circle One)    YES    NO    IF YES, how much? (Circle One)    LITTLE    MUCH

37. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)    YES    NO

37.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)    YES    NO

37.2 Please list their names & addresses if you circled YES:
(Attach separate sheet for more)

38. Has this the first time that you had seen an object(s) like this?
(Circle One)    YES    NO

38.1 If answered NO, then when, where, & a where else? (Attach extra sheet(s) if necessary)
[Partially illegible handwritten text]

39. In your opinion, what do you think the object(s) was or might have been?
[Handwritten response: "NOW?"]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

40. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES (NO)
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? MPH

41. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES (NO)
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? FEET

42. Did the object(s) cause any interference with the operation of:
(Circle where applicable) RADIO? TV? LIGHTS? OTHER?
If you underlined any of above, explain the interference below:

43. Was a photo taken of the object(s)? (Circle One) YES NO
Would you be willing to submit a copy? (Circle One) YES NO
If you circled YES, please send copy indicating monetary reimbursement.

44. Do you belong to a. Organization which investigates Unidentified
Flying Objects? (Circle One) YES (NO) IF YES, list them below:

45. May we publish your report if your name is kept confidential?
May we publish your report a. as you name (Circle One) YES NO

47. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
Last Name First Name Middle Name

ADDRESS [partially redacted] University City City MO
Street City State

TELEPHONE NUMBER

What is your present job? STUDENT

AGE 20 SEX M

Please indicate any educational training you have had (Number of years)
a. Grade school 8 b. Technical school
c. High school 4 d. College 2
e. Post graduate f. Other specialized training C.A.P.

[Signature and date at bottom are redacted]


- page 4 -

REPORT ANALYSIS

ASTRONOMICAL DATA

SW - Beta Ceti - 2nd magnitude single NOT APPLICABLE
NW - Alpha Cygni 1st magnitude single NOT APPLICABLE
W - Jupiter (-1.8 magnitude) Close QUESTIONABLE
   - Venus (-3.6 magnitude) Pair (See data below)

DATA IN FAVOR                                DATA AGAINST

1. Both bright                               1. Definite movements
2. Less than 2° apart                           (see items 11, 20, 33
3. In general area at time                      on UFO Data Sheet)
   Objects first seen (see item               2. Large size of objects
   29 on UFO Data Sheet)                         (see item 22 on UFO
4. Above horizon for almost exact                Data Sheet and Photo)
   duration of sighting.                      3. Observer's Familiarity
   a. Sighting: 6:30-9:15 PM                     with stars and planets
   b. Jupiter: Set approx 8:57 PM              4. Stars and planets were not
   c. Venus: Set approx 9:08 PM                  recorded on exposure
                                                 although it was a very
SUN - Set 5:32 PM. Consistent with item 8.1      clear evening with stars
       on UFO Data Sheet

MOON- Apparent inconsistency in item 8.1, i.e. "no moonlight-dark"
       Data: rose - 6:51 PM (21 minutes after initial sighting)
       phase - Old Gibbous (Very bright - Full, the preceding night)

Possible explanation:
       Moon had not risen during initial sighting time
       Photos were taken from an open window facing W/NW
       Moon, rising later, was obscured from their sight
       because of the building they were observing from.


- page 5 -

REPORT ANALYSIS (continued)

PHOTOGRAPHIC DATA

MAKE OF CAMERA - Crown Graphex-Graphic
SIZE OF FILM - 4 X 5
SPEED OF FILM - 100
LENS OPENING - F 4.5 (lowest camera would go)
DISTANCE SETTING - Infinity
EXPOSURE INFORMATION - 3 Exposures on one 4 x 5 sheet
                        length of each exposure = ½ minute
                        time between each exposure = ?

(To show movement of objects the shutter was opened and
closed three times resulting in a triple exposure of
the pair of objects)

MISCELLANEOUS INFORMATION -

1. Enclosed photo is a copy of the print sent me. I have
   not seen the negative or other photos yet. All
   correspondence was mail and telephone.

(Photo History = I had a negative made from the print sent me and had
               copies made from it. Very little detail was lost if an)

2. Camera was held by tripod
3. Photo taken from open 4th story window
4. Other photos and negatives in possession of observers

College Address: c/o St. Anselm's College
               Manchester, N.H.
Home Addresses: Timothy O'Neil (See UFO Data Sheet)
                David Van Buskirk, Dunstar St., Framingham, Mass.

CONCLUSION:

This report is submitted to supply information to those who
are investigating unidentified flying objects. By itself it
helps demonstrate that such objects exist. When added to the
ever-growing body of UFO information it may help in someway to
answer the more important questions such as: What are UFO's?
Where do they come from? What is their purpose? What is their
propulsion system? What effect will they have upon mankind if
they are inter-planetary in origin? It is to this end that this
report is written. To the best of my knowledge the information
contained within is factual.

[Signed]
Raymond E. Fowler


- page 6 -

MANCHESTER, NH, 28 FEB 64

CASE INCLUDES MAP WITH
NEWSCLIPPING & ONE (1) 5"x5"
PHOTO ATTACHED


- page 7 -

The text on this page is mostly illegible. There are some faint markings at the top of the page, but they are not clear enough to read with confidence. The main feature of the page is a black and white photograph showing several white or light-colored objects against a dark background, appearing somewhat blurry and grainy.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Flying Saucers Are Reported

MANCHESTER, N.H. (AP) - A couple of St. Anselm's College students have reported spotting two flying saucers. And what's more, the boys say they photographed its strange objects.

John O'Neil of St. Louis, Mo., and David Van Nostrand of Farmingham, Mass., two students at St. Anselm's and both newspaper staffers for the Campus Crier, reported seeing the "saucer-shaped objects" Thursday.


- page 9 -

This image is a road map of New Hampshire, showing numerous towns and cities connected by highways and roads. Manchester is circled in black, indicating it is a point of interest. The map includes cities like Concord, Portsmouth, Dover, Rochester, Nashua, and many smaller towns. Highway numbers are marked, and the map covers most of New Hampshire's geographic area, showing the road network across the state.


- page 10 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Flying Saucers
Are Reported
MANCHESTER, N.H. (AP) - A couple of St. Anselm's College students have reported spotting two flying saucers. And what's more, the boys say they photographed them.

Timothy O'Neil of St. Louis, Mo., and Davis Van Arsdale of Wilmington, Del., told a newspaper reporter they saw the objects while driving near the campus Sunday night.

[The rest of the text in the newspaper clipping is partially illegible]

The image also contains multiple road maps of New Hampshire showing various cities and highways, and a grainy black and white photograph with what appear to be white/light-colored objects against a dark background.


- page 11 -

Wenham, Massachusetts
5 May 1964

Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio

Attention: Major Maston M. Jacks

Dear Major Jacks:

Enclosed please find detailed UFO Report and Photograph.

I have enclosed a copy of my personal resume to provide background on myself as investigator. I have corresponded with ATIC in the past, viz. a report concerning a low-hovering UFO sighting by my wife in June 1961; a report on a sighting in South Weymouth, Mass. in June 1963; and, I've sent various newspaper clippings on UFO's to ATIC.

I have followed UFO Reports seriously since 1947 and hold membership in NICAP, APRO, and a local UFO Study Group etc. to provide myself with up-to-date information - hence my interest in making personal investigations whenever possible. I trust that this report will be of some value to you, if only a statistic.

If I can be of any further help to you concerning any local UFO sighting in my area, I will be glad to cooperate.

Yours Sincerely,

REF/ref


- page 12 -

SIGHTING ACCOUNT

[Redacted] was walking back to his dormitory from the cafeteria around 6:30 P.M. when he noticed two white globular objects flying slowly out of the West and moving toward the Northeast. Realizing that he was observing something of an unusual nature, he called the objects to Timothy's attention. They ran to the photo lab of the College newspaper, "The Campus Crier", for which they are photographers, to obtain cameras; - opened the window which was on the fourth floor of the Administration Building; - set up a 16 mm. camera with a 100 exposure capacity and attempted to obtain sequence-shots of the objects but the film jammed. They then set up a large press-type camera on a tripod and began taking time exposures of the objects.

The objects were in their sight for a total of two hours and forty-five minutes. They left the scene when Timothy and David left to develop the films in an adjoining dark room.

I questioned [Redacted] about the possibility of their having seen Jupiter and Venus which were bright and exceptionally close together on that particular evening. He said emphatically that the objects were too large and bright to be planets or stars; that they were moving; and, although there were stars in the sky at the time, they were not bright enough to be recorded on 3-film during the exposures, whereas the intense white objects were recorded. He added that he knew what stars and planets looked like.

Although others saw the objects, they did not show very much interest. Timothy and David have both read several books on UFOs including "The Report on the Unidentified Flying Objects" by the late E. Ruppelt - hence their great interest. Timothy phoned the newspaper (see clippings) and himself showed any interest in investigating this sighting although they received an anonymous crank letter concerning it.

I feel personally that [Redacted] and [Redacted] are sincere and objective observers. The photograph (attached) was taken by an excellent camera (see photo analyst) and both are competent photographers. Although there are minor inconsistencies (see Report Analysis) in this report, I am convinced its overall contents are factual.

[Handwritten date: May 6, 1964]


- page 13 -

13 Friend Court
Wenham, Massachusetts

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting - 28 February 1964 - Manchester, N.H.
CONTENTS: Photograph
            Newsclipping
            Sighting Account
            UFO Data Sheet (Xerox Copy)
            Report Analysis

FROM: Raymond E. Fowler
TO: List

W/ATTACHMENTS                W/O ATTACHMENTS
ATIC-USAF                    T. O'Neil
NICAP                        D. Van Buskirk
MASS/RI UFO GROUP
W.N. Webb

The following report with attachments provides detailed information concerning the sighting of two unidentified flying objects by students [redacted] and [redacted] on 28 February 1964 at St. Anselm's College located in Manchester, New Hampshire.

[Signature]
Raymond E. Fowler
NICAP Investigator

REF/ref


- page 14 -

UFO DATA SHEET                                                Page One

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give as much information as possible concerning the unidentified flying object which you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in any publications without your permission.

Thank you very much for your cooperation in this matter.

Investigators: National Investigation Committee on Aerial Phenomena
                Newland, Snider
                13 Friend Court
                Wenham, Massachusetts

1. When did you see the object?                2. Time of day: 6:30      30
                                                (Circle One): PM         MINUTES
                                                (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving Time
3. Time zone: (Circle One):                    b. Standard
    a. Eastern                                 Time
    b. Central
    c. Mountain
    d. Pacific
    e. Other _______

4. Where were you when you saw the object?     N/A
    St. Anselm's College    Manchester          State or Country
    Nearest Postal Address   City or Town
    Additional remarks: 4 Elm Dormitory 2nd fl.

5. Estimate how long you saw the object.       7       45      SECONDS
                                                HOURS   MINUTES

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of
your answer to Question 5:
    a. Certain    b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?          Such a haze of daylight
    (Circle One): a. Bright daylight           b. Haze of daylight
                  b. Dull daylight             c. Bright sunlight
                  c. Bright twilight           d. Don't remember

7. If you saw the object OUTSIDE, OVERHEAD, or NEAR, where was the
SUN located as you looked at the object?
    a. In front of you    b. To your right    c. Overhead    d. To your left    e. Don't remember


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice
concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (circle one):   a. None
                           b. A few
                           c. Many
                           d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (circle one):    a. Bright moonlight
                           b. Dim moonlight
                           c. No moonlight - dark
                           d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle one): YES   b. NO   c. DON'T REMEMBER

10. If it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that
of an automobile headlight appearing to be? (CIRCLE ONE BELOW):
    a. A mile or more away? (a distant car)
    b. Several blocks away?
    c. A block away?
    d. Several yards away?
    e. Other?

11. Did the object:                                 (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?        NO   DON'T KNOW
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?   NO   DON'T KNOW
    c. Break up into parts or explode?            YES  NO   DON'T KNOW
    d. Give off smoke?                            YES  NO   DON'T KNOW
    e. Change brightness?                         YES  NO   DON'T KNOW
    f. Change shape?                              YES  NO   DON'T KNOW
    g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?                YES  NO   DON'T KNOW

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One): YES   NO   DON'T KNOW   If you answered yes, then
    tell what it moved behind: ____________________

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly
    a cloud?
    (Circle One): YES   NO   DON'T KNOW   If you answered yes, then tell what it moved in front of: ____________________

14. Did the object appear (Circle One): SOLID   TRANSPARENT   DON'T KNOW

15. Did you observe the object:
    a. Eyeglasses   YES NO   d. Binoculars   YES NO   g. Other:
    b. Sun glasses  YES NO   e. Telescope    YES NO
    c. Windshield   YES NO   f. Camera       YES NO


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Will you in a few words the following things about the object:

a. Shape: None

b. Color: Very White

17. (Text is partially illegible, but appears to discuss describing the shape of the object and its appearance)

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 2
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, & put an arrow to show
the direction that they were traveling.

The document also contains several hand-drawn circles and an arrow pointing from S to N.


- page 17 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path and show any changes in direction during the course.

[A hand-drawn diagram with points A and B is present]

21. If POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. _________________ Feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear to compare with a size of the following objects when seen in the sky? (Circle One):
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin.        g. Silver dollar
b. Pea                   h. Baseball
c. Dime                  i. Grapefruit
d. Nickel                j. Basketball
e. Quarter               k. Other ________________
f. Half-dollar

22.1 CIRCLE ONE of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to question 22:
a. Certain    b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure    d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? AT NO TIME

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, using your own words, describe in single words some conditions like: the object that you saw. Of what type MATERIAL would you make it? How would it look? and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a general object or objects which might give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten text at bottom of page appears to read: "White ground of a large"]


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object. (Give full details)

Wile driving from Captain's hill low be at the height

28. IF YOU WERE DRIVING AN AUTOMOBILE OR OTHER VEHICLE AT THE TIME, COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS:
a. What direction were you moving? (Circles One)
    a. North    b. East    c. South    d. West    e. Northwest

28.0 How fast were you moving?

28.3 DID YOU STOP AT ANY TIME WHILE OBSERVING OBJECT?
    YES    NO

29. What direction were you looking when you FIRST SAW the object? (Circles One)
    a. North    b. Northeast    c. East    d. Southeast    e. South    f. Southwest    g. West    h. Northwest

30. What direction was you looking when you LAST SAW the object? (Circles One)
    a. North    b. Northeast    c. East    d. Southeast    e. South    f. Southwest    g. West    h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (a. grid direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon.

31.1 When it first appeared:
    a. From true North    35    degrees
    b. From horizon    30    degrees

31.2 When it disappeared:
    a. From true North    337    degrees
    b. From horizon    -10    degrees


- page 19 -

