PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 23 Feb 64
2. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 2100
3. LOCATION: Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. GMT: 24/0200Z
6. PHOTOS: No
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: not reported
8. SOURCE: civilian
9. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: ONE
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Gold ball flew across sky at speed of 5,000 mph. Estimated alt 5-6,000 ft. No a/c in area. Diameter 50 ft., 12 inch thick...

11. COMMENTS: Speed indicates meteor observation. Duration not reported. Form 164 sent and no answer. Case carried as insufficient data.

12. CONCLUSIONS: [Checkboxes include options like "Was Balloon", "Probably Balloon", "Was Aircraft", "Probably Aircraft", "Was Astronomical", etc.]


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

17. Was the information on the interrogation form was too come known for President Roosevelt and President Truman?

18. Was work army of the information be released to the public?

19. List in the Department of Defense stand of?

20. Were there government or the Soviet known for a response of this any?

21. Were what there was going to be on statistically was?

22. Was they admitted Captain Rowe Huntsville place, the area of it, did they find the pieces were dispatched?

23. Was a secret to his investigation being going or behind closed doors?

24. How many planes have been listed missing on the last time years and were found?

25. How many more incident must happen before we extend to on the basis of fact what place in their Beings??? (Partial) on Peoples

26. How many times must we not write to or submit to that must

27. How many of the must see one photo to before we

The text appears to be a series of numbered questions, possibly part of an interrogation or investigation document related to some event or incident.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

28. How many light years are
     here anyway from this point?

29. Have today kindly typed long
     prominent people?

30. What do we want from them?

31. Did we make a point or allowed
     with other and break it?
     might
     write

P.S.
     Many just have pity on what now
     we being!


- page 3 -

October 14, 1963

Dear Mr.

This is in response to your recent letter requesting information on the subject of unidentified flying objects.

This Office, which has the primary responsibility for releasing information concerning the subject of unidentified flying objects, does not have a clerical staff of sufficient size to permit our entering into prolonged discussions with individuals other than bona fide scientific researchers.

It is recommended that you obtain a copy of "The World of Flying Saucers" by Menzel and Boyd. This book has recently been published by Doubleday. It may help to clarify some of your queries on this subject.

Sincerely,

MASTON N. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr.
Philadelphia 45, Pa.


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Secretary of Defense
Office of the Secretary
Washington 25, D.C.

Dr. Hunter McMann:

I would like now to review
the above following questions
like matter, as I'm curious about things like
H.P.O. and operations Washington.

(1) Past reports from work
on U.P. and work station from
later consider all or no
timing tests that develop appear
in our work of aircraft?

(2) For Commercial Passenger Airlines
just developing into Washington
like the terrestrial star-burst side
inter range?

(3) I see we're to discuss to perhaps
have some a question about H.P.O.
then on telling the line force to
and determine what estimate we
at it may are not there

Philadelphia, PA, Pennsylvania


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

4. to hear in the Defense Department Policy on U.S.?
5. how did the Defense Department tell the Army to list all cases of the Brigadier Requisite for July 4, 1947?

1. what was on view that he was concerned?
2. The file from page 46 said "New Mexico Dec. mine find"?
1. what at a Pueblo U.F.O.?
2. Did could it have been seen at work U.F.O. with good business documents?
3. How long were the New Mexico Docs?
4. Did it have an atomic engine or get engine or Electro-magnetic engine?
5. Did the Nevada administration like the Truman administration on the function of U.F.O.?
6. Was the Secretary of the Army at that time to July 9, 1947 told what the Brigadier Euchre authorize the troops to get "Declassification permit" July 4, 1947?
7. Did the Department of the Air Force then part of the Army have anything to do with the license of the July 4, 1947 action of the license required?
8. how to rectifying to have you mean to the U.S. problem?

(Note: Some parts of the text are difficult to read with complete certainty, so this transcription represents my best interpretation.)


- page 6 -

U.F.O. Problem Investigator?

1. What really caused Captain Martell in 1947 to crash the plane he was in as engaged?

7. What was he saying while he was going after the event?

10. Did Captain Martell have an action hypothesis?

11. Can the future log of U.S. Coast Guard men in 1952 at the intake Massachusetts at the U. army Air Station? 1. Were they army pilots?
2. Were they Air Force planes?
3. Were they Navy planes?
4. Were they British planes?
5. Were they Formosan " "
6. Were they Fitch " "
7. Were they Special " "

13. Was the U.F.O. or from other signals may have? Visually, Reporting "after" Mercury, Jupiter, or are they from "the truth nature" to have some feeling or is there a truth element in northern England?

13. Was or an activity where we can see what was that? Certain areas in northern France or army and other areas perhaps in the


- page 7 -

14. Who in the Defense Department he has phone
called about 12 P.M. Who does it show the
Question?

15. Who was the Department of Defense man near
out - in Black belt activity significantly out to silence
him. Talked to and Buddy who wanted to show
his work while gone still the truth about x
U.F.O. Reporting?

16. When saw your near cargo about 11 near ago
named Christmas card 15 able who watched to tell
about the many Island incident?

1. Who had the man via Blank visit Dahl and
Christmas

2. Who was the coast guard going to court
Martial after?

3. & what did they know - what exactly of the United
States did not know?

4. Who did the man via Blank threaten Dahl?

5. Was the man via Blank from Earth? or from
the great unknown?

17. I to be able to enter with our known & pattern
space power? to do the written state in 11 th
p.g.)

18. I to there figure "now going to help know
new to do entry arrested? 2 to
1 1/2 to Earth & power of new unknown figure know.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

19. Is log 1 in the United States Army here the Horizon Parallax coding 1947?

20. 1 c. This is a war going near other space between two space * units.

21. Are we helping one space power on set?

22. Will be to control its space over some space power

23. What kind of response are you giving them?

21. Is the United States Air Force Eighth Command helping the space power?

22. Are we or a military advantage by helping this space power?

23. Is the help a "top priority" thing?

24. Is or was in the United States have known space W.R.R. was some political beliefs?

25. Are the unknown space entered having our country over?

26. Why won't the government tell the people about the U.F.O.s?

27. Please make me & 300 question!
Are the U.F.O. space rather space
are the U.F.O.s from outer space
are the U.F.O.s from outer space
are the U.F.O.s from outer space
are the U.F.O.s from outer space
are the U.F.O.s from outer space
are the U.F.O.s from outer space


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

28. Where do the U. Firs 2 come from?
29. Do they still they here? (U.S.?)
30. Do we still the U.Firs 2 to come?
31. Do feel certain as then relate to the
United States?
32. Please answer these questions, more
will come

Signed
Visitor [name redacted]


- page 10 -

Philadelphia, Pa.

The Secretary of Defense
Office of the Secretary
Washington 25, D.C.

Air Mail

[A postmark stamp for "PHILADELPHIA" is also visible on the document]


- page 11 -

Project Blue Book Information Office
Hq. U.S. A.F. CLAFC-DIPR)
The Pentagon
Washington

On February 23 at 4:30 p.m. I saw
a golden object in across the
sky, it was an straight course,
at was moving 500-600 ft above
the ground. No aircraft in
view.

The object was gold, a sky
color, looked like gold ball.
It flew past quickly at about
500 to 500 mph, no sound, no blink
or course.

The character of the object was
not clear, was just out to low a
height to determine.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

"Project Blue Book"
Department of the Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

Gentlemen:

I would like the "Project Blue Book" 
shelf or copy or following
Pertinent: They must be reviewed

1. If you tell the Air Force (A.F.O.) position officially
begun?

2. How many persons are now in "Project Blue Book"?

3. When & are registering yours the & is such here to
join the Air Force and get on "Project Blue Book" 
as that possible?

4. How many good undercover have you had with the
years Project Blue Book right to minutes later? Now?

5. Do more of Project Blue Book information classified
I to such have before come? Photos of A.F.O.?

7. Did Project Blue Book set aside the forms on
117? to apply the Wright-Patterson (or who) 1960?

8. Of the statistical patterns or missing or in
progress now, what are the means?

9. Did "Project Blue Book" personnel actually have to

[Note: The last line is partially cut off and incomplete]


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

to what we now know about this so-called "truth about
U.F.O. by the last day, on 2. to be sure they do me from
13. I have seen the Picture U.F.O. made by green -
town to such propose "the Mountain below" "the
Fuertes Forget" "the Washington D.C. Incident" "the
White Sands Incident" "the Merrell Case for the
Martins Rowe" and we have started clearing
a definitely now "not right" not too see galls
which is the more? what does the target may?
14. To see yellow flag in perfect V - formation?
12.50 see your track this speed of mach 2 in
flight?
13. To see yellow from Blue give proof when miles
on the curve?
14. I if "Project Blue Book" number prove out what
the U.F.O. are and where they come from with the
Air Force corroborated view of its total the
world?
15. B -re the "Project Blue Book" able to show or having
of source who can be knowing of the truth, do they
Blonder will the "people"
16. B are the people in not how to understand not
"important mountain" look then seeing proof of the U.F.O.
trust. yes or no?
17. I in "time I" can't 16 years have not included
"Project" worried some warning point?


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

18. How then have very private papers on Boole
Counterintelligence file Force, Honest his Force, Boone history,
Loyal Teutenberg his diary, Horch Air Force,
Boyne Feld Redcorn's, Schoberg, president Van Zorn
of U. P. O. incoming and long range

14. a three on experimental moon base Project
going. To in Britain near Plymouth, having
20th that were the Mystery flights, that X-15 Project
Redart white reports in film, 16 months ago?

21. How was President out of the United States at
the time of Washington D.C. sightings?

22. Why were some B.S.R.A. L.P.O. retired Naval by
the Air Force?

23. What was not answered about the Phoenix late
of July, 1947?

24. What were the blue, green, yellow, orange rather
than was separated particularly in the battle
of painting?

25. Is not authorized the Bombing of Huns Showing
and Prophylus?

26. How did the know 'after given you and promise
some start on Air Force Recaps?

27. What takes in the Congress, Kansas Valley
June 3, 1968? Was it history or sightings?

28. We will still have Force Units of 1-15 to
give P.R.?


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

29. What was Compton Manifold really saying?

30. Did the Allies protect the Germans inside the first jet planes?

31. End German Ascension Mach plane for a X-15 type of plane?

32. End Germany lose all atom bombs?

33. Was the Soviet X-B-3 in our project with of the bombing 13-17?

34. Why did not Army own force participate in the "War & my it within" in to hold want? 21 men the fire force fraction 1-8 E-P-47 site.

35. How advanced was Russia in the long close of fighters?

36. Was Soviet air force personnel-pilots in the air battle of Korea?

37. How long and wide was Project Blue Book personnel for over the limited & total 5 project 15 years?

38. Is the "Project Blue Book" personal work continued its close?

39. How extensive was the project? Would like able to join, if I get into the force?

40. What are the requirements of joining the "note 12 years" book?

41. Were there some U.S. men after Project?


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

4 8 Who is the head of project Blue Book?
4 & How the project normally been done so far
4 5 What to do with the Blue Book and make of the
postmortem to P.O. decide by committee
1. p. smith & harlow
2. George adamski - chairman
3. Frank handler
4. Levy picker

46. Who was Edward J. Ruppelt?
47. What did he Edward J. Ruppelt witness, write the
48. P.O.
48. Was the project Blue Book personnel put
for entering their frame?
49. Was the Airforce being "put extra eyes"
to P.R. in project Blue Book?!
50. I'm a science fiction writer, would that
wing my interest of getting in?
51 I have science fiction book I like to send
about this committee in Korea and would want
good II.?
52 Please might write back soon, might?
53. Do you have any more of P.O. photo you
signed

The text appears to be a handwritten document with numbered questions about Project Blue Book, its personnel, and operations.


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

DAF-OIPB/K. Wells/75630/19 Mar 63

March 19, 1963

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

The Office of the President has asked the Air Force to reply to your letter.

There is no truth to allegations that the Air Force withholds or otherwise censors information vital to public understanding or evaluation of unidentified flying objects (UFO). In some instances, the names of individuals are withheld to protect them from the various. It is sometimes necessary to withhold information concerning investigative procedures which are also based on evaluation of other intelligence information to prevent compromise.

As of this date, no unidentified aerial object has given any indication of threat to the national security; there has been no evidence substantial to or indicating by the Air Force that unidentified sightings represented technological developments or principles beyond the range of our present day scientific knowledge; and finally, there has been nothing in the way of evidence or other data to indicate that these unidentified sightings were extraterrestrial vehicles under intelligent control.

Your interest in Air Force activities is appreciated.

Sincerely,

G. R. CARLSON
Colonel, USAF
Deputy Chief
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
Philadelphia 45, Pa.

SAF-OIPB Comeback
SAF-CI Reading
SAF-LL


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

No NOT be there
Anyway this I recall
Tick! (11)

Philadelphia 46 Pa.
Saturday March 23, 1963

Department of the Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen

I would like to know to pass flying saucers were seen during 1962.

And I would like to know if the Air Force has any significant instances of "the white saucer incident"

And I would like to know if the Air Force knows anything about "the blower, mystery", "the Lordbook lights", "the green satellites of New Mexico"

This more information on how many can be kept at last in few point of no better of

one about "the seeing is outside of 15 5 6" the practice the incident


- page 19 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

Pennsylvania got a hold of
u last time so next time
slick

Mfg. Ford Feathered Friends

[Appears to be a hand-drawn oval/elongated shape with a blacked-out section in the middle]

P.S.
u can see we gonna stop collabbing
The world
we will be south west Philly
we back

Note: Some words are difficult to read with complete certainty, so I've transcribed them as best I can.


- page 20 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[Top of page has some partially legible text and a blacked out section]

... would like to get the gist
rather the filter...
...

[Main body of text, partially legible]

... time,

... indly mention at
the written version separately, we
are force to not admitting we made
... of people some typing mistake
... visible. The last meeting
settlement would like to know some
other people of the entire letter in well
characterized in reading the main direction letter
The word partly, the last with possible 2or
...
... now released at the place
... would understand because this
... not outside of it... we are
... the last page on the way...

[Note: Some words and sections are illegible or partially obscured, so I have represented those with ellipses]


- page 21 -

The text on this page is handwritten and partially illegible. I can make out some words and phrases, but not the entire document. Here's what I can discern:

[First few lines are mostly illegible]

Partial text I can read includes:
"...start swimming lake near, I noted
of 2 card mile, yellow, deep
...carrying for observation prepare
...does your note
...start being to state so clear..."

[The rest of the text is difficult to fully transcribe due to the handwriting and image quality]

The document appears to be a handwritten report or note, possibly related to an observation or investigation, but without more context, I cannot confidently state its full contents.


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

1- How many U.F.O. & mass reported on
this date sixty annual

2- For many U.F. to have reported on
1954, 1955, 1957, 1958, 1959, 1957,
1958, 1959, 1962

3- In evening close - shape object reported
4689 19.3?

4- How many white report objects sighted

5- & one sway person what object
reported 1963?

6- Were any "Saucer hostile" reported
from morning news on Cirelank?

7- Do we U.F.O. crash with
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania?

8- Were any U.F.O. reported in
Philadelphia, Pittsburgh or Harrisburg
& surrounding?

9- Were any U.F.O. seen New New
York City or nearby was Trenton,
New Jersey, Vermont, Houston?

10- Were any U.F.O. reported in
western new & imagination? Coastwise
& we shall trying something

11- We are any U.F.O. etc.

The text appears to be a handwritten list of questions or notes related to UFO sightings, with references to various years, locations, and potential UFO incidents.


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

Department of the Air Force
By Washington 25, D.C.

Gentlemen:

I write in refer to your last letter on two three letters about institutions. There starts and short running information by our side building.

I would like to know about the Nineteen Sixth two-case and I would like for know about the X-F-5-4-1 aircraft that we purpose to revolutionize Air Trade. I would like to know for would draw a platform or information about it.

A.G. The age mentioned below
[remainder of text is partially illegible or cut off]

Philadelphia 4-8-63
Tuesday, February 14, 1963
Time: 24 9 hours


- page 24 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

not sent to investigating agency
photo being processed from
another source it will show that
light der move by weather up
in more from it large scale
out more and more clearly along
sac air force newsletter to u.s. and
if with no home position.
Let me tell you this if you
picture please clear out what the u.f.o.
circles are place to public with plane
shas not 1/135th that is the
mentioned entity. The report with
of the stories sag now i mean
are more sure it will be on the
3 through 8 here will see he will
take truth, Richardson Smith

Regards
[Signature area is blacked out]

Note: Some words are difficult to read with complete certainty due to the handwritten nature of the document and image quality.


- page 25 -

Time - 0800-Shows

Philadelphia 45- Pa.
Saturday April 14, 1962

Department of the Air Force
Washington, D. C.

Gentlemen: Thank you for the
information you have sent
me. If you get any more infor-
mation may I please have
a summary of it like before
because I would really like
to find out what a U. F. O.
really is and really I2
am very important for me
about Project Bluebook Tell me
something about how you started
it all. Phila. Say were there
any cases in 1962 if so then
give me a summary of them. Too
I know the Air force is really saying
hard for find out what they really I am
on your guys

Sincerely,
Martin


- page 26 -

Philadelphia 4, Pa.
Thursday, April 16, 1964

Department of the Air Force
Washington, D. C.

Gentlemen: May I inform you
that if you do not sell or give
more information about the U.F.O.
We will all be in danger
of being attacked by another
world. Or even worse these
please give me some information
on your hidden cases of U.F.O.
And an outline of such of the
cases. Please gentlemen, fill
these public, all about the many
cases of U.F.O activity. You
would have so well them sometime
tell them now before we send
before vehicle to other planet
it is of vital importance
that you do. They must know
about it all now. I believe
me gentlemen tell the citizens
of the United States now.

Sincerely,
[Signature/Name redacted]


- page 27 -

23 Feb 64                                                  Dischure
                                                                    1 pg.

Mister Joseph Marcinelli
2141 North 21st Street
Philadelphia 8, Pennsylvania
Sunday March 8, 1964

Project Blue Book Information Office
HQ U.S.A.F. (RAF-01PB)
The Pentagon
Washington

Dear Sir:

On February 23 at 4:00 p.m. I saw
a golden object go across the
sky, it was on a straight course,
it was below 500-600 ft above
the ground. No aircraft in
view.

The object was gold, oddly
color, looked like gold ball.
it flew past quickly at about
5-0-0 mph, no sound, no haze
in area.

The density of the object, from
my was light. Best, it had a
12" thickness, continued on next page 7


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

1- How many U.F.O.s were reported in nineteen sixty three?

2- How many U.F.O.s were reported in 1960, 1964, 1955, 1957, 1956, 1955, 1954, 1953, 1952, 1951, 1950?

3- Were any cigar - shaped objects reported in 1962? 1963?

4- Were any plate - shaped objects reported in 1963?

5- Were any saucer - shaped objects reported in 1963?

6- Were any "ghost-boats" reported near Norway, Sweden or Finland?

7- Did a U.F.O. crash into Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania?

8- Were any U.F.O.s seen over New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Boston, Vermont, Houston?

9- Were any U.F.O. reported in Argentina, Venezuela, Colombia?

10- Were any reported U.F.O. sightings in Eastern Europe and Western United States?

11- Were any U.F.O. sightings over New Mexico, New York, cont. near page?


- page 29 -

Here is the text from the document:

12. Do you have any pictures to
U. F. O. s?

13. Were any sightings U. F. O. s
reported?

14. How many men are on the
Project Blue Book staff?

15. I would like to join the Air
Force and get in Project Blue
Book, do you have how I can get
in the Project?

16. I am 17 now and when I'm eighteen
I'm going to join the Air Force.
17. Were there any long sightings
reported in Norway, Denmark,
Sweden, Belgium, Netherlands?

18. How many feet in diameter was
the largest U. F. O. spotted in nineteen
sixty three?

19. Were there any reports of little
men, giants, monsters with flying
saucers?

20. How many people are involved
with Project Blue Book?

21. Is the C. I. A. or the F. B. I. mixed
with Project Blue Book?

22. Did Project Blue Book send these
men in black to get see Albert K. Bender
cont. on page


- page 30 -

Here is the text from the document:

12. Do you have any pictures of I.F.O.?

13. Now any statistics of I.F.O. a propos?

14. How many were in the work book itself?

15. I would like to know the work and get an abstract idea simply or you have now some out in the project?

16. I am 17 now and when I'm again from going to join the city, have years things going - protested me Norway, Finland, Sweden, Belgium, Netherlands?

17. How many facts we document was the biggest I.F.O. number in winter sixty three?

18. We are some reporter of work now, points, important with type Americans?

20. How many work we involved in the project black book?

21. I see I.A.F. 12 the I.F.O. involved with project bluelook

22. Did project blue book have

Note: Some words are difficult to read with complete certainty, so I've transcribed them as closely as possible to what appears on the page.


- page 31 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

23. Were any U.F.O.'s reported by
Elston of 20 W.A., etc. while flying?

24. Were there any suggestions
on how to register aircraft

25. What percentage of sightings with
state license are in report or project
Blue Book?

26. Are we planning on having a
27. Were any qual have reported in
minutes - Lefty Theis - mitted from
a la F.O.

28. Were any U.F.O.'s reported over
Edwards and Patrick Air Force Base?

29. Were any U.F.O.'s reported near
require Air Force down?

30. Were any U.F.O.'s reported over
in Hite border, how serious?

31. Were any dubious reported
missing back were found in
minutes - Lefty Theis)

32. Is there any chart or matrix
with U.F.O.

33. What was the first incident on
"a martial" in land in Washington
D.C. night time of 15/30 and 16/17 July 1952.

34. [partially cut off, text incomplete]


- page 32 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

35. Were any seen then by our force base

signed

Note: There is a large black redaction bar covering most of the page's lower section.


- page 33 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Top of document, address section]
Project Blue Book
ATIC SAFOI (D)
Washington 25, D.C.

[Postage section]
Two identical stamps are visible, though the details are not clear.

[Bottom of document]
Some text is present, but most is obscured by black redaction marks.

The document appears to be an envelope or letter page, with most identifying details blacked out. The text is partially legible and the image quality is somewhat faded.


- page 34 -

AF

Department of Defense
Washington 25, D.C.

Gentlemen:

I last did General McArthur was in a statement made on to examine
7, 1955 & here his view:

"The future of the world will be faced by truth" for the next & we will be
in Investigating to air:

1. Is that Planet where we might win their to us?

2. When will the Interplanetary be or begin?

3. How much do we know about this Planet?

4. Why did General McArthur have other than some after the known time?

5. Is the Planet we are going to fight its chance in which Altair.

6. Is there any evidence of

Philadelphia, PA, Pennsylvania
Sunday March 29, 1964


- page 35 -

Here is the text from the document:

7. Is the Ford Corporation making secretly making a sophisticated laser to use against the Russians' planet?

8. Were the objects sighted over the internal capital in 1950 the Russian messenger share?

9. Is we have now left defense against our planet force?

10. Is the war force now helping the "Denser registry" under scope became the world has no defense against them?

11. Could Douglas MacArthur see classified C.I.A. and military sides of things to come?

12. Is the Laser rifle the army is under contract for going to be in one investigatory theater of war operation?

13. Do we have any kind of cattle missile to punch the extraterrestrials?

14. Hostile Parterrestrial war started
15. If it has started up in beginning now
16. Are we trying to create with some answer x how it came up to the limit?


- page 36 -

