Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE-TIME GROUP
23 October 64

2. LOCATION
Westford, Massachusetts

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
UNRELIABLE REPORT
Other: Unreliable Report. Witness regarded as unreliable by NICAP representative who submitted case to Air Force.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
See Case File

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 Hours 5 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
NE

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

REPORT NO. 3                                                                                23 OCT 64

Witnesses: Mrs. Evelyn Cheaney
           Barbara Cheaney (Daughter, Age 12)

PLACE: Westford, Massachusetts                 TIME: 4:55-5:00 PM EDT

SIGHTING: (Interviewed by Subcommittee Members, Mr. Peter Poulsen)

Mrs. Cheaney and her daughter Barbara were in the family car on Old Lowell Road driving toward home when Barbara noticed the object coming South from Dedford. The car was stopped and they got out and watched it until 11 disappears. Behind the tree tops. When Gary arrived home 15 located high on a hill over-looking miles of territory. The object again proceeded seemingly at random toward the N.W. It was round, silver-blue in color, the apparent size of a silver dollar. It had a "pinkish" light on the bottom, and what appeared to be dark "port-holes". A close observation showed the top clearly, and when it came close its side and the pinkish light became very red and pulsating. The object was carefully pushed in the brush by Rick Darrah. Just a few hours covering the object, identified by its red lights, moved straight up very slowly for approximately 2000 feet and then accelerated up and out-of-sight in 1-2 seconds. It was last seen as a point of light moving against a background of stars.

EVALUATION:

Mrs. Cheaney and her neighbors have had a lion's share of UFO sightings. I have never met her although I heard her phone in her account of the October 1960 sighting. I was willing to relate her sighting to a local UFO Group on November 17th but hesitate provoked her from coming. I got John Schoenaker and Mr. Donald Myers and Howard Research Engineer and Mr. Peter Poulsen, a specialist in Radiation Physics to interview her on these and other sightings. The following are brief statements condensing her story:

Mr. Myers    - "Mrs. Cheaney is a very reliable woman who sincerely believes that she is seeing objects from outer space. If it were just her alone, I would discount the stories she tells, but she is not alone in seeing this object." Mr. Myers has interviewed other witnesses who give support to her story.

Mr. Poulsen  - "Mrs. Cheaney and her neighbors, Mrs. Darrah, saw UFOs every other night. I proceeded to a call Tuesday, November 25, 1964. The occasion was an interview with Mrs. Cheaney concerning an of UFO activity outside the Cheaney residence. I arrived less than two minutes late and was able to observe what had watching the sky as I drove. The observer and I were able to see the object over the horizon. The object was pulled up. The altitude and position and description of the object were consistent with Mrs. Cheaney's story. I have missed it."


- page 2 -

I personally received a seven page letter possibly from Mrs. Cheney. In it she describes these sightings in detail. I checked her sighting in the newspaper account, notes made by the Subcommittee notes, and filled out the investigative forms. Newspaper accounts of these sightings were at variance slightly. Dates: Questionnaire = October 6, 1964; Newspaper account = October 9, 1964; NICAP Report = October 10, 1964.

Questionnaire = September 6, 1964; Newspaper account = September 15, 1964.

I checked the local newspaper files and other available sources. However, other details of these sightings were not accurate. Mr. Myers, who cross-examined other witnesses, found that their sightings were substantially in agreement. Descriptions signed are those characteristic of UFOs. However, any person who read with UFO literature would have been skeptical. In checking back through UFO correspondence files I found that Mrs. Adele Dexon was stopped at Westford for the night of November 11, 1964. To back such a man as Daniel Fay, a prominent local resident, as a serious observer although, of course, she may be an excellent observer.

I hesitated over sending in these reports but there seems to be a possible authenticity to them. I carefully studied the close-up views and because of their concentration in this area. Mr. Cheney's home is situated on a hill located just opposite a very important hill (Hilltop Hill) in Westford. This is one of the most powerful radar installations in the United States. The antenna is located just 12 miles from Westford. The Air Force has sponsored and it has been used both for astronomical work and in the government's early-warning defense program, including attempts to obtain radar echoes from Texas and other planets.

In view of the presence of variables and because of the sensational nature of these reports, no definite conclusion respecting them will be made until more data, such as camera to radar or photo to ground correlation, can be obtained.

Respectfully Submitted,
[Signature]
Investigator
Hanscom Field, Bedford, Mass. USAF Subcommittee


- page 3 -

UFO SIGHTING SUMMARY SHEET

REPORT # 3                UFO REPORT - 10/8/60 (on or about)

Witness: Mrs. Evelyn L. Chorney (and son, Steven, then age 8)
2 Grifton Road
Westford, Massachusetts

Education: 10th Grade, High School
Occupation: Housewife

PLACE:  Westford, Massachusetts
DATE:   October 8, 1960 (on or about)  TIME: 7:00 PM EDT (approx.)

SIGHTING:
(In Mrs. Chorney's own words) - "As my son and myself came N.E. on Concord Road (we came upon)...a clearing in the right hand side of the road. We knew that only an old couple lived there and though they have many chicken houses at the rear of their home, they were out of business. As we came closer, my self-experienced the clearing and saw the house 1/4 up as we came, we knew they were there and that all was still. Above the house (as the right end) were many lights. I very large circular object seemed to hover there. I had seen this same one in April of 1960 but only for seconds as in leaving the area. I told no one of the first sighting, hardly believing it myself...

(Rest of text continues but becomes partially illegible towards the bottom of the page)

Additional information concerning this alleged sighting is as follows:
The weather was clear. No sound was heard except a slight "whirring" sound as 16 moved away. The object was partly outlined and its appearance was compared with a 14" platter held at arm's length.


- page 4 -

NICAP Massachusetts Subcommittee
13 Friend Court
Waban, Massachusetts

SUBJECT: UFO Reports

CONTENTS: Summer 1958 or 1959 UFO Sightings, Turner, Maine
October 8, 1960 UFO Sighting, Westford, Massachusetts
September 6, 1964
October 23, 1964
November 13, 1964 UFO Sighting, Shrewsbury, Massachusetts
Assorted Newclips on UFO Sightings

FROM: Raymond E. Fowler
Chairman, NICAP Massachusetts Investigating Subcommittee

TO: National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena
Washington, D.C.

cc. USAF (AFCSC, PFD)
Walter Webb

The following UFO Data is submitted for NICAP's files.

[Signature of Raymond E. Fowler]
Raymond E. Fowler
NICAP Investigator

REF/ref


- page 5 -

