Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
5 Sept 64 ~05/01:52

2. LOCATION
West End, New Jersey

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Ten

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Eight Sightings

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
10 objects observed in a two hour period. Duration omitted
on all sightings.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

OBJECTS: Insufficient data for evaluation. Seven of the eight
sightings likely independent or a/c or satellites. Eighth
sighting of four objects has characteristics of a searchlight or
reflection of ground lights. No film analysis.

7. COURSE
Varied

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDB)

Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

West End, New Jersey
07742
14 September 1964

UFO Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen:

On the night of September 5, 1964, my wife, a neighbor and I were sitting in the front yard, looking at the different constellations in the sky when we sighted a fast moving, shining object. We know this wasn't a shooting star as we have seen these previously. As the night went on we noticed more objects - a total of ten in about two hours. The approximate times and descriptions of these objects are listed below:

8:45 p.m. A fast moving shining (or glowing) object came out of the S-SW and proceeded NE. It didn't have a distinct shape.

8:50 p.m. A fast moving shining (or glowing) object came out of the NE and proceeded S. This was circular in shape.

9:00 p.m. A group of four objects different from the above two came from the NE and proceeded S. They flew in formation.

They glowed and gave off a white light. They didn't have a distinct shape but were somewhat elliptical.

9:43 p.m. A small object much further up in the sky than the others came from the NE and went W and then turned S.

9:45 p.m. What appeared to be the same object came from the S turned to the S and then proceeded to the N.

9:46 p.m. A circular object came out the S and went N. This was a shiny circular object.

10:25 p.m. What appeared to be the same object again came from the N and went S.

The reason we did not write sooner was because we didn't think anyone would believe our story. We looked through several newspapers for the next few days for any reports of sightings similar to what we had seen. There were none until Friday last.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-

when we saw the article in the Newark Star Ledger about the "UFO mystery" in Glassboro, New Jersey. The hole in the ground was found the same weekend we saw the above mentioned objects. We sighted those objects in Long Branch and if one draws a straight line from Long Branch to Glassboro, McGwire Air Force Base and Ft. Dix are directly in the middle. Therefore, we thought we should report this information to you.

Sincerely yours,

Wife:                                   Neighbor:


- page 3 -

West End, New Jersey
07742

[Postmark stamp]
SEP 17
1964
DAYTON, OHIO

TDEW

UFO CENTER
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio


- page 4 -

