The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE                                     2. LOCATION
3 May 64                                    Canberra, Australia
3. DATE-TIME GROUP                          4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
03/16052                                   D Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS                                  D Yes
D No
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION                    8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
several minutes                             two
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING                11. COMMENTS
First obj moved from WSW to ENE in wobbly     Stationary light probably a star. Speeding up
path. Got brighter as it moved and then      to an illusion only. Satellite schedules show no
went out. Large and brighter than a star.   satellite over Canberra at time. Wobble effect probably
Smaller obj appeared to be rotating or     due to atmospheric conditions. Case evaluated as possible
spinning. Speed slower than satellite. Turn to W. Nearly satellite and not echo or possible rocket.
as bright as Venus, sudden speed for about 4 seconds as it neared the smaller stationary
light. Did not wobble after collision with smaller light.

ATIC FORM 320 (REV 26 SEP 53)

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document or telegram from the Department of State regarding a report of an unidentified flying object.

AIRGRAM
A-894 UNCLASSIFIED
TO DEPARTMENT OF STATE

FROM :	Amenbassy CANBERRA
SUBJECT:	Report of Unidentified Flying Object
REF:	CW-9936 of June 14, 1962
A sighting of unidentified luminous objects has been reported to the Embassy. An abstract of the details is given below followed by a narrative account:
a) Date and time: May 3, 1964 at 0605 local time
b) Place: Black Mountain, near Canberra, A.C.T.
c) Trajectory of objects: First object moved in wobble motion to ENE, turned NW to collision with second object, bounced and moved out of sight to SE. Second object stationary.
d) Colors: First object soft, white light, larger and brighter than second which had pinkish-orange glow.
e) There was no break-up of the objects. The small one appeared to disperse, then disappeared.
f) No noise was associated with the phenomenon.
Mr. _, a resident of a tourist camp (semi-permanent trailer camp) on the edge of Black Mountain, Canberra, A.C.T., reported an unusual event in the sky witnessed in part by his wife and a friend. Mr. _ described the event occurring about 0605 local time, Sunday, May 3, 1964 to the Embassy about 8:30 a.m. after having first made an attempt to make personal contact at Mt. _.
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be a text document containing a written account of an observation.

UNCLASSIFIED
Canberra 11-5964

Stromlo Observatory. Mr. ---- was quizzed during the next hour and a half by the Scientific Attache, Dr. Paul Siple, and two other USAF representatives. Mr. ---- identified Dr. and hr. Hugh Glen and Mr. Hugh Glen and his companion gave the following account:

Through the closed window of the trailer I saw a bright object in the sky, traveling from S.E. to N.W. It seemed to be moving slower and more erratically than most satellites. I have seen before. It was not as prominent as Venus but looked bigger and more like the soft light in a forested globe lamp than a star or any point-source light.

I would not have given the passage of this "satellite" any special notice had it not been for the things it was wobbling along its course "like a drunk"; and then it took a definite turn toward the south.

I was so surprised by these peculiar habits of what I thought was a satellite that I woke my wife and my companion to see the light. The light seemed to move at a steady rate but its course was still weaving when I noticed a "pinkish-orange" tiny glowing light west of the bright one suddenly darting light. The light seem did not appear to be moving but I feel certain that it was neither a star nor an airplane.

Suddenly the big bright light moved in a straight line very fast (about 3 seconds) to a position with the fainter red light. The impact seemed to have caused both to bounce. There was no explosion or change in intensity of light.

The big bright light moved off at a slower rate on a N.W. P. course and appeared to be no longer wobbling. Within about a half minute I glanced back at the little reddish light and found it to be still there. It seemed to sputter and then disappeared.

My companion's eyes are not as good as mine. He saw the bright light same as I did but not the tiny red one.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a classified document related to Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

Informal contacts with the Ministry of Supply by NASA representative, revealed no information of any flying objects over or visible from Canberra at or near the indicated date and hour.

For the Charge d'Affaires a.i.

First Secretary of Embassy

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
I admit what I say frightened me because I've never seen anything like it before nor heard of satellites maneuvering as this one did. I want to know what I saw for my own peace of mind. (End paraphrase)

Mr. ... was quizzed from the point of view of explanatory theories ranging from astronomical balloons/maneuvering aircraft, infra-red seeking missiles and foreign satellites. There was no immediate plausible explanation which satisfied either Mr. Hayden or his listeners.  

The following details were ascertained from him. The sky was still, dark enough to see aircraft running lights. Overhead and down light was becoming visible to the east. There had been a smoky, grayish air mass and less than normal starlight preceding evening. There had been some precipitation during the night. The significant factors had noted about 0330 that the sky was fairly clear over the black mountain area; however, the rest of the sky was partly cloudy. The temperature was about 5500 to 50° warmer than for the past week at that hour.

Mr. ... was reassured that if an explanation for his observed phenomena was possible, it would be informed. His sincerity and concern were apparent by the fact that he spent several hours, including a 25 mile return trip to re-observe, thence to the American Embassy, thence to the home of the First Secretary, and finally to the home of the Chief Scientific Attache, to seek an explanation.

He referred to his vision with pride as 60 - 60. His descriptions most colorful and it was the colliding, as he described it "like a fish striking bait," that obsessed him.  

A check with the Meteorology Department indicated no release of balloons or satellites during or in fact, released normally made several hours earlier or later than the time in question.

The Canberra airport reported no aircraft in the air over Canberra at that hour nor were there any for a matter of an hour before or afterwards.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO investigation document, specifically a report from Canberra, Australia dated May 1964.

Information Only
Source: UFO Investigator, Vol III, No 2, April-May 65

Another unusual incident, subject of an official State Department report, occurred on May 7, 1964, at Canberra, Australia. Just before dawn, several ground observers near Canberra saw a large white-glowing object traveling northeast across the dark sky. It moved with an odd wobble as though losing power, or partly out of control. Then the observers saw a smaller object, visible with a faint red light, hovering ahead. The large white device flew straight toward the small UFO and appeared to strike it, bouncing back. Then the large UFO turned, no longer wobbling, and raced out of sight. The small red light sputtered and then disappeared. (It has been suggested that this could have been some unknown type of refueling or recharging process.)

The observers' report was investigated by the Scientific Attache of the American Embassy at Canberra, Dr. Paul Siple, and by two NASA engineers. They concluded that the objects were not any known earthmade craft and they had no explanation for the sighting. The report was sent via Airfram A-894 to the State Department, which forwarded copies to the Central Intelligence Agency, the National Security Agency, NASA, the Army and the Navy.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

MARCH-APRIL, 1965

Incident In Australia

Officials Excited!
A report forwarded by the Victorian Flying Saucer Research Society is most interesting although now a year old: 

"On May 2, 1964, an incident occurred which sent officials of the U.S. State Department to rush out reports to the CIA, the National Security agency, the National Aeronautics and Administration, and the Army and the Navy. The incident was investigated by the Scientific Attache of the American embassy at Canberra, Dr. Paul Siple and two NASA engineers. 

Just before day near Canberra, a large, white glowing object traveled across the sky in a northeast direction. The object was wobbling and appeared to the observer as to be out of control, a small UFO hovered, showing a faint red light. The large UFO moved in a straight line very fast for about four seconds and appeared to collide with the smaller UFO. The impact seemed to cause both to bounce. There was no explosion.

The large UFO then turned, no longer wobbling, moved slowly away from the smaller UFO, then accelerated away at a very high speed."

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) incident that occurred in Canberra, Australia in May 1964.

Text extracted from the image:

Another unusual incident, subject of an official State Department report, occurred on May, 1964, at Canberra, Australia. Just before dawn, several ground observers near Canberra saw a large white-glowing object traveling northeast across the dark sky. It moved with an odd wobble as though losing power, or partly out of control. Then the observers saw a smaller object, visible with a faint red light, hovering ahead. The large white device flew straight toward the small UFO and appeared to strike it, bouncing back. Then the large UFO turned, no longer wobbling, and raced out of sight. The small red light sputtered and then disappeared. (It has been suggested that this could have been some unknown type of refueling or recharging process.)

The observers' report was investigated by the Scientific Attache of the American Embassy at Canberra, Dr. Paul Siple, and by two NASA engineers. They concluded that the objects were not any known earthmade craft and they had no explanation for the sighting. The report was sent via Airgram A-894 to the State Department, which forwarded copies to the Central Intelligence Agency, the National Security Agency, NASA, the Army and the Navy.

- page 8 -

