PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
25 Apr 64

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local        night

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not rptd

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Witness reported a light going back and forth
over a mountain of Socorro while he was
driving North.

2. LOCATION
Socorro, New Mexico

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
■ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

6. SOURCE
civilian

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

11. COMMENTS
Clouds in area. Navigation beacon at
location. Probable reflection from
rotating beacon on clouds.

9. COURSE
back and forth

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
■ Other: Ground light
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

3. Attached is a listing of sightings reported to the Air Force and might be attributed to the Socorro, New Mexico sighting.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems Stgr

1. Atch
1. Listing

The bottom right of the page shows the page number "3".


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

SOURCE: ALBUQUERQUE JOURNAL
DATE: 29 APR 64

Girl Says She Was Burned
While Watching UFO Here

By JERRY SMOTHERS

Concern over unidentified flying objects continued at a high pitch here today.

Latest incidents include:
- A report from a 10-year-old girl that she was burned while watching a strange egg-shaped thing in the sky yesterday afternoon.

- A report from a truck driver and his wife that they saw two mysterious objects in the sky between here and Socorro.

The rash of incidents started Friday when a policeman saw a UFO take off south of Socorro. UFO experts from different parts of the country are in New Mexico to investigate.

Suffering eye, nose and face burns yesterday afternoon was Sharon Stull, one of five children of Mr. and Mrs. Max L. Stull of 1409 Wilmoore SE.

On Lowell School Grounds, she said she gazed at a UFO for five or 10 minutes. Sharon said she was on the Lowell School ground after lunch at home. After lunch, while in class, she noticed burning sensations and her mother believes her unusual reaction was from the thing in the sky.

She and her mother believe her burns were inflicted by an airplane while watching the thing in the sky and having more than an airplane and having no windows, speed across the sky and disappear in the direction of the mountains. Her mother said the child has never had a sunburn and couldn't have gotten one in the few minutes she was outside.

Her sister, Robin, 8, said she, too, saw the thing, but paid little attention to it and didn't continue to watch it. Sharon said two other children also glanced at it briefly.

Sharon was treated by a doctor at Bataan Hospital last night and was kept in bed today with her blinds drawn to protect her inflamed eyes and eyelids.

Complaints of Pains
Part of her face and nose appeared to be puffy and red. She continued to complain of burn pains.

Sharron's doctor said his diagnosis is conjunctivitis (membranes inflammation) of both eyes and first - degree burns and first - degree burns on the face.

"The sun exposure she had yesterday would usually be considered sufficient to cause the burns and inflammation," he said, but believes there is no permanent eye damage.

Mrs. Stull was extremely concerned and frightened over the incident today. She also kept Robin home from school.

One official said it would be possible in some areas to track a UFO to see where it goes, if they received a report from a responsible agency immediately after a sighting.

Radar sightings have to be in direct line and can be blocked by mountains, making tracking difficult sometimes, he advised.

The Weather Bureau, FAA and Kirkland AFB Base said there were no balloons or other strange appearing objects in the sky bare to their knowledge, at the time Sharon saw what she did.

Green said he saw them possibly two minutes before they disappeared over the eastern horizon.

Federal Aviation Agency officials said they have seen nothing unusual in the sky or on their radar screens. Airplanes appear only as small dots on the screens and it is unlikely a UFO could be distinguished from an airplane on radar.


- page 3 -

SOURCE: ALBUQUERQUE, JOURNAL
DATE: 28 APR 64

Flying Saucer
Reports Spread
In New Mexico

SANTA FE (UPI) — New Mexico's perennial addition to flying saucers has taken hold of the state again with more "objects" reported to police over the weekend.

The "latest," which brought out the Air Force, and the FBI, was spotted early Sunday morning at La Madera about 50 miles north of Santa Fe. State Police Captain Martin Vigil said, "There was definitely something there."

Orlando Gallegos of Santa Fe told State Police he got within 200 feet of a huge metallic object that looked like an egg and was about 20 feet long and about 14 feet in circumference, he told police.

Gallegos' report came on the heels of a similar report from a Socorro policeman, Lonnie Zamora, who said he spotted an object near Socorro Friday night. Zamora, in clearing up false reports, said the object was about 20 feet off the ground and slowly drifting away.

Similar reports came from a Socorro teenager, an Albuquerque motorist, and two men driving in the La Madera area Saturday night. The Albuquerque metropolis, George Metropolis said, a "silver looking" object appeared over a mountain in the Caballo Reservoir area.

In both the Socorro and the La Madera reports the ground where the objects were reported to have landed was scorched and burned. Also found were "paw prints" like a mountain lion's, as well as "landing gear marks" — four impressions in the dirt.

Until the recent spotting, the last unidentified flying object was spotted in New Mexico near Gallup late last year by several motorists. A city policeman at the University of New Mexico also sighted the Gallup object flying in the system at the same time.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the newspaper page:

ALBUQUERQUE JOURNAL, 26 APRIL 1964                                                D.7

Mysterious Object Pays Visit to Socorro Area

SOCORRO (UPI) - It was shiny and stood on four girl-like legs.

But when he moved closer all he found was four independent traces of burned and scorched grass and bushes, but Socorro Police Patrolman Lonnie Zamora does not know what it was.

Zamora told Sgt. Sam Chavez of the New Mexico State Police. They took site observations, and found the object was 10 feet long and six inches wide.

Officials confirmed the marks and the turned grass. Base near Alamogordo officials said they would investigate the incident.

Holloman Air Force officials at Holloman Air Force Base near Alamogordo said they would investigate the incident.

IN MOSCOW
MOSCOW (AP) - Chadayev, Minister of Agriculture, Kryuchkov and others arrived. Ogorodnikov will ask Soviet experts to help Ghana.

FILMS FOR W. AFRICA
MEXICO CITY (P) - Ten Mexican movies have been purchased for a theater chain in Nigeria, Liberia, Ghana, Sierra Leone and Gambia.


- page 5 -

Information Only
Source: UFO Investigator, Vol III, No. 2, April-May 65

New Documentary Film

A new 80-minute documentary film on UFOs, entitled "Phenomena-Seven Point Seven," was nearing release date as this issue was closed.

The moving picture was prepared by Empire Film Studios, Hollywood, where a company official explained the title: "Seven Point Seven means the 7.7% of an estimated 8000 sightings classified as UFOs by the Air Force." (This figure is close to the latest AF admission of 663 unknowns out of 8008 cases, which works out as 7.4%.)

One of the main sequences shows the now widely-known Socorro case. Last April 24, Officer Lonnie Zamora, on highway patrol, sighted an oval-shaped craft near Socorro, N.M. When he left his police car for a closer look, the strange machine blasted flame from underneath, rose to a low altitude, then raced out of sight.

Landing-rear marks and scorched terrain were checked by AF Chief UFO Consultant Dr. J. Allen Hynek and other AF investigators. Later, Hynek stated he did not doubt Zamora's report, and that he had no explanation.

Major Maston M. Jacks, AFIIO spokesman, recently gave Zamora a "top believability rating" in a statement to Roger Treat, for a feature article in the Baltimore News American.

Even more surprising, in May Jacks' letter to NICAP member Robert Barrow, Syracuse, described the UFO as a "vehicle" - though he still claimed no evidence that it was from outer space.

However, this official admission that the UFO was some kind of unknown machine, is a long-and puzzling-jump from the usual "explain away" answers of miracles, delusions, etc.

For this reason, the new film may have a strong impact. The original Socorro report had wide publicity, but to date the AF has never issued a press release admitting the UFO was a strange vehicle. Nature unknown. If it had, this probably would have been a front-page story, focusing serious attention on UFOs.

Documentary Film - Cont. from p. 4 col. 2
Empire Film Studies says the documentary is designed to show that neither mystery nor panic were caused by Officer Zamora's report. First showing will be at Socorro, then the film will appear nationally.

NICAP will review and report on "Phenomena-Seven Point Seven" as soon as possible.


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

NEW YORK
Journal American
D. 506,746 SUN. 640,586

APR 2 9 1964

Astronomer
Hunts Clue
To 'Saucer'
SOCORRO, N. M., April
29 (AP)—An astronomer
from the Dearborn Observatory at Northwestern University was here today to
examine the secluded hill
where a Socorro policeman
reported seeing a mysterious, egg-shaped, flying
object.

Dr. J. Allen Hynek, the special Unidentified Flying Object
consultant to the Air Force,
was here to view the aftermath of reports of sightings in
the area.

He planned to visit the place
where officer Lonnie Zamora
said he spotted the object Friday.

OTHER REPORTS
Mr. Zamora said the object
he saw was a brilliant white.
He said there was a red marking on it like an upside-down
V with three lines across the
top, through the middle and
at the bottom. He also said
that from a distance there appeared to be two figures in
white coveralls outside the object. It flew off with a roar
when he approached, he said.

Since Mr. Zamora's sighting,
at least six reports have been
made to authorities, including
one from a youth who said he
fired several shots at something about 100 feet in the air.

T./Sgt. David Moody of Patterson, Air Force Base in
Ohio, is in New Mexico to assist Dr. Hynek, a Wright-Patterson, spokesman said.

SCORCHED GRASS
Dr. Hynek said his investigation in Socorro would determine whether he would visit
Espanola, where State Police
Capt. Martin Vigil found the
ground still smouldering 20
hours after a reported sighting.
Authorities found scorched
grass and four wedge-shaped
indentations in the ground at
the Socorro site and near Espanola.

Dr. Hynek said he hoped to
finish his investigation here
today.

He said he has found most
people honest and sincere in
reporting flying objects.

Many common things, however, are often responsible for
such reports, he said.

"Meteors," flocks of birds,
weather balloons, even the
moon can lead to these reports," Dr. Hynek said. "In
such cases the reports often
come from entirely honest people who see something that
puzzles them.


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
A 20-year-old Edgewood youth said he fired six shots at one of New Mexico's unidentified flying objects.

State Policeman Tommy Richardson of Moriarty reported he received a telephone call from Don Adams of Edgewood about 1:30 a.m. today.

The report said Adams told of seeing the object about 100 feet off the ground. He said it appeared to be a fluorescent or glowing green-colored object about 25 feet long.

He told the officer he drove his car under the object and fired six shots at it, then got out and fired six shots at the object, reloaded and fired again, without effect. The officer said he did not determine if Adams was using a rifle or a pistol.

Adams' account was another of several such reports that have kept New Mexico and military authorities busy since Friday.

Newspaper offices and broadcast stations were receiving a few telephone calls about similar sightings but most callers would not identify themselves, saying they did not want to be ridiculed.

The reports came from points following a line from near Caballo Reservoir south of Truth or Consequences, north to an area near Espanola.

Similar Reports
All the reports are similar in that they describe oval or egg-shaped objects with size estimates ranging from the size of a car to about 30 feet or longer.

State police and military officials have confirmed finding scorched earth at the sites, apparently as a result of the officers' attempts to have been left, by some top, or landing gear.

Spokesmen at all New Mexico military bases say they have no such "aircraft" fitting the descriptions.

Reports from Monday night include:

A man who refused to identify himself because he said he would be laughed at, said by a bail of red flame land near Las Vegas. He made no estimate of the size of the ball. He said he was going from Lake McAllister to Las Vegas when he saw the object.

New information has been revealed about other sightings. State Police Sgt. Sam Chavez said he was told by Socorro policeman Lonnie Zamora that the UFO he saw Friday, the first of the series of sightings, had red markings on its silvery side. Chavez said Zamora told him the design was an inverted V with three bars crossing it, but that the Air Force had told him not to discuss the markings.

Three sightings occurred Sunday night. An unidentified 18-year-old girl told Socorro police she saw a fire with something in it in the same vicinity where Zamora had been.

Orlando Gallegos, 35, of Santa Fe, said he saw a craft as long as a telephone pole and about 14 feet in circumference near his father's home north of La Madera.

State Police Capt. Martin Vigil investigated the La Madera sighting. He found the ground still smouldering 20 hours after the sighting. He said rocks in the center of the area were split, a bottle was melted and green brush had been set on fire, evidently by intense heat.

Saturday night two unidentified motorists said an object similar to the egg-shaped, silver craft described by Zamora swooped down near La Espanola.


- page 8 -

'Infra-Red' Burns
Suffered by Girl
Who 'Saw' Object

A 10-year-old girl was treated for "infra-red burns" on her face after she said she watched an "egg-shaped" object hovering near Lowell Elementary School Tuesday noon for about 10 minutes.

Young Sharon Stull, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Max Stull, 1409 Milmoore SE, told her parents and Police Lt. C. K. Jolly, the "queer looking thing" bounced up and down about three times in the sky and then left.

Jolly said the girl's younger sister, Robin, 8, also saw the object but refused to look at it and ran off to play. The girl was treated by a physician for burns about the eyes and nose who, according to Jolly, said he believes Sharon "saw something and it burned her."

Sharon said it was not the sun she was looking at. She told Jolly the object was to the northeast, and the sun was behind her. Her parents said Sharon is very truthful.


- page 9 -

EL PASO HERALD-POST, Monday, April 27, 1964

Sands 'Saucer' Landing Probed

(Continued from Page One)

a mile south of Socorro. He denied seeing any signs of life around the object and said the machine rose and flew slowly away until it faded from sight.

He said he spotted what appeared to be a pair of white coveralls near the saucer, but could not tell if anything or anyone was in them. The object, about the height of a car but larger, appeared to be made of a shiny, aluminum-like substance, Zamora said. It flew away after he got within about 100 yards, he said.

TWO INVESTIGATING officers were at the scene yesterday from Kirtland Air Force Base in Albuquerque. Maj. William Connor and Sgt. David Moody used a geiger counter to check the area, where the only evidence of an unusual visitor was a burned bush and four small depressions in the ground.

Zamora said the machine had been supported on the ground by four girder-like legs. The bush supposedly was burned by exhaust from the saucer.

He said he first saw the object from about 200 yards away and thought it was an overturned automobile. He said it was smoking.

Zamora said he also saw what looked like white coveralls but could not tell if anyone—or anything—was in them.

DRIVING to within 100 feet of the object, the policeman said he saw what looked like red lettering on the side of the object.

He said it then rose from the ground and sailed off in a westerly direction, never getting more than 20 feet off the ground and narrowly missing a dynamite shack.

Holder said he checked with both White Sands and nearby Holloman Air Force Base. Neither base, he said, is using any object comparable to Zamora's machine.

Government agencies will continue the investigation, Holder said.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Another Flying Saucer
This One Egg-Shaped and Shiny, Says Policeman

By CHARLES RICHARDS
United Press International
SOCORRO, N.M. (UPI)—It's a good place for a flying saucer. Right on the edge of White Sands missile range on the wide open New Mexico desert, just 30 miles northwest of the site of the world's first atomic blast.

Socorro Policeman Lonnie Zamora says he saw it, and police and military men seem inclined to believe him. "Very reliable witness," Army Capt. Richard T. Holder, range commander of White Sands' Stallion Range, said.

Holder, whose headquarters is near this central New Mexico town, was called in by local police after Zamora reported seeing the object Friday. Deputy Sheriff James Luckie said he believes it's something out of the ordinary, something very few have ever seen.

"I was scared," Zamora said. He said his experience taught him one thing: If it happens again, like he did Friday, he will still run away, but he will not tell a soul about what he saw.

Zamora said he spotted an egg-shaped object on the desert about a mile south of Socorro. He denied seeing any signs of a life around the object and said the machine rose and flew slowly away until it faded from sight.

He said he spotted what appeared to be a pair of white coveralls near the saucer, but could not tell if anything or anyone was in them. The object, about the height of a car but larger, appeared to be made of a shiny, aluminum-like substance, Zamora said. It flew away after he got within about 100 yards, he said.

Two investigating officers were at the scene Sunday from Kirtland Air Force Base in Albuquerque. Maj. William Conner and Sgt. David Moody used a Geiger counter to check the area, where the only evidence of an unusual visitor was a burned bush and four small depressions in the ground.

Zamora said the machine had been supported on the ground by four girder-like legs. The bush supposedly was burned by exhaust from the saucer. Holder said he checked with both White Sands and nearby Holloman Air Force Base. Neither base, he said, is using any object comparable to Zamora's machine.

Government agencies will continue the investigation, Holder said.


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Edgewood Man Says He Shot At and Hit Flying Object

By United Press International
A rash of unidentified flying object sightings had New Mexico State Police, local law enforcement agencies and military installations in a dither today.

No less than six "authentic" spottings have been reported since Friday when Policeman Lonnie Zamora sighted an egg-shaped object which roared off the ground, leaving deep impressions and burned patches.

Fired 12 Shots
Don Adams of Edgewood told State Police he fired 12 .22 caliber pistol shots at an "odd thing" early today. He told of hitting the UFO as silently as hitting a bounce from it.

As he paused to reload, the man said, the object moved silently northward. He was unable to determine whether shots 7 to 12 struck the thing. He described it as being a light green color, about 25 or 30 feet long, and silent. He said it hovered about 100 feet directly over his head.

Edgewood is about 30 miles east of Albuquerque.

A few hours earlier, a motorist in the Las Vegas area reported seeing a ball of fire which apparently landed near a radiostation. Employees of the station and the man asked that his name be withheld because he was afraid of being laughed at.

Police also received similar reports Sunday from Orlando Gallegos of Santa Fe, who told of seeing a shaped metal object near La Madera, about 50 miles north of Santa Fe. He told of seeing flames spurt from numerous jets around the bottom of the object as it took off.

State Police Capt. Martin Vigil, who checked out the incidents, said "There was definitely something there."

Other reports came from an Albuquerque motorist who saw a "silver looking" object near Truth or Consequences, two men driving in the La Madera area and a Socorro teen-ager.

In both the Socorro and La Madera reports, burned land was found at the sites. Also discovered were "paw prints," "mountain lion's" marks as well as "man's gear marks."

Photos Mailed
The assistant director of Interplanetary Intelligence of United States Air Force Objects said from his Oklahoma City office that pictures of an UFO sighted in 1956 by a shipboard radio disc jockey were being mailed to Zamora.

The photos were taken by T. Fogi aboard the USSS Ramsey off the California coast.

The IUFO officer, Hayden Hews, said the object was "almost identical" in size, coloring, marking, characteristics and landing characteristics to the thing reported by Zamora. Either it was an awful good coincidence or it is the same object," Hews said.

Zamora, when contacted at his home early today, said he had not yet received the photographs.

Meanwhile, military officials at Kirtland and Holloman Air Force Bases and White Sands Missile Range continued efforts to investigate the sightings - with no definite results in sight.


- page 12 -

There was no evidence of markings of any sort in the area other than the shallow depressions at the location where Mr Zamora reported sighting the object.

Laboratory analysis of soil samples disclosed no foreign material or radiation above normal for the surrounding area.

Laboratory analysis of the burned brush showed no chemicals which would indicate a type of propellant.

There was no evidence presented that the object was extraterrestrial in origin or represented a threat to the security of the United States.

The Air Force is continuing its investigation and the case is still open.

For several days following this report, other sightings were reported in the New Mexico area. In each case the sighting was determined to be a known object or natural phenomena. Two of the reports were determined to be hoaxes.

2


- page 13 -

Flying Saucer Reports Spread In New Mexico

SANTA FE (UPI) — New Mexico's perennial addiction to "flying saucers" are again taking hold of the state with more "objects" reported more often to police over the last, which brought out the Air Force and the days, was spotted about 50 miles north of Santa Fe. Martin Vigil said there was a "flying object" near Orlando, Gallegos of Santa Fe within 200 feet of his car.

Policemen from Socorro and Gallegos' report claimed the object was about 14 feet in diameter and about 14 feet in height. Gallegos said the object landed near Socorro police from Socorro spotted an object near Friday. Vigil said the object took off slowly near and around Socorro.

A Socorro technical center man driving in Albuquerque said he saw a metallic object hovering near a mountain. George Mitrovitch said his object was about 16 feet long and appeared over a mountain in both the Socorro and the ground areas where the object was reportedly found and burned. Also found and burned were "landing pads" as well as "landing signs" in the dirt.

In the last unidentified flying object collected near Gallup last year by several motorists. A university of New Mexico also spotted the object in the western sky at the


- page 14 -

More UFO Sightings Are Reported Over Wide Area

By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
State officers and the military are investigating more unidentified flying object reports.

The reports came from Socorro State Police, Martin Vigil said investigators from Kirkland Air Force Base at Albuquerque were to arrive in Espanola today after noting the similarly different reports.

All of the reported sightings are similar in that they describe oval or egg-shaped objects, flames surrounding the craft when on the ground, according to wedge shaped impressions that officers say appear to have been left by some type of landing gear.

The latest report came from Santa Fe resident, Orlando Gallegos, 35, who told of seeing an object early Sunday morning at his father's home north of La Madera, sitting in a gravel area.

State Police received a report from two men traveling in the same area Saturday night that a flying object, which they said definitely was not an airplane, had swooped down, touched their car.

An unidentified girl, about 16, told Socorro officer Bill Ryland that she saw a fire in the hills southwest of Socorro Sunday night, where city officer Lonnie Zamora first reported seeing an "egg-shaped object" fly away from a draw. She said she was within 300 feet to 500 feet from the fire when she thought something in the flames. She then left to report it.

About the report from Gallegos, State Police Capt. Martin Vigil said, after visiting the site, "There was definitely something there."

"The ground was still smoldering 20 hours after the sighting," Gallegos said he had been out to chase away some horses when he saw the object. He said he was about 200 feet away when he first saw it.

He said he returned to the house and told his family but no one else ventured outside. Gallegos said he returned twice more to look at the object. He described it as being of bright metal, without windows, as long as a telephone pole and about 14 feet in circumference. It was egg-shaped, he said, and resembled a large bulane gas tank.

Capt. Vigil said the ground was somewhat later Sunday and he found what looked like paw prints along with the depressions that indicate some type of landing gear.

The captain said he contacted a Kirkland AFB and an unidentified field officer there told him a team of military investigators was on its way.

State Patrolman Marvin Romero told of the Saturday night sighting by two motorists in the Espanola area.

Romero said the men told him they were driving from Albuqurque to Espanola when the flying object came straight toward their car. They said it veered away and all they could see was a jet stream of blue flame.


- page 15 -

radio K-GReaT
5000 WATTS • 570 kc • abc NEWS

Mitchell Motor Co.
1840 N. MAIN                PHONE 524-7

Tuesday, April
28, 1964

NEWSDIAL

Good
Morning!

Here's a Newsdial special that is well worth stopping and taking
a look at. It is a 1963 Rambler 440-H Hardtop. This one is very
clean. The price is just $1,795½.

Voters will go to the polls for primary balloting in Massachusetts
and Pennsylvania today, but any presidential preferences in either
state will have to com- through write-in votes.

-0-

Two jurors have been tentatively seated in Chicago for the trial
of Teamsters President James Hoffa and seven associates charged
with misusing 20 million dollars in union funds.

-0-

The nations cigarette makers have agreed to a new advertising
code that would prohibit pitching toward the youth of America.

Two Northern Republican senators have called for revisions in the
civil rights bill.

* NEW MEXICO NEWS *

New Mexico's perennial addiction to flying saucers took hold again Monday. More unidentified "objects" were reported.
The man who started it all, Socorro policeman Lonnie Zamora, says
the next time he finds a "saucer" he's going to run, and not tell
a soul. The latest report was Monday. It came from La Madera,
about 50 miles from Santa Fe, and it brought out the Air Force,
State Police, and reportedly the FBI. Orlando Gallegos of Santa
Fe told State Police he got within 200 feet of a pure metal object
that looked like and egg-shaped butane tank. The object was on
the ground near La Madera, a tiny community high in the New Mexico
back country. Gallegos said flames spurted silently from numerous
jets around the bottom of the object. He said it was as long as
a telephone pole and about 14 hundred feet in circumference.
Gallegos said the object flew away. Zamora said it was current flu
of reports by reporting he saw a silvery object standing on stilts
near Socorro Friday. As he approached, it flew away. Impressions
and scorched grass later were found at the spot. Zamora is disillusioned with the whole thing. He says if he ever sees another
such object, he won't report it.

* WEATHER *

The forecast says it should be fair through tonight. A little
warmer today and tonight. The predicted high for today is 86
and the low tonight should be near 48.

For a honey of a deal
make a beeline to Mitchell Motor Co.


- page 16 -

Air Force Probes
Policeman's Story
Of 'Saucer' at Sands

SOCORRO POLICEMAN Lonnie Zamora tells how he spotted an egg-shaped flying object near Socorro, N.M. Zamora said the unusual machine rose off the ground and flew away as he watched. With Zamora is Sgt. David Moddy, assistant to UFO (unidentified flying objects) investigator Maj. William Connor of Kirtland Air Force Base in Albuquerque. Zamora is described as a "reliable witness". (UPI Telephoto.)

SOCORRO, N.M., April 27.—It's a good place for a flying saucer. Right on the edge of White Sands Missile Range on the wide open New Mexico desert, just 30 miles northwest of the site of the world's first atomic blast.

Socorro policemen Lonnie Zamora says he saw it, and police and military men seem inclined to believe him.

Zamora is a "very reliable witness", Army Capt. Richard T. Holder, uprange commander of White Sands' Stallion Range, said.

Holder, whose headquarters is near this central New Mexico Town, was called in by local police after Zamora reported seeing the object Friday.

DEPUTY SHERIFF James Luckie said he believes "it's something out of the ordinary, something very few have ever seen."

"I was scared," Zamora said. "He said his experience taught him one thing: If it happens again, he will still run away like he did Friday. But he will not tell a soul about what he saw."

Zamora said he spotted an egg-

(Continued on Page 4, Col. 2)


- page 17 -

Air Force UFO
Expert to Check
'Saucer' Reports

SOCORRO (R) — Dr. J. Allen
Hynek, special unidentified
flying object consultant for
the Air Force, arrived in So-
corro Tuesday night to begin
his investigation of a Socorro
policeman's report that he
saw a mysterious flying ob-
ject last Friday.

Dr. Hynek said he hoped to
talk to the policeman, Lonnie
Zamora, and then visit the
site where Zamora says he
saw the object this morning.

Dr. Hynek, of the Depart-
ment Observatory at North-
western University, said he
would decide whether to visit
Espanola, where another ob-
ject was reportedly spotted
over the weekend, after his
investigation of the Socorro
incident.

He said he had not been ad-
vised by the Air Force if his
presence here indicates that
the government has eliminat-
ed the possibility of U.F.O.s
craft, having caused the re-
ports.

Capt. Hector Quintanilla,
chief of the Aerial Phenomena
Branch at Wright-Patterson
Air Force Base, Ohio, said
T. Sgt. David Moody of the
Office already was in New
Mexico and would assist Dr.
Hynek in the investigation.

Fired at Object

The most recent report of
the object came early Tues-
day morning, from State Po-
liceman Tommy Richardson
of the U.S-66 community of
Moriarty.

He said he had a call from
Don Adams of Edgewood,
near Moriarty, who told of
seeing an object about 100
feet off the ground. He said
it appeared to be a fluorescent
or green-colored glowing ob-
ject.

Adams told the officer he
drove his car under the object
and his car stalled. The youth
reported he then got out and
fired six shots at the object,
reloaded and fired again.

The report was another in
a series which have kept New
Mexico and military authori-
ties busy since Zamora's original report Friday. The re-
ports, until Tuesday, had
come from points following a
line from south of Truth or
Consequences to an area near
Espanola. Space Beings Hinted
At Tucson, the director of

Continued From A-1

search Organization said she
believes intelligent beings
from another planet made
several landings in New Mex-
ico in the past few days.

"We are convinced the So-
corro policeman saw what he
said he saw," Coral Loren-
zon, the director, said after
her return from investigating
the reported landing of a UFO
near Socorro.

Mrs. Lorenzon said the
sighting of an object north-
west of Espanola early Sun-
day was similar to the one
described at Socorro. She said
she is investigating the other
reported sightings during the
past few days.

The organization was form-
ed by Mrs. Lorenzon in 1952
and now has 1,000 members
world. She says if there are
some 6-12 landing incidences
a year and she believes they
are made by beings from an-
other planet.


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

[April 25, 1964, when on the previous day at Socorro, New Mexico a policeman, Mr. Lonnie Zamora, reported sighting an object on the ground a mile south of the town at approximately 5:45 p.m. Lonnie Zamora said the object was white, egg-shaped and supported on girderlike legs. He heard a roar and saw smoke and flames coming from underneath the object. The UFO rose to a point about 15-20 feet above the ground and the flames and smoke ceased. He stated that the object remained stationary for several seconds and then flew off in a southerly direction following the contour of the gully. I wrote Lonnie Zamora on several occasions concerning his sighting, and never received a reply. I was also unable to reach him by telephone.

The Air Force sent investigators from their project office at Wright-Patterson to Socorro along with several noted scientists to interview Lonnie Zamora and determine what the object was]

The image caption reads: "Landing area at Socorro, New Mexico, taken April 25."

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a rocky, uneven terrain with various sized rocks and indentations, seemingly documenting the landing site of the reported UFO.


- page 19 -

Text found in the document:

Landing area at Socorro, New Mexico, taken April 25.

11

[Note: The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a rocky, uneven terrain with some vegetation, seemingly documenting a landing site mentioned in the caption.]


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the newspaper page:

Newark Evening News
NEWARK, N. J.
D. 278,945 SUN. 417,195

MAY 6 1964

New Sights
Of Saucers
Strange Objects Seen
by Several Persons
in New Mexico

ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (UPI) — In New Mexico, first test site of the atomic bomb and now a space-age military bastion, citizens in the last two weeks say they have seen, shot at and run from "flying saucers" in shapes from bananas to bathtubs.

The unidentified Flying Object craze is a periodic epidemic in the state. The latest flurry of reports started April 24 when a Rio Grande Valley Policeman said he saw a bathtub-shaped object standing on four giraffe legs at dusk.

When it flew away, Socorro, N.M., policeman Lonnie Zamora said he ran from it.

Since then, reports of strange objects have spread through New Mexico, Wyoming and into Montana in the high Rockies.

Some Explanations

The Air Force sent its top flying saucer chaser to New Mexico and there have been many scientific and military explanations for the sightings, but citizens keep looking.

One scientist said a "Super-Pogo" military craft may be causing the scene. The Air Force said low-flying jets taking pictures with bright strobe lights might be the answer.

The scientist, Dr. Lincoln Lapaz, Institute of Meteorology, director of New Mexico said there is no danger of outer-space invasion because anyone living outside this troubled globe would be displaying absolute nonsense to come here.

Dr. J. Allen Hynek, head of the astronomy department at Northwestern University and the Air Force's top consultant on unidentified flying objects, came to the state to investigate but soon left, saying he believes radar would have picked up anything that human eyes saw.

Plenty of Radar

"It is my understanding that New Mexico has more than its share of radar installations," Dr. Hynek said. "It seems strange to me that radar did not pick up anything."

White Sands Missile Range and Holloman Air Force Base and Kirtland Air Force Base are among the many military installations in New Mexico with elaborate radar setups.

Zamora stated it all when he said he saw the shiny, bathtub-shaped object in a field at Socorro, about 50 miles from where the first atomic bomb was exploded at White Sands.

When he approached it, he said Air Force officials confirmed that press and local authorities were around the area were burned and that there were four indentations in the ground. Dr. Hynek took soil samples to be analyzed.

Peculiar Aircraft

Lapaz said he believes Zamora saw a vertical short-takeoff and landing aircraft. He said the craft behaves much like the object Zamora said he saw.

Lapaz said he saw a picture of the craft in the March issue of the U.S. Naval Institute proceedings.

He said the picture is several years old and that some military agency probably is secretly testing a "Super-Pogo" type craft with different markings.

"The newer models probably are 'light' — silent," Lapaz said.


- page 21 -

Here is the text from the document:

"El Paso Times"
Film On UFOs
To Include
Socorro Officer

Socorro, N.M. (AP)—Hollywood, Calif. film has finished filming the Socorro part of a documentary on unidentified flying objects.

Principal in the Socorro section of the film was city policeman Lonnie Zamora, He said he saw an UFO on April 24, 1964, after it had landed in a gully near here and also said he saw it take off.

Zamora re-enacted his experience for Empire Film Studios at the scene last Saturday. A studio official said the film may be ready for showing in five weeks. The first public showing is scheduled in Socorro. The film will run about 80 minutes.

The documentary will be entitled, "Phenomena — Seven Point Seven". This, said the official, is 17 per cent of an estimated 8,000 sightings classified by the Air Force as UFOs.

The official said the documentary is designed to show that neither hysteria nor panic were caused by the alleged landing here. /12 Feb 65

APRIL 24, 1964, Socorro, New Mexico
On April 24, 1964, a Socorro, New Mexico police, Mr. Lonnie Zamora, reported an object on the ground a mile south of the town at approximately 5:30 pm. Lonnie Zamora, said the object was white, egg-shaped and supported on girder-like legs. He heard a roar and saw smoke and flames coming from underneath the object. The UFO rose to a point about 15-20 feet above the ground and the flames and smoke ceased. The object remained stationary for several seconds and then flew off in a southerly direction.

The Air Force sent investigators from Wright-Patterson AFB to Socorro. The investigation disclosed the following facts: No other witnesses to the object could be located. There were no unidentified helicopters or aircraft in the area. Observers at radar installations observed no unusual or unidentified blips. There was no unusual meteorological activity. There was no evidence of markings of any kind in the area other than the shallow depressions at the landing site. Laboratory analysis of the foreign material or radiation above normal. Laboratory analysis of the burned brush showed no chemical which would indicate a type of propellant. Air Force conclusion: "Unknown". The AF is continuing its investigation and the case is still open.


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

Man Reports
Firing Shots,
Hitting UFO
Other Sightings
Are Reported
Around State

By United Press International
A rash of unidentified flying object sightings had New Mexico State Police, local law enforcement agencies and military installations in a dither today.

No less than six "authentic" sightings have been reported since Friday when Socorro Policeman Lonnie Zamora sighted an egg-shaped object off the ground, which rose off impressions and burned patches.

In addition, telephone lines across the state hummed with activity as public-spirited and well-meaning persons got in the act.

An Edgewood man told State Police he fired 12 .22 calibre pistol shots at a "bobbing" early today. He told of hitting the UFO several times and hearing the bullets bounce from it.

As he paused to reload, the man said, the object moved silently northward. He was unable to determine whether shots 7 to 12 struck the thing. He described it as being a light green color, about 25 or 30-feet long, and silently hovering about 100 feet directly over his head.

Two men said the man was completely rational.

A few hours earlier, a motorist in the Las Vegas area reported seeing a ball of fire which apparently landed near a radio station. Employees of the station said the man asked that his name be withheld because he was afraid of being laughed at.

Police also received similar reports Sunday from a Santa Fe man ... Orlando Gallegos who told of seeing an egg-shaped metal object near La Madera, about 50 miles north of Santa Fe. He told of seeing numerous jets around the bottom of the object as it took off.

Capt. Martin State Police who checked out the incident, said "There was definitely something there."

Other reports came from an Albuquerque motorist who saw a "silver looking" object near Truth or Consequences, two men driving in the La Madera area and a Socorro teen-ager.


- page 23 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

County Data
The county's new data-machine department supervisor will be Jerry Parks of Arlington, a former county employee.

Announcement was made today by County Manager John Nunn, who will oversee the department and its coordination with the county offices.

Mr. Nunn said the supervisor will begin duties May 18, with a starting salary of $600 a month, and the supervisor probably will have a staff of two machine operators.

He said one of the first problems will involve work arrangements with the county clerk and the county assessor.

ASK LBJ AID
[Note: The rest of the text is either upside down, partially obscured, or too faint to read clearly.]


- page 25 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Air Force UFO
Expert to Check
'Saucer' Reports

SOCORRO (O) - Dr. J. Allen
Hynek, special unidentified
flying object consultant to
the Air Force, arrived in Socorro Tuesday night to begin
his investigation of a Socorro
policeman's report that he
saw a mysterious flying object last Friday.

Dr. Hynek said he hoped to
talk to the policeman, Lonnie
Zamora, and then visit the
site where Zamora says he
saw the object this morning.
Dr. Hynek, of the De Anza
Observatory at Northwestern
University, said he
would decide whether to visit
Espanola, where another object was reportedly spotted
over the weekend after his
investigation of the Socorro
incident.

He said he had not been advised by the Air Force. If his
presence here indicates that
the government has eliminated the possibility of U. S. aircraft having caused the report, he said.

Capt. Hector Quintanilla,
chief of the Aerial Phenomena
Branch at Wright-Patterson
Air Force Base, Ohio, said
T. Sgt. David Moody of the
Office already was in New
Mexico and would assist Dr.
Hynek in the investigation.

First at Object:
The most recent report of
the objects came early Tuesday morning from State Policeman Tommy Richardson
of Moriarty.

He said he had a call from
Don Adams of Edgewood,
near Moriarty, who told of
seeing an object about 100
feet off the ground. He said
it appeared to be a fluorescent
or green-colored glowing object.

Adams told the officer
drove his car under the object
and his car stalled. The youth
reported he then got out and
fired six shots at the object,
reloaded and fired again.

The report was another in
a series which have kept New
Mexico and military authorities busy since Zamora's original report Friday. The reports, until Tuesday, had
come from points following a
line from south of Truth or
Consequences to an area near
Espanola.

Space Beings Hinted at
At Tucson, the director of

search Organization said she
believes intelligent beings
from another planet made
several landings in New Mexico in the past few days.

"We are convinced the Socorro policeman saw what he
said he saw," Coral Lorenson, the director, said after
her return from investigating
the reported landing of a UFO
near Socorro.

Mrs. Lorenson said the
sighting of an object northwest of Espanola early Sunday was similar to the one
described at Socorro. She said
she is investigating the other
reported sightings during the
past few days.

The organization was formed by Mrs. Lorenson in 1962
and has nearly 800 members. She says there are
some 6-12 landing incidents
a year and she believes they
are made by beings from another planet.


- page 26 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

EL PASO HERALD-POST, Thurs.

'Saucer' Scares E.P. Woman
(Continued from Page One)

"I come and look." She said they both saw the flying object in the air.

"It looked like a dish plate upside down and spun way just like a plate would spin if you flung it into the air," Mrs. Reyes said. "It carried a light on the bottom, a bright light."

"I'M REALLY SURPRISED. I never expected to see anything like that around here. My husband and I had talked about the thing the people saw in New Mexico, but I didn't think I would ever see anything like that here."

"I'm still shaking," she added.

Several small planes were in the air at the time of Mrs. Reyes' report, but she insisted the object she saw was not an airplane.

N.M. Sky Objects Puzzle to Expert
(Continued from Page One)

reported objects in a state loaded with radar installations.

"It is my understanding that New Mexico has more than its share of radar installations," Hynek said. "It seems strange to me that MTI (Moving Target Interception) radar did not pick up anything."

HYNEK WAS in Socorro yesterday to talk to Socorro policeman Lonnie Zamora who started his bathub-shaped object at dusk last Friday.

Zamora said the object stood on four girder-like legs. He said when he approached the object, it flew away.

Hynek said Zamora is a "level headed police officer." Zamora believes something, but does not know what it is.

The latest reports came from deep southern New Mexico last night when many reported seeing a bright object making low passes.

JIM NAVARRO, an employee at the port of entry at Anthony, New Mexico - Texas, said he saw the object the past two nights.

"It was the same type illumination as a star, but it was too close, too bright and too big," Navarro said.

He said it seemed to remain still for a long time, then took off at a high rate of speed. Navarro said when it took off, it appeared to change "to all kinds of colors."

A state policeman said he heard reports from the Air Force that a plane had been dispatched in the area.

REPORTS from Deming and Hatch said many had seen the same object.

The Air Force said low-flying jets have been taking pictures day and night from Albuquerque west to Kingman, Ariz. and from Deming west to Casa Grande, Ariz.

The planes use bright strobe units that flash off and on, light-ing a large area for picture-taking.

Santa Fean Reports
(Continued from Page 1)

ring of blue flame erupting from many jets around the bottom of the craft. The jets were noiseless and were turned off while he watched. He saw no persons around. The craft which he described as a windowless bright metal, egg-shaped object and as long a telephone pole, and probably 14 feet in circumference.

No one ventured out of the Gallegos home again during the night. The object was gone in the morning, but the ground was still smoldering.

A team of investigators at Kirtland Air Force Base, Albuquerque, was told the scene of a tourist told him in a cafe here Sunday night that a low-flying bright object had nearly crowd-ed him off U.S. 85 two miles south of Socorro between 7:30 and 8 p.m. The unidentified tourist was traveling north of 85 and the object going south.


- page 27 -

Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol 2 No 2, '64

THEY SEARCHED, and had a color county car the spot where Patrolman Lonnie Zamora (left) are a "flying saucer"

USA UNDERGOES UFO AVALANCHE!

Beginning in late April the United States has literally been besieged with sightings of unidentified flying objects. Even in August, as this is being written, the "Flap" shows no sign of letting up. Sightings reports keep pouring in from all over the nation. However, a very large percentage of reports are coming from the Western U.S., the Ohio Valley, and the Pennsylvania-New Jersey region.

From its nationwide press clipping service AMUFQ has received hundreds of newspaper clippings dealing with UFO sightings. This enables us to confirm the major sightings and report details to our readers.

The Flap started, as most know, when Socorro, N.M., policeman Lonnie Zamora (note inserted clipping) sighted an egg-shaped metallic object about a mile north of the town. Two giraffe-like legs were visible on the side of the object Zamora faced (continued on page 3)

UFO AVALANCHE - continued from page 1

Right next to the object were two figures, rather small in size. The author will not rehash the matter, so will cite only a newspaper account with a burst of flame took off. Two days later the incident made newspaper headlines all over the world. Shortly after the Zamora sightings, more landing reports came in from all over the state of New Mexico and other parts the west. It is needless to elucidate all of these here, since many members will have already read of them. However, full coverage to all 164 sightings will be given in AMUFQ's forthcoming full-length book (see page for details). Reports here are all UFO sightings AMUFQ has received during the period of June 1st onward.


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

El Defensor
SOCORRO: Inhabited Since 1540 -- Home of the Famed New Mexico
PRICE 10¢
Published Tuesdays & Thursdays in Socorro, N. M. 878
VOL. 98 -- NO. 34

Evidence Of UFO Landing H

[Photograph caption: Where UFO Landed in Socorro: State Police Sgt. Sam Chavez and Lewis A. Reddell, publisher of El Defensor-Chieftain, stand at one of the some-circled depressions (arrow) made by a leg of an unidentified flying object which landed in a gully near the courthouse last Friday. The arrow in left foreground points to another depression made by a leg. Near]

[Rest of the text on the right side of the page is partially cut off or illegible]

The photograph shows a rocky, barren landscape with two people standing near some circular depressions in the ground.


- page 29 -

Here is the text from the document:

Defensor & Ghiettair
PRICE 10¢
Since 1540 - Home of the Famed New Mexico Institute of Mining & Technology
Published Tuesdays & Thursdays in Socorro, N. M. 87801                TUESDAY, APRIL 28,

Of UFO Landing Here Observe

City Policeman Zamora Reports Sighting Egg-Shaped Object and Views Take-Off;
Tourist Sees Craft Just Before Landing
Santa Fean Reports
Seeing UFO Landed
North of Espanola

An unidentified flying object was reported to have landed and taken off near La Madera, north of Espanola, two days following the stop of a UFO in Socorro.

The evidence that Orlando Gallegos of Santa Fe reported was similar to that found in Socorro. He and his family went to visit his father, just north of La Madera, arriving about 12:30 a.m. Sunday.

Gallegos later told State Police he saw the object sitting on the ground in a gravel area when he went outside to chase away horses. He did not approach closer than 200 feet. He noticed a (Continued on Page 4)

What appears to be substantial evidence of an unidentified object landing and taking in Socorro has been observe a highly reliable source, a four-legged, egg-shaped object and two persons in a gully, mile south of the courthouse shortly before 6 p.m. Friday saw the object rise straight up and take-off, and disappear beyond Six-Mile Canyon to west. Some of the evidence of the landing and take-off rend in the gully. There were shallow holes where the object apparently landed on its sphere were burned areas and seared clumps of green grass and were two round, very small depressions. No footprints were found.

Zamora said he saw letters on the side of the UFO, and sketched the lettering on a sack after the object had landed. He did not believe the lettering was in English and he observed no numerals as there are known.

Aircraft, Zamora said, was not at liberty to further describe the lettering, said

[The rest of the text continues on Page 4, which is not shown in this image]

The image also contains a photograph of a landscape with some depressions or marks on the ground, with an arrow pointing to these marks.


- page 30 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

At least one other person — an unidentified tourist — traveling north on U. S. 85 — saw the UFO just before it landed in gully. Opal Grinder, manager of Whiting Brothers' Service Station on 55 north, said the man stopped at the station and remarked that aircraft flew low around here.

Grinder replied, there were many helicopters in this vicinity.

The tourist said "Funny-looking helicopter, if that's what it was". The man said further the object had flown over his car. It actually was headed straight for the gully where it landed moments later. The tourist also commented that he had seen a police car heading up the hill. This was Zamora's car.

A Tucson, Ariz., couple was here Sunday to interview Zamora for a scientific article on the object. The woman said a minister and 26 other persons in New Guinea had seen a similar object hovering, for two hours at an estimated altitude of 400 feet. It was reported the observers had seen a man on the "deck" of the object.

Maj. William Conner of Kirtland Air Force Base, Albuquerque, was also here Sunday after noon to interview Zamora. The major said he was not at liberty to comment. He and an Air Force sergeant visited the UFO scene. Use of a Geiger counter at the scene was reported to have brought negative results.

Capt. Richard T. Holder of Socorro, U.S. Army up-range commander with Headquarters at Stallion Range Center on White Sands Missile Range, said Saturday:

"I was contacted on the evening of April 24 by local authorities and asked to provide assistance in identifying a reported UFO. After being apprised of the situation, I attempted to determine whether White Sands Missile Range or Holloman Air Force Base had anything that might produce the conditions described.

Neither White Sands Missile Range nor Holloman had an object that would compare to the object described. There was no known firing mission in progress at the time of the occurrence that would produce the conditions reported."

Zamora continued driving up the hill to get a closer look at the object and the persons. When he stopped his car on the top of the mesa and directly opposite the place in the gully where the UFO had landed, he saw it again, but the persons were not outside the object on which the sun gleamed brightly. He got out of his car and started towards the UFO. Then he again heard the roar or blast that had brought him to the scene and saw flames. Dust was flying around the object.

The policeman believed the object was about to explode. He was about 50 feet from the UFO, and for protection he dropped to the ground and covered his face with an arm.

No explosion occurred, and Zamora also realized the object was not heading in his direction. He raised his head slightly. He saw the UFO, which seemed to be headed south on landing, rise straight up for an estimated 20 feet, which brought it about on a level with the police car on the mesa top. The object appeared to maintain this altitude beyond the explosives building and due west in a straight line for about two miles to the perlite mill. On the other side of the mill the UFO gained altitude very rapidly, passed over Six-Mile Canyon, became a speck in the sky, and disappeared.

Zamora said here was a sharp whining sound at the end of the roar preceding the object's takeoff. As the object got into the air, the noise quieted. The object did not leave a jet trail. Reports of other supposed UFOs have mentioned that they fly with little or no noise.

Zamora radioed the sheriff's office immediately after the object was taken off. State Police Sgt. Sam Chavez, State Policeman Ted Jordan, and Undersheriff James Luckie responded. Chavez and Luckie said the burned clumps of green grass and the greasewood were still hot when they arrived. The military later took samples of the burned earth for analysis.


- page 31 -

An inspection of the scene Sat-
urday morning showed the ob-
ject had landed astride a narrow,
rock-strewn dry wash in the
gully. Officers earlier had circled
with stones the four places where
the legs of the object had touch-
ed earth. The holes were shallow,
about a foot long by six inches
wide. They did not appear to
have been made by an object
striking the earth with great
force, but by an object of con-
siderable weight settling to earth
at slow speed and not moving at
ter touching the ground.

The two legs of the object that
Zamora saw probably were about
2½ feet long.

It was about 12 feet from one
landing hole to the other on the
west side and 15 feet between the
two on the east side. The width
probably was nine or more feet.
The clumps of green grass and
two grasewood bushes seemed
to have been scarred all at once
by an extremely hot flame. There
were also broken branches on
one grasewood.

The two round depressions
were four and five inches in
diameter, respectively.

The cause of the landing of the
object, like its identity and its
source, remain unanswered. Was
the landing in the secluded, little
frequented gully for a test of
caused by momentary mechanical
difficulty?

After Capt. Holder was ap-
prised of the UFO occurrence, he
made a report of it to the proper
agencies at WSMR. Investigation
of the incident will be conducted
by designated government agen-
cies.

By Sunday afternoon hundreds of curious persons had
trampled the scene and there
was virtually no evidence left of
the landing marks.


- page 32 -

Here is the text from the document:

WHITE SANDS MISSILE RANGE, N. M., MAY 13 (AP)--A SECOND ATTEMPT WILL BE MADE TODAY TO FIRE A LITTLE JOE II ROCKET IN A TEST OF THE APOLLO MOONLIGHT ESCAPE SYSTEM.

THE SHOT WAS POSTPONED YESTERDAY BECAUSE OF GUSTY WINDS AND A DESERT SANDSTORM.

THE LITTLE JOE IS EXPECTED TO HURL THE SIMULATED APOLLO SPACECRAFT TO 22,000 FEET AT 6 A.M. (MST).

A DESTRUCT SIGNAL WILL DESTROY THE MISSILE AND FIRE THE ESCAPE SYSTEM. IT WILL SEPARATE THE COMMAND MODULE AND PROPEL IT A SAFE DISTANCE WHERE FOUR PARACHUTES WILL BE DEPLOYED TO LOWER THE CRAFT TO EARTH.

THE COMMAND MODULE IS THE NERVE CENTER FOR THE APOLLO AND WILL CARRY THE ASTRONAUT-PILOTS.

JF618ACS


- page 33 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

A163X*
FIRST LEAD LITTLE JOE (270)
SGT HAROLD R. WILLIAMS
WHITE SANDS MISSILE RANGE, N.M., MAY 13 (AP)--THE FIERY EXPLOSION OF
A LITTLE JOE II ROCKET SHATTERED THE EARLY MORNING CALM TODAY IN A
TEST OF THE APOLLO MOON SPACECRAFT LAUNCH ESCAPE SYSTEM.
EARLY INDICATIONS FROM NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
OFFICIALS WERE THAT THE TEST, THE FIRST OF FIVE OF THE APOLLO ESCAPE
SYSTEM, WAS SUCCESSFUL. IT HAD BEEN DELAYED 24 HOURS BECAUSE OF WINDS A
DUST STORM YESTERDAY.
LITTLE JOE II BLASTED INTO THE SKY ABOUT 6 A.M. (MST) FROM A CLOUD
OF DUST CAUSED BY THE ROCKET'S SEVEN SOLID FUEL ENGINES, GENERATING
MORE THAN 300,000 POUNDS OF THRUST.
CLIMBING TO 22,000 FEET ALTITUDE IN ABOUT 30 SECONDS, THE 85-FOOT
TALL VEHICLE STACKED WITH BOILERPLATE MODELS OF THE APOLLO COMMAND AND
SERVICE MODULES, REACHED A MAXIMUM AERODYNAMIC STRESS PERIOD AT THE
TIME OF THE EXPLOSION THAT WAS SET OFF BY GROUND SIGNAL.
AT THE SAME INSTANT, EXPLOSIVE BOLTS SEPARATED THE COMMAND MODULE
FROM THE DISINTEGRATING ROCKET AND THE 155,000-POUND THRUST ESCAPE
ROCKET FIRED, CARRYING THE COMMAND MODULE ANOTHER 4,000 FEET HIGHER.
SAFELY AWAY FROM THE EXPLOSION, THE COMMAND MODULE, WHICH WILL
CARRY ASTRONAUTS TO THE MOON, SEPARATED FROM THE ESCAPE TOWER.
ABOUT 7 1/2 MINUTES AFTER THE FIRING, THE COMMAND MODULE, SUSPENDED
BY PARACHUTES, FLOATED TO THE DESERT FLOOR ABOUT FIVE MILES FROM THE
LAUNCH SITE.
A NASA SPOKESMAN SAID THE ONLY APPARENT TROUBLE WAS THAT ONE OF THE
THREE 33-FOOT DIAMETER RING PARACHUTES ATTACHED TO THE COMMAND MODULE
BROKE AWAY FROM THE CAPSULE SOON AFTER THEY OPENED AT 7,500 FEET
ALTITUDE. EARLIER, NASA OFFICIALS HAD SAID TWO PARACHUTES COULD BRING
THE CAPSULE DOWN SAFELY.
WATCHING TODAY'S TEST FROM A BLOCKHOUSE NEAR THE LAUNCH SITE
WERE ASTRONAUTS LT. CMDR. CHARLES CONRAD, LT. CMDR. JAMES A. LOVELL,
MAJ. GORDON COOPER, CMDR. ALAN SHEPARD JR., AND DONALD SLAYTON.
(NO PICKUP)
B924ACS


- page 34 -

TITLE:

UFO Sighting, Socorro, New Mexico, 24 Apr 64                                28 May 64

Hq USAF SAFOI PS (Mrs Geiser)
Wash D. C. 20330

1. The following is a resume on the unidentified flying object sighted by Mr. Lonnie Zamora, of Socorro, New Mexico on 24 Apr 64, results of the investigation so far, conclusions reached by PTID and course of action in continuing the investigation.

2. Background Information:

(1) At approximately 1745, 24 Apr 64 an unidentified flying object was observed by Mr Lonnie Zamora in Socorro, New Mexico. The sighting was reported to Sgt Chavez of the New Mexico State Police. The object sighted by Mr. Zamora had left markings at the ground as several turned spots in the area. The area was secured by Sgt Chavez and the commanding officer, Capt Holder, of the Station Site at White Sands not. Capt Holder conducted an initial investigation of the sighting and obtained samples of the charred areas and dirt surrounding the markings left by the UFO.

(2) News media and persons connected with various UFO organizations such as APRO and NICAP received word of the sighting and sent investigators to the scene. Newspaper accounts of the sighting had become much distorted with reports of little running around and rocket-ship, blaming off into space. The account of the sighting carried in the El Defensor & Chieftain dated Tuesday, 28 April 1964 and the account by UFO representative Dick Hall, carried in the Saturday Evening Journal, 25 Apr 1964, were essentially correct.

As a result of wide news coverage and public interest in the sighting, Captain Hector Quintanilla, Project Officer, directed Capt David Moody to assist in the investigation. Capt Moody contacted Major Conner, the Officer at Kirtland AFB responsible for unidentified flying object investigations, and accompanied him to Socorro. Information obtained during this investigation revealed that the sighting was legitimate and there was no indication that a hoax was being perpetrated. The results of Capt Holder's investigation were received, interviews with Sgt Chavez and Lonnie Zamora were conducted. A geiger counter was used to determine if radiation was present in the area of the sighting.


- page 35 -

Here is the text from the document:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

NEVER USE FOR APPROVALS, DISAPPROVALS, CONCURRENCES, OR SIMILAR ACTIONS

Name or Title: Carol Quintanilla

Organization and Location: 4DE

From Name or Title: (blank)

Organization and Location: 4DE

Date: 14 May

Telephone: 7413

DD FORM 95
1 FEB 50

Replaces DA AGO Form 805, 1 Apr 48, and AFHQ
Form 12, 10 Nov 47, which may be used.

GPO


- page 36 -

* Listed as having Spacecraft Landing Gear Experience
Jet Propulsion Labs. NASA's supervises all landers.

* Manned Mars Excursion Module, (MEM)
Aerotronics Division, Philco, Newport Beach, Calif

Lunar Excursion Module (LEM)
Grumman A/C, Long Island, New York (Prime Contractor)

* Lunar Excursion Module (Ascent Rocket)
BELL Aerosystem Co, Buffalo, New York

Lunar Modular Base, 4 legs
Douglas Missile & Space Systems

* Re-Entry & Landing Studies
Goodyear Aerospace Corp, Akron, Ohio

Lunar Surveyor Vehicle
Hughes Aircraft Co

* Advanced Lunar Transport Systems
Long-Tempco-Vought, Greenville, Texas

* Manned Planetary Systems/Lunar Ferry
Lockheed Aircraft Co, Burbank, Calif

* Manned Mars Landing Study
North American Aviation Inc, Downey, Calif

Companies having capability in Spacecraft Landing but no specific System is listed.

Bendix Corp
Cleveland Pneumati Aiv of Pneumodynamics
McDonnell Aircraft, St Louis (Gemini),
Menasco Mfg Co, Ft Worth Texas
Northrop - (Gemini), Mercury & Apollo Landing)
Stanley a/c
United a/c


- page 37 -

UFIL FILE COPY

Request for Lunar Module Information                                   20 May 64

Douglas Missile and Space Systems
Santa Monica, California

1. Request any information relative to the present status
of lunar module projects conducted by your corporation.
Information should be forwarded to Captain Hector Quintanilla,
PM (WDO), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433.

2. We have a particular interest in your lunar modular base
configuration.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

M/R: Mr. Ralph Payne from Douglas a/c contacted this office on 30 Jun 64.
Gave us a booklet and said that he would get in touch with either
Captain Quintanilla or myself in the latter part of the week.


- page 38 -

TNEW
Request for Lunar Module Information                                   20 May 64

Hughes Aircraft Co.
Burbank, California

1. Request any information relative to the present status
of Lunar module project conducted by your corporation.
Information should be forwarded to Captain Hector Quintanilla,
FTD (TDSN/UIO), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433.

2. We have a particular interest in the Lunar Surveyor Vehicles.

FOR THE COMMANDER

BRUCE T. de JONGH, JR.
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology


- page 39 -

TDSW
Request for Lunar Module Information                                26 May 64

Hughes Aircraft Co.
Los Angeles, California

1. Request any information relative to the present status
of lunar module projects conducted by your corporation.
Information should be forwarded to Captain Hector Quintanilla,
FTD (TDSW/UFO), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433.

2. We have a particular interest in the Lunar Surveyor Vehicle.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ENID T. de JONGH HILLS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems


- page 40 -

Here is the text from the document:

FTD (TDL)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO
45433

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL BUSINESS

Unknown in Burbank, Ca.

Hughes Aircraft Co
Burbank, California

POSTAGE AND FEES PAID

[Postmark: MAY 20 1964 PM PATTERSON AFB OHIO]


- page 41 -

HUGHES AIRCRAFT COMPANY
AEROSPACE GROUP
SPACE SYSTEMS DIVISION
EL SEGUNDO, CALIFORNIA

15 June 1964

Commander
Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Attention: Captain Hector Quintanilla
FTD (TDEW/UFO)

We are in receipt of Colonel Jonckheere's letter of
26 May 1964 requesting information on Lunar Module Projects.
We have referred your request for information to the
Project Office of Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute
of Technology. I trust you will be hearing from them shortly.

Very truly yours,

D. H. Sandler
Advanced Program Development

DHS:ly


- page 42 -

HUGHES AIRCRAFT COMPANY
AEROSPACE GROUP - SPACE SYSTEMS DIVISION
POST OFFICE BOX 90518, AIRPORT STATION
LOS ANGELES 9, CALIFORNIA

D. H. Sandler
366/1261

Commander
Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Attn: Capt. Hector Quintanilla
FTD (DEW/UFO)


- page 43 -

FROM:
THE CLEVELAND PNEUMATIC TOOL COMPANY
DIVISION OF CLEVELAND PNEUMATIC INDUSTRIES, INC.
3781 EAST 77TH STREET   CLEVELAND 5, OHIO

To:
Headquarters
Foreign Technology Division
Air Force Systems Command
United States Air Force
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio
Attn: Captain Hector Quintanilla TDEW

CONTENTS—MERCHANDISE—FOURTH CLASS MAIL
POSTMASTER—This Parcel May Be Opened For Postal Inspection If Necessary. Return Postage Guaranteed

Handwritten note at top: "Received Reply 27 May 64"


- page 44 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

ITEM:
Request for Lunar Module Information                                   20 May 64

Cleveland Pneumatic Aviation of Pneumodynamics
Cleveland, Ohio

Our office is interested in lunar module-type spacecraft having landing gear experience. Normally these projects are supervised by NASA.

2. It is our understanding that your corporation has some capability in spacecraft landing but no specific system is being developed. We would appreciate any information which you may have at your disposal. This information may be sent to: Captain Hector Quintanilla, FTD (USAF), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, 45433.

FOR THE COMMANDER

FRED T de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

[Handwritten notes at bottom partially illegible]

Cleveland Pneumatic Tool Company
3781 East 77th St.
Cleveland 5, Ohio


- page 45 -

UFO sighting. The data was collected and no positive conclusion reached. On Tuesday, 28 April 1964, Capt Quintanilla directed Doctor J Allan Hynek to Socorro to obtain additional data. Composite results of the investigation by Capt Holder, Sgt Moody, Dr Hynek and Major Conner indicated that the attached narrative depicts the true circumstances of the sighting.

b. Specific Findings from Efforts to Date:

(1) On the evening of 24 April 1964 Sgt Chaves of the New Mexico State Police accompanied by Agent Burns of the FBI and Capt Richard Holder conducted a search of the area surrounding the sighting. There were no markings or anything other than those located at the site of the alleged landing and so noted in Capt Holder's report.

(2) Radioactivity: Major Conner and Sgt Moody checked the area for radiation. There was no radioactivity in the area of the sighting.

(3) Helo Activity: A check was made to determine if any helicopter activity was in the area at the approximate time of the sighting. This check was conducted with Capt Holder who talked with the pilots and operational personnel. All helicopters at White Sands were in the hangars at the time of the sighting. Sgt Moody checked all ARS helicopters at Kirtland and the landing chase. All were accounted for on the ground. Helo activity was checked within a radius of 300 miles including Biggs AFB at El Paso with negative results. All military units including those associated with Project Cloud Cap have been eliminated as a possible cause of the sighting. However, civilian helicopter activity was not completely determined.

(4) Radar Surveillance of the Area: Capt Holder contacted radar sites at White Sands and Alamogordo. He was informed that there was no unidentified activity in the area during the time of the sighting.

(5) Soil Samples: The soil samples obtained at the sighting site were given to J Allen Hynek by Capt Holder. They were turned over to Captain Quintanilla and were sent to AEC for analysis. Laboratory analysis of the soil was completed on 19 May 64. It included spectrographic analysis which revealed that there was no foreign material in the soil samples. Also, no chemicals were detected in the charred or burned soil which would indicate a type of propellant. There was no significant difference in elemental composition between the different samples.


- page 46 -

THE CLEVELAND PNEUMATIC TOOL COMPANY
3761 EAST 77TH STREET
CLEVELAND 5, OHIO
DIAMOND 14700

May 26, 1964

Reference: SD-2-1733

Headquarters
Foreign Technology Division
Air Force Systems Command
United States Air Force
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

ATTENTION: Captain Hector Quintanilla/TDEW

SUBJECT: Lunar Module Spacecraft Landing Gear

Gentlemen:

This is to confirm our recent telephone conversation with regard to your letter of May 20, 1964 in which you ask for information relative to our experience in the lunar field. We believe a review of the enclosed booklets will indicate to you that we do have considerable background in this field.

We have submitted proposals to the Martin Company, Baltimore, Maryland, and also Grumman in Bethpage, Long Island. These were classified proposals, details of which are possibly available to you at Wright Field.

Our Instrumentation and Control Division in Grand Rapids received a contract (AF33(616)-6572) several years ago covering a study of "Vehicle Departure and Alightment Concepts". Again, may we suggest that the complete file on this subject is available to you at Wright Field. For your convenient reference, we attach copies of reports 1, 3, 4, 5, 14, and 15 covering this particular study. These are probably the most graphic reports submitted against the contract, and will serve to show you the numerous areas of study.

Our National Water Lift Division in Kalamazoo, Michigan, produced the landing gear assembly for the "surveyor" project. A copy of a single page brochure on this topic is enclosed.


- page 47 -

Here is the text from the document:

THE CLEVELAND PNEUMATIC TOOL COMPANY
A DIVISION OF CLEVELAND PNEUMATIC INDUSTRIES, INC.

PAGE 2

We do not feel free to pass on further information on this program because of the restrictions imposed by the prime contractor, Hughes Aircraft Company. Additional information on this project may be in your files or available to you by contacting the Hughes Company.

If it would be of any assistance to you in your present project, we would be pleased to have one of our preliminary design engineers visit you for general technical discussions on "lunar landing gear". If you would prefer to visit us, we would certainly be glad to have you spend a day or two with us. These suggestions, of course, do not place you or the Government under any obligation to us whatsoever.

Very truly yours,

THE CLEVELAND PNEUMATIC TOOL COMPANY

W. A. Lavery
Manager - Sales, Contracts

WAL:mb
Enc.


- page 48 -

PNEUMODYNAMICS CORP.
NATIONAL WATER LIFT DIVISION

SURVEYOR LANDING GEAR

Project Surveyor is a scientific task with the end requirement of successfully accomplishing a landing on the moon. The lunar vehicle lands on three legs. A shock absorber is incorporated in each leg to dissipate some of the touchdown energy and to store the balance. NWL is responsible for the design, production, and testing of these shock absorbers, Model 1859.

The design parameters are very severe. Temperatures range from +2750 F to -300° F, pressures inside the unit go up to 15,000 psi, and pressures outside the unit drop to 10-14 torr. The required damping profile is both a function of unit velocity and unit stroke position.

The unit contains a gas charge at 1500 psi and will retain such a charge for 12 months. External moving parts are encapsulated by flexible metal bellows. The unit uses a special grade of titanium (13 Cr 11V 3 Al) heat treated to 185,000 psi minimum. A very detailed and comprehensive reliability program controls this project.

By the nature of its' end usage, the production of the shock absorber will be small. However, the engineering, product know-how, and special experience requirement are very large. This unit typifies NWL Company's capacity for small production runs on sophisticated hardware.

[A black and white photograph of a long, slender mechanical device/instrument is present at the bottom of the page, with a date stamp in the lower right corner]


- page 49 -

Here is the text from the document:

NWL PNEUMODYNAMICS CORP.
NATIONAL WATER LIFT DIVISION

SURVEYOR LANDING GEAR

Project Surveyor is a scientific task with the end requirement of successfully accomplishing a landing on the moon. The lunar vehicle lands on three legs. A shock absorber is incorporated in each leg to dissipate some of the touchdown energy and to store the balance. NWL is responsible for the design, production, and testing of these shock absorbers, Model 1859.

The design parameters are very severe. Temperatures range from +275° F to - 300° F, pressures inside the unit go up to 15,000 psi, and pressures outside the unit drop to 10-14 torr. The required damping profile is both a function of unit velocity and unit stroke position.

The unit contains a gas charge at 1500 psi and will retain such a charge for 12 months. External moving parts are encapsulated by flexible metal bellows. The unit uses a special grade of titanium (13 Cr 11V 3 Al) heat treated to 185,000 psi minimum. A very detailed and comprehensive reliability program controls this project.

By the nature of its end usage, the production of the shock absorber will be small. However, the engineering, product know-how, and special experience requirement are very large. This unit typifies NWL Company's capacity for small production runs on sophisticated hardware.


- page 50 -

V.C. SERIANNI

EASTERN SALES REPRESENTATIVE
MENSCO MANUFACTURING COMPANY
BURBANK, CALIFORNIA

114 MANCHESTER DRIVE
DAYTON 29, OHIO
AMMST29-3701


- page 51 -

THEN

Request for Lunar Module Information                                                   19 May 64

Goodyear Aerospace Corp
Akron, Ohio

1. Request any information relative to the present status of lunar module projects conducted by your corporation.

Information should be forwarded to Captain Hector Quintanilla, FTD (MEVI/UTO), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433.

2. We have a particular interest in recovery and landing studies.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
HQ BSYGYRO

M/R: Mr. Fred Ruble called Capt Quintanilla on 28 May 64 regarding the above letter. He is the Goodyear representative regarding this particular field and has been in contact with FTD in the past.

His phone: 216-666-2660 Akron. Information on these programs are generally classified. Capt. Capp, a desire to interview or contact Mr. Ruble may do so. Their representative suggested Space-Astronautics May 1964 regarding the M-1 III and M-2 vehicles associated with this type program.


- page 52 -

UFFH FILE COPY

SUBJECT: Request for Lunar Mobile Information                    20 May 64

Menasco Mfg Co
Fort Worth, Texas

1. Our office is interested in lunar module type spacecraft having landing gear experience. Normally these projects are supervised by NASA.

2. It is our understanding that your corporation has some capability on the spacecraft landing but no specific system is being developed. We would appreciate any information which you may have at your disposal. This information may be sent to Captain Hector Quintanilla, FTD (TIDES/UFO, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC'T de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy, for Technology
and Subsystems

M/R: Capt Quintanilla spoke with TC Berlanti; representative for the Menasco Manufacturing Company, on 20 May 64. Menasco has the capability of producing a Lunar Landing Module, however they have not built any models for any of the contractors.

Menasco has done much research in this area and have a Laboratory model with glider-like pods for a landing mechanism.


- page 53 -

MENASCO MANUFACTURING COMPANY
TEXAS DIVISION
TELEPHONE BU 3-4471                                                                                                    BOX 7907, SYLVANIA STATION
                                                                                                                        FORT WORTH, TEXAS

                                                                                                                        May 25, 1964
                                                                                                                        Letter No. TS 5516

Headquarters
Foreign Technology Division
Air Force Systems Command
United States Air Force
Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Attention:   Eric T. deJonckheere, Colonel, USAF
              Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

Subject:     Request for Lunar Module Information

Gentlemen:

In response to your letter of May 20, 1964, we have referred your inquiry to our Dayton, Ohio representative, Mr. Vince Serianni, who will contact Captain Hector Quintanilla in regard to our capability and interest in programs of this type.

Thank you for your inquiry, and we trust that we may be of service to you in the future.

Very truly yours,
MENASCO MANUFACTURING CO.

[Signature]
R. J. Schmidt
Divisional Sales Manager

RJS:ds


- page 54 -

TDEV

Request for Lunar Module Information                                   19 May 64

Bell Aerosystem Co
Buffalo, New York

1. Request any information relative to the present status of lunar module projects conducted by your corporation. Information should be forwarded to Captain Hector Quintanilla, Jr (USAF/UVO) Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433.

2. We have a particular interest in the Lunar Excursion Module (Rocket).

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC J. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems


- page 55 -

Here is the text from the document:

BELL AEROSYSTEMS COMPANY
DIVISION OF BELL AEROSPACE CORPORATION - A TEXTRON COMPANY
POST OFFICE BOX ONE • BUFFALO, NEW YORK 14240

ONE OF THE
TEXTRON
COMPANIES

Headquarters
Foreign Technology Division
Air Force Systems Command
United States Air Force
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio 45433

Attention: Captain Hector Quintanilla
FTD (TDEW/UFO)

VIA AIR MAIL


- page 56 -

Here is the text from the document:

(6) VTOL and Lunar Modules:

(a) Personnel working on the development of VTOL type aircraft and lunar modules were consulted. VTOL type s/c were not eliminated as a possible cause due to the absence of a blast effect in the area. There were several types of ducted blast devices which would divert the force of the blast outward. However, they were not aware of an operational craft of this nature.

(b) Lunar Module configurations conform not only to the description of the object but also have given similar lines. Like or some which would produce markings such as those found at Socorro. One known experimental model, constructed by Bell Aircraft Corporation, is located at Edwards, AFB.

(7) Additional Witness: The El Defensor and Chieftain of Tuesday 28 Apr 64 carried an article indicating that no unidentified tourist traveling north on U.S. 85 near the UFO just before it landed. He also observed the police car heading up the hill toward the spot where the UFO landed. If this is true, the UFO was not coming from that direction. A telephone call to Mr Opal Grinder of Whiting Brothers Service Station indicated that he was the source for reporting this an unidentified tourist had observed the unidentified flying object. He verified the information in the news article was correct.

General Conclusions to Date:

(1) Evaluation of the data contained in the various investigative reports confirm that a sighting definitely did occur. The description of the object and flight characteristics coincident with that expected of a helicopter, VTOL, or Lunar landing vehicle. Current available data tends to establish the identity of the vehicle which caused the sighting. The following statement by Captain Hector Quintanilla represents a statement which may be released to the press.

"Conclusion: The investigators at Wright-Patterson have not been able to identify or determine what type of vehicle or object was observed at Socorro, New Mexico, on 24 April 1964. The object or vehicle displayed flight characteristics well within the State-of-the-Art and the sighting cannot be attributed to atmospheric or astronomical phenomena. In this respect, I can categorically state that the vehicle or object observed by Mr Lonnie Zamora was not an inter-planetary space vehicle visiting the planet Earth. This case is still open, and the investigation is still in progress."

3


- page 57 -

Here is the text from the document:

BELL AEROSYSTEMS COMPANY
BUFFALO, NEW YORK • NIAGARA 287.1000 AREA CODE 716

4 September 1964

Subject: NAS 9-1100
Request for Lunar Module Information

To: Headquarters
Foreign Technology Division
Air Force Systems Command
United States Air Force
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Attention: Captain Hector Quintanilla
FTD (TDEW/UFO)

1. We have received your request for LEM information. Thank you for your interest in Bell's participation in this program. Bell's participation involves the production of both the LEM Ascent Engine and positive expulsion tanks for the LEM reaction control system. These tanks are patterned after similar tanks we are making for the Apollo Command Module reaction control system.

2. We are unable to honor your request for LEM information at this time. Because of the terms of our subcontracts with Grumman Aircraft, approval must be obtained from Grumman prior to releasing information concerning the subcontracts. A request has been sent to Grumman requesting approval to supply you with information. To date we have not received this approval.

3. If you wish to contact Grumman directly to explain your requirements for information, we suggest that you contact the following:

Grumman Aircraft Engineering Corporation
Bethpage, Long Island, New York

Attention: Mr. E. F. Hintz
Subcontract Administrator
Plant No. 25

A. E. Mirti
Project Director
LEM Ascent Engine

AEM:JKS:nm

cc: Col. E. T. de Jonckheer, USAF
Mr. E. F. Hintz, GAEC
Mr. J. Conover, GAEC Res. Rep. at BAC

DIVISION OF BELL AEROSPACE CORPORATION - A textron COMPANY


- page 58 -

Here is the text from the document:

BELL AEROSYSTEMS COMPANY
BUFFALO 5 NEW YORK

4 September 1964

Subject: NAS 9-1100
Request for Lunar Module Information

To: Headquarters
Foreign Technology Division
Air Force Systems Command
United States Air Force
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Attention: Captain Hector Quintanilla
PTID (TDEW/UFO)

1. We have received your request for LEM Information. Thank you for your interest in Bell's participation in this program. Bell's participation involves the production of both the LEM Ascent Engine and positive expulsion tanks for the LEM reaction control system. These tanks are patterned after similar tanks we are making for the Apollo Command Module Reaction Control System.

2. We are unable to honor your request for LEM information at this time. Because of the terms of our subcontracts with Grumman Aircraft, approval must be obtained from Grumman prior to releasing information concerning the subcontracts. A request has been sent to Grumman requesting approval to supply you with information. To date we have not received this approval.

3. If you wish to contact Grumman directly to explain your requirements for information, we suggest that you contact the following:

Grumman Aircraft Engineering Corporation
Bethpage, Long Island, New York

Attention: Mr. E. F. Hintz
Subcontract Administrator
Plant No. 25

A. E. Mirti
Project Director
LEM Ascent Engine

AEM:JKS:mm

cc: Col. E. T. de Jonckheere, USAF
Mr. E. F. Hintz, GAEC
Mr. J. Conover, GAEC Res. Rep. at BAC


- page 59 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TDSW
Request for Lunar Module Information                    19 May 64

Grumman Aircraft
Long Island, New York

In request any information relative to the present status
of Lunar module project completed by your corporation.
Information should be forwarded to Captain Hector Quintanilla,
FTD (TDSN/070) Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45133.

2. We have a particular interest in the Lunar Excursion Module
(LEM)

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERNST P. De JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems


- page 60 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TNEW
Request for Lunar Module Information                    20 May 64

Long - Tampco - Vought Corporation
Greenville, Texas

1. Request any information relative to the present status
of Lunar module projects conducted by your corporation.
Information should be forwarded to Captain Hector Quintanilla,
PJMO(WDO) Directorate/Bldg AFB, Ohio, 45433.

2. We have a particular interest in the Advanced Lunar Trans-

FOR THE COMMANDER:

ERIC F. de JONCKHEERE
(Colonel), USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems


- page 61 -

TDEW

Request for Lunar Module Information                                   19 May 64

Aerometrics Division
Philco Corporation
Newport Beach, California

Request any unclassified information relative to the
present status of lunar module projects conducted by your
Corporation. Information should be forwarded to Captain
Eagle Quintanilla, Jr. FSD (BSI/JOJ) Wright-Patterson AFB,
Ohio 45433.

2. We have a particular interest in the Manned Mars
Excursion Module (MEM).

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems


- page 62 -

ITEM
Request for Lunar Mobile Information                                   19 May 64

Lockheed Aircraft Co
Burbank, California

1. Request any information relative to the present status
of lunar module projects conducted by your corporation.
Information should be forwarded to Captain Hector Quintanilla,
USAF (WUO), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433.

2. We have a particular interest in the Manned Planetary
System.

TO COMMANDER

HILL, J. de JONGHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems


- page 63 -

TDEN
Request for Lunar Module Information                                   19 May 64

North American Aviation Inc
Downey, California

1. Request any information relative to the present status
of lunar module projects conducted by your corporation.
Information should be forwarded to Captain Hector Quintanilla,
FTD (USAF/UO), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

2. We have a particular interest in the Manned Mars Landing Study

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC J. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems


- page 64 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

THEW
Request for Lunar Module Information

20 May 64.

McDonnell Aircraft
Project Gemini
Lambert Field
St Louis, Missouri

1. Our office is interested in lunar module type spacecraft having landing gear experience. Normally these projects are supervised by NASA.

2. It is our understanding that your corporation has some capability on the spacecraft landing but no specific system is being developed. We would appreciate any information which you may have at your disposal. This information may be sent to Captain Hector Quintanilla, FTD (AFCIN-UFO) Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433.

FOR THE COMMANDER

BRUCE J. de BLOIS, CHIEF
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology


- page 65 -

Here is the text from the document:

Los Angeles Times
Orange County

OFFICE- 1134 E. 17th St., Santa Ana
TELEPHONES
News, Classified and Display Adv.-Kimberly 7-5941
CLASSIFIED ONLY:
Cor. del Mar, 3516 E. Cst. Hy., OR. 5-0257

8 Pt. II-R WEDNESDAY MORNING, MAY 20, 1964 7★

[Caption for image:]
LANDING ON MARS - Leaving scientific equipment behind, explorers in the artist's drawing launch their craft to return to an orbiting mother ship which is stationary above Mars' atmosphere.

[Additional caption text:]
The journey by a U.S. space team could be made by 1975, according to Dr. Franklin P. Nixon, Mars Excursion Module program director at Newport's Aeronautronic Division of the Pi Co Corp.


- page 66 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

U.S. Space Team Could Blast Off for Mars in 1975, Scientist Says
- BY MILE BROUHARD -

ANAHEIM - A three-man U.S. space team could be successfully landed on Mars to conduct surface explorations in 1983, according to one man connected with the program.

The target date could be advanced several years - perhaps as early as 1975 - if federal government officials would give the program the go-ahead at this time, he contends.

"It would take about nine years to test and assemble the hardware and about six years to train the astronauts who would make the landing," says Dr. Franklin P. Dixon, Mars Excursion Module Program director at Newport's Aerontronic Division of the Philco Corp.

Moon Probe First
He said that current NASA projects linked with astronaut moon-landing will provide necessary information and equipment "needed" to land men on Mars and return them safely.

Dr. Dixon revealed this information and designs for the space vehicle to be used at Tuesday evening's meeting of the Orange County Chapter of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics at Disneyland Hotel here.

His disclosure was based on the final work Aeronautic Manned Spacecraft Center in Houston. The report requested by NASA was conducted to check the practicality of such a space attempt.

He hasn't the financial capability to attempt a similar project unless they completely trample the material needs of their exploding population, he said.

The landing team would be composed of the pilot, an astronaut, who would be trained to act as a scientific assistant once the 40-day exploration on Mars actually got underway: a scientific person trained in geology, physiology and meteorology who would be oriented to biology and bio-physics.

Modified Boosters
- Between five and ten current or modified Saturn-C boosters would launch the attempt by lifting all equipment needed for an initial earth-orbiting way station.

Once the way-station was in operation, a nuclear-powered spacecraft would be launched from it towards Mars.

He said the only additional work needed beyond current space studies would be the final development of a current nuclear-engine to propel the landing vehicle from an orbiting space station and better knowledge of Mars' atmospheric conditions.

Need Government Backing
"The major hurdle is usually to have the government want to make the venture," Dr. Dixon said. He hopes that the possibilities of greater scientific knowledge and the political advantages of outstripping Russia will provide leverage to get approval for the program.

The Russians at this time haven't the capability to make a similar trip.

The mother-ship would establish a Martian orbit and send out the actual landing craft towards a pre-designated landing area. This flight would last about one hour.

Craft Described
The explorer's small draft would be able to change direction once inside Mars' atmosphere to make corrections. The prime launching pattern. It would be a tall craft landing with the craft in position for blast-off when the return to the orbiting mother-ship is to be made.

Most of the equipment in the landing craft would be expendable once it has served its scientific purposes, Dr. Dixon said.

Ideally, the moon would be landed in the springtime near Mars' north polar ice cap so they could investigate "dark areas" which he said may be "some form of life lapping up the water created by the melting ice."


- page 67 -

4. Continuing Investigative Efforts at Present Include:

(1) The FTD Liaison Officer, Major Mitchell at White Sands, has been requested to determine if a vehicle from a classified project at White Sands could have contributed to the sighting.

(2) A letter has been sent to the FAA requesting any information relative to identification of a film using the marking observed by Zamora.

(3) NASA has been queried regarding the status of the Lunar Excursion Module of which no reply has been received.

(4) Letters concerning status of the Lunar Module program have been written to 25 industrial organizations.

(5) Contact with research and development personnel associated with VOHL and Lunar Module Programs is being maintained.

(6) Efforts to locate the unidentified tourist have not been successful; however, this is still a possibility.

Signed:
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

1 Atch.
Narrative of Sighting


- page 68 -

UH-1B

PURPOSE - Utility Tactical Hel. 8'5" diameter Bell Metal Interchangeable (Tail).*
COMMON NAME - Iroquois

AIRFRAME
Manufacturer - Bell
Personnel - Pilot-5 troops, or
Pilot and attendant and 3 litters
External Cargo - 4,000 lbs

ENGINE
Manufacturer - Lycoming
Model Designation - T-53-L-11
Take-Off Horsepower - 1,100
Description - Gas turbine, free
shaft

ROTOR
2-Blade, 44' diameter Bell Metal
Interchangeable (Main); 2-Blade,

PERFORMANCE
Range - 235 nautical miles
Hovering Ceiling - 16,500 feet
Max. Operating Wt. - 9,500 lbs
Max. Cruising Speed - 113 knots

REMARKS
The UH-1Bs are being used extensively in combat in Vietnam. Armed with rockets and machine guns, UH-1Bs provide close fire support for Allied field troops.
These ships also fly armed tactical escort missions for other heavier, less maneuverable troop-carrying aircraft.


- page 69 -

Here is the text from the document:

Flight Path

Reciprocating Engine Turn Out Blue Orange Flame

Blast Can Start Fire

Similar H-19 Medical Version

W/ Reciprocating Engine

Doubler


- page 70 -

Vistol - (N)

Bell Aero System - Lunar Landing Research Vehicle for NASA

Hydrogen Peroxide - Blue with Orange points


- page 71 -

Here is the text from the document:

PUBLISHERS

The Telegraph-Herald
DUBUQUE, IOWA
DIAL 58 3-8421

May 29, 1968

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Department of Astronomy
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois 60201

Dear Dr. Hynek:

Your letter of 30 April, requesting information about individuals referred to in the letter who might have witnessed the sighting of unidentified flying objects on April 24, 1964, was forwarded to my attention.

After considerable searching of the newspaper files during the period in question, I have come up with some helpful information.

The Telegraph-Herald carried a page one story on April 29, 1964 covering the details of the sighting. Two persons from Dubuque were listed in the story as having seen the object in question. The story lists:

Paul Kies, 650 Sunset Ridge, Dubuque, Iowa
and
Larry Kratzer, 1504 Henion, Dubuque, Iowa (now of 751 Kane Street)

I hope this information will be of value to you in your search for a solution to puzzling phenomenon of unidentified flying objects and trust that the information will be used with discretion.

Sincerely,
Richard C. Dempsey
Director of Public Relations

RCD:sle

RECEIVED
JUN 3 1968
ASTRONOMY DEPARTMENT
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY.


- page 72 -

30 April 1968

Editor
Telegraph Herald News
Dubuque, Iowa

Dear Sir:

In my capacity as Scientific Consultant to the Air Forces' Project Blue Book I am trying to get more details on the April 24, 1964 sighting at Socorro, New Mexico, made by Lt. Zamora.

I would very much appreciate your help in obtaining the name and address of the individual referred to in the enclosed copy of Mr. Bieberman's letter who might also have witnessed this sighting.

I wish to assure you that my interest in this matter is entirely professional and under no circumstances do I use this material for publicity purposes or for any other reason than to try to solve this puzzling phenomenon of unidentified flying objects.

Sincerely yours,

J. Allen Hynek
Director

JAh:lp
encl.


- page 73 -

COPY

26 April 1968

Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Chairman
Astronomy Department
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Dr. Hynek:

I may have a lead on the person you are looking for. Within a week or two after Zamora's sighting on April 24, 1964, my mother sent me a clipping from Dubuque who saw an saucer in Socorro. The clipping was from the Telegraph Herald in Dubuque, newspaper, and included a picture of the individual. As I recall, the man was driving into Socorro at the time. Unfortunately, I no longer have the clipping. However, I am sure that the name and address of the individual could be obtained from the Telegraph Herald in Dubuque.

Very truly yours,
(signed)
Robert A. Bieberman
601 Fitch Avenue
Socorro, New Mexico 87801


- page 74 -

April 26, 1968

Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Chairman
Astronomy Department
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Dr. Hynek:

I may have a lead on the person you are looking for. Within a week or two after Zamora's sighting on April 24, 1964, my mother sent me a clipping from Dubuque, Iowa which told of a person from Dubuque who saw the saucer in Socorro. The clipping was from the Telegraph Herald, Dubuque's newspaper, and included a picture of the individual.

As I recall, the man was driving into Socorro at the time. Unfortunately, I no longer have the clipping. However, I am sure that the name and address of the individual could be obtained from the Telegraph Herald in Dubuque.

Very truly yours,
Robert A. Buberman
601 Fitch Ave.


- page 75 -

The Albuquerque Tribune
Four Years Old

$100 Reward Offered
In Saucer Mystery

SOCORRO -- The mystery $100 reward to help locate
of a reported unidentified flying the object.
object four years ago south of
On April 24, 1964, Socorro
Socorro on an isolated hill re- Policeman Lonnie Zamora saw
mains unsolved.
a low-flying, egg-shaped object
And to help find clues to help with occupants.
solve the problem, Dr. J. Allen At least one other person, an
Hynek, chairman of the as- unidentified tourist, traveling
tronomy department at North- north on Old U.S. 85, was said
western University, is asking to have seen the UFO just
before it landed in the area.
Opal Grinder, who was a
manager of a Socorro service

station at that time, reported,
the tourist, a man, remarked
that aircraft flew low in the
Socorro area.
Grinder said there were
several helicopters in the area.
He quoted the tourist as replying that it was a "funny-looking
helicopter if that is what it
was." Grinder quoted the man
as saying the object flew directly over his car.
Grinder, unaware of Zamora's
sighting, said he attached no
importance to the report then.
Dr. Hynek told the Las
Cruces Sun-News that in an effort to establish the Socorro
sighting, he authorized the $100
reward, which will go to
persons knowing the whereabouts of the motorist.
Persons who would know the motorist should contact Dr. Hynek at
Northwestern University.


- page 76 -

1 - 15 MAY 1964 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                           OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

May     Newark, New Jersey                                            Insufficient Data
May     Munhall, Pennsylvania                                         Astro (METEOR)
1       30.20N 176.00W (Pacific)                                      Satellite
1       Mehlville, Missouri                                           Astro (VENUS/JUPITER)
1       North Carver, Massachusetts                                   Astro (VENUS)
1       Las Vegas, Nevada                                             Balloon
3       35.10N 174.40W (Pacific)                                      Satellite
3       Canberra, Australia                                           1. Satellite
4       Des Plaines, Illinois                                         2. Astro (STAR)
4       Boise, Idaho                           Multiple Civilians     Aircraft
4       Cannon AFB, New Mexico                 Military               Other (FLARE)
5       Savannah, Georgia                                             Astro (VENUS)
5       Middletown, Ohio                                              Aircraft
5       Outlook, Montana                                              Insufficient Data
5       Toledo, Ohio                                                  Astro (STAR/PLANET)
DR 6    43.10N 174.00W(Pacific)                Military Air           Satellite
8       Yellow Springs, Ohio                   (PHYS SPEC)            Other (Part of B-57)
8       Red Feather Lakes, Colorado                                   Satellite
9       Huntsville, Alabama                                           Other (CONFLICTING)
9       Ashville, North Carolina               Multiple Civilian      Other (MISINTERPRETATION OF CONVENTIONAL OBJ)
10      Chicago, Illinois                                             UNIDENTIFIED
10      Warrensville Heights, Ohio                                    Satellite
11      Kettering, Ohio                                               Aircraft
11      21.50N 153.00W (Pacific)               Civilian Air           Other (FLARES)
13      Newman, Texas/Carlsbad, New Mexico     Military Air & Ground   Astro (BETELGEUSE)
13      Denver, Colorado                                              Insufficient Data
14      Dayton, Ohio                                                  Astro (VENUS)
15      Dayton, Ohio                                                  Balloon
15                                                                    Satellite

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                               SOURCE                 EVALUATION

Summer  Skokie, Illinois                       Form 164               Newsclipping
May     Sucia, Ohio                            Newsclipping
1       Walsenburg, Colorado                   Newsclipping
2       Summer, New Mexico                     (Ltr)                  Newsclipping
2       Shamokin, Pennsylvania                 Newsclipping
3-5     Mentor, Ohio                           Newsclipping
5       Pretoria, South Africa                 Newsclipping
6       Dublin, Ireland                        Newsclipping
7       Hillsborough, New Jersey               Newsclipping
8       Southern New Mexico                    Newsclipping
9       Mogadore, Ohio                         Newsclipping
11-12   Grangeville, Idaho                     Newsclipping
12      Sussex, England                        Newsclipping
13      Rio Vista, California                  Newsclipping
13      Bedfordshire, England                  Newsclipping
14      Meadowbrook, New Jersey                Newsclipping
15      Geneva, Ohio                           Newsclipping
15      Ashtabula, Ohio                        Newsclipping


- page 77 -

NARRATIVE OF SOCORRO, NEW MEXICO SIGHTING, 24 APRIL 1964

Shortly after 5:30 pm Friday, 24 April 1964 Sgt. Lonnie Zamora of the Socorro Police Department was chasing a speeding auto North on U S 85 in the line of duty. While in pursuit he heard a roar and saw flames in an area where a dynamite shack was known to be located. He abandoned chase of the auto and proceeded to where he thought an explosion had occurred. In order to reach this spot he had to travel a little-used road over several hills and gullies. After two or three efforts to drive his car up a gravelly-covered incline he reached a crest where the object was visible. At this point, 800 ft from the object, what he thought to be a car overturned and standing on its end. There were one or two objects described as coveralls which he assumed to be occupants of the vehicle. He radioed in to police headquarters that he was proceeding to investigate a 10-74 (auto accident), proceeding up the road to a point about 150 ft from the object. When the object was, he stopped the car, got out, and moved toward the object. The object was a girdlelike leg, white (not chrome) and egg shaped or oval. As he approached the object there were some noises and flame and smoke began to come from the object, etc. the vehicle. The noise increased from low pitch to high pitch, was different from that of a jet or halo and not like anything Sgt. Zamora had ever heard. The flame was blue, like a welder's torch, burning, to gray or yellow at the ends. Thinking that the object was going to explode he became frightened. The time was approximately 5:45 (1 1/2 hours before sunset), the sun was to his back, slightly to the west. He turned, ran back to get behind the police car, bumping his leg and losing his glasses on the way. He crouched down, shielding his eyes with his arm while the noise continued for, say, 10 seconds. At this time the noise stopped and in looking back the object had risen about 15-20 ft above the ground and the flame and noise had ceased to come from the object. The object had a sort of marking about 1 ft or maybe 15 inches long with a vertical arrow and horizontal line underneath. The object hovered in this spot for several seconds and then rose off in a SW direction following the terrain. Sgt. Zamora only observed the dynamic shape of the object, not more than 3 ft. He watched the object disappear in the distance over a point on Highway 85 about 6 miles from where he was standing. The object took about 3 minutes to travel that far. Disappearance was by fading in the distance and at no time did he observe the object to rise more than 20 ft off the ground.

While proceeding to the location then the object was assumed to be an auto Sgt Zamora was in radio contact with police headquarters. The State Police use the same network and his call was monitored by Sgt. Chavez of the New Mexico State Police. Sgt. Zamora attempted


- page 78 -

Here is the text from the document:

to direct Sgt Chaves to the location While he was driving toward
the object. Sgt Chaves took the wrong road, and way, in fact
heading in the opposite direction for part of the time and would
not have been in a position to see the object. He arrived at the
point where Sgt Zamora was parked about three minutes after the
object had disappeared. Sgt Zamora was pale and upset at what he
had witnessed. Sgt Chaves was skeptical of the situation and pro-
ceeded to where Zamora had observed the object. Here he found the
marks on the ground and some impressions which he photographed and
burned but no flame or coals were visible. Sgt Chaves broke a
line from the bush and it was told to the touch. The marks were
fresh and no change was made. The angular magnitude of the four
impressions interested in perpendicular and the major distance
seems to be approximately 13 ft. Sgt Chaves secured the area and
contacted local military authorities. This memo is in the in-
vestigation of this sighting.


- page 79 -

Memo, from Capt Quintanilla, 27 April 1964

TO: Colonel de Jonckheere

At 0715, 26 April, when I reported for duty as OD, I was informed by Major Samashine, 25 April OD, that he had received a UFO report via telephone at 2130 EST, 25 April, from the 1005th Special Investigation Group, Washington, D. C. The UFO report had been received by the 1005th from Lt Col King, CID, of Albuquerque, New Mexico. Lt Col King had read about the sighting in the local newspaper and had also been provided information from the FBI. The FBI was informed of the sighting by the New Mexico State Police. The New Mexico State Police arrived at the scene approximately 1728 MST and three minutes after the object took off with a roar and disappeared to the West. The witness claims that he saw the ball shaped object approximately 15 feet long and two white coveralls. When the Army at White Sands heard of the incident, they roped off the area and the FBI in Albuquerque proceeded to the area. They confirmed that "something" had been there and the army took soil samples of 4' x 5" impressions which were found where the alleged vehicle had landed. The impressions appeared to be burned and the surrounding area was clean.

At 0330, 26 April, Col Cole from the Air Force Command Post called me to follow up. Action had been taken. At 0430 26 April, Col Harvie from the Sandia Atomic Energy Center called and wanted additional details, especially names. At 0539 26 April, Col Perkins from the Air Force Command Post called and suggested we get in touch with Capt Holder from White Sands; at 0725 26 April, I placed a call to the OD at Kirkland and asked him to locate Sgt Moody for me. Sgt Moody is presently on TDY at Kirkland on Project Cloud Cap.

At 0945 Sgt Moody called and I asked him to get together with the UFO reporting officer, Sgt Zamora, to get additional details. At 1025 Major Connor, Kirkland UFO reporting officer, and Sgt Moody called and I suggested the manner in which they should conduct the investigation and the people then should contact. Major Connor and Sgt Moody left for White Sands with Sgt Zamora and Lt Col King.

At 2135 received a telephone call from Sgt Moody who was now back at Kirkland. He spoke with Sgt Moody and Sgt Zamora. Mr. Zamora is the Socorro, New Mexico Deputy Marshall. He uses the same radio frequency as the New Mexico State Police and that is the reason the New Mexico State Police arrived at the scene as fast as they did. Major Connor stated the New Mexico State Police were over his radio when he was scared by the vehicle. At his closest observation, he was 103 feet from the object. Major Connor and Sgt Moody measured the area of alleged landing for radiation - no radiation was present. Photos of the area were taken and will be on the way 27 April.


- page 80 -

The image appears to be a nearly blank white document page with some faint markings and hole punches along the left side. However, the text is completely illegible. No readable text can be discerned from this image.


- page 81 -

Sgt Sam Charez of the New Mexico State Police was interviewed by Major Connor and Sgt Moody. He could add little to the investigation except that he arrived at the scene about three minutes after the incident happened and that Mr Zamora was scared.

Major Connor's formal report will be on the way on 27 April. He will include copies of Lt Col King's report, the FBI report, and possibly the soil analysis report if he receives it in time, otherwise it will come later.

At the present time we don't know what it was, but Major Connor and Sgt Moody are still checking. They'll check out the Helicopter activity today.

When Sgt Moody called, he was getting ready to accompany Lt Col King on another investigation. Everybody wants to get into the act.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr.
Captain, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch


- page 82 -

Summary of UFO Raport received by phone on 25 April 1964:

Caller: Captain Theodore W. Cuny, 1005th Special Investigation Group, Wash.
Called at 21 30 EST, 25 April

Call received by OD (Maj K S Samashima)

UFO data was received by Capt Cuny from a Lt Col King, Counter Intelligence Division, Albuquerque, New Mexico, who in turn read about it in the local newspaper and also was provided data by the FBI.

The alleged UFO sighting took place at about 1800 MST on 24 April. The object allegedly was witnessed in a rural area on the Stallion Range Center, Socorro, New Mexico.

The alleged witness was a reputable local police officer by the name of Lonnie Damora. Damora was chasing a speeding motorist when he saw the object from the road at a distance of about 200 feet. He claims to have seen two men in white overalls get into the silver colored foot-ball shaped object about 15 feet long. The vehicle allegedly took off with a roar, rose to an altitude of 20 feet and disappeared rapidly to the west.

Upon being informed of this, the Army (a Captain R T Holder of White Sands) roped off the area. Also the FBI at Albuquerque proceeded to the area, and allegedly confirmed that "something" had been there. They reportedly found 1"x5" impressions in the ground somewhat like stand legs; the impressions appeared burned--none of the other area appeared to be burned. The newspaper stated that the Army took soil samples.

The above is all Capt Cuny could report.
It is suggested that Lt Col King, Albuquerque 268-2107 be contacted for proper questioning of Lonnie Damora.

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page]
[Partially illegible additional notes about follow-up actions and communications]


- page 83 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TDEW/UFO                                                                  14 May 1964
UFO Sighting Socorro, New Mexico

Test Support Officer (Col. K. Young)
Test Hqs, Project Cloud Dep.
NAS, Los Alamitos, California

1.a. The Pictorial Branch of the Secretary of the Air Force Information Office has been overwhelmed by queries regarding an Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) which was sighted on 24 April 1964 in the Socorro, New Mexico area. People have been asking the President, their Congressman, and the Secretary of the Air Force for an explanation of this sighting.

2.a. The object which was observed in Socorro, New Mexico exhibited the characteristics of a vehicle, or helicopter, or a vehicle which has the characteristics of a UFO. In this respect, you (or some of your people) might be able to help us find the answer to this riddle. Any information which you might be able to supply will be appreciated. Colonel Moss from ATC-PD-PA has informed us that Project Cloud Dep. might have had some activity in the Socorro Area on 24 April 1964. The activity could have been planned, announced, or unannounced. A vehicle which strayed from its flight plan. Our interest lies in finding an explanation for the sighting and not what might have been done.

It is most urgent that we receive reply as soon as possible. If you have any positive or negative information.

FOR THE COMMANDER

HECTOR QUINTANILLA JR
Captain, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch                                             1 Atch
                                                                           Matters of Socorro Sighting


- page 84 -

M/R: On 18 May 1964 Tsgt Moody called Mr Opal Grinder at 835-9916 in Socorro New Mexico regarding the article appearing in the Socorro Ellenauer & Chieftan concerning an additional witness to the Zamora sighting.

Mr Grinder manages the Whiting Brothers Service Station. He could give no information other than that appearing in the newspaper article.

He did not remember the type of car or license. He assumed that the occupant was going or returning from vacation, due to luggage and clothing in the car. The car was a single occupant.

He stated that the witness said the object came from the East over the highway and had remarked about the low altitude and odd appearance of the craft.

He will be on the look out in case the witness returns to Socorro.


- page 85 -

M/R: Capt Quintanilla contacted the FTD liaison office at Holloman AFB regarding the Socorro sighting and requested that he, Maj Mitchell, make direct inquiry as to a possible vehicle which may have caused the sighting.

During the latter part of May Lt Col Conkey visited W-P AFB, and at this time informed Capt Quintanilla that he had no knowledge of a vehicle at White Sands capable of causing the sighting as described by Lonnie Zamora.


- page 86 -

Here is the text from the document:

TDSW/Capt R Quintanilla/69216

Request for Identification of Markings

FAA Control System-Division
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma

21 May 64

Dear Sirs,

The attached marking has been observed and reported to the USAF in connection with an unidentified flying object sighting in Socorro, New Mexico. The Air Force is investigating the case and identification of this marking would assist in determining the cause of the sighting. The marks were estimated to be about one foot to eighteen inches in height, colored red. Any assistance which you may offer will be greatly appreciated. The attached TWX indicates the high level of interest in this sighting.

FOR THE COMMANDER

Eric W. de Jonckcheere
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

1 Atch
1. Marking

Excerpt from letter J Douglas Stewart

"With reference to the marking of U.S. A/C, the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 14, Para 1-19, has some very specific things to say about how our A/C must be marked, experimental and otherwise. Also, a x civilian firm must apply for an Experimental Certificate on Form ACA-305 (Para. 1.74-1) ............
and 3-D drawing of the A/C.
As I'm sure you know ............
............m FAA's Control Systems
Division in Oklahoma City."


- page 87 -

Here is the text from the document:

FS-970
FEDERAL AVIATION AGENCY
5300 South Portland
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73119
Official Business

FTD
TDE gw

POSTAGE AND FEES PAID

US
MAIL


- page 88 -

FEDERAL AVIATION AGENCY
6300 South Portland Avenue
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73119

JUN 2 1964

IN REPLY
REFER TO: FS-970

AIR MAIL

Eric T. de Jonckhcere
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems
Air Force Systems Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Dear Sir:

In reply to your inquiry of May 27, 1964, we are unable to furnish any information as to the type markings you submitted for our examination.

United States registration markings for civil aircraft are preceded by the alpha "N" followed by one-to-five digits, one-to-four digits followed by one letter, or one-to-three digits followed by two letters, displayed in twelve-inch characters. We have no knowledge of any particular country using symbols as reference to their registration.

If we may be of further assistance, please let us know.

Sincerely yours,

Roy H. Moody, Manager
Control Systems
Data Establishment


- page 89 -

PROJECT CLOUD GAP
TEST HEADQUARTERS
U.S. NAVAL AIR STATION
Los Alamos, California

IN REPLY REFER TO:
CG-12/ojk
20 May 1964

Captain Hector Quintanilla Jr.
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Headquarters Foreign Technology Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Dear Captain Quintanilla,

Reference is made to my phone call this morning. I have talked to Major Casper who was the Cloud Gap Field Operations Officer at Albuquerque, based at Kirtland AFB, during the time this incident took place. Cloud Gap operations were conducted in an area about a hundred miles north of Socorro, New Mexico. Cloud Gap personnel did not have any equipment nor special clothing which could possibly be related to the description provided by police officer Lonnie Zamora.

Since certain aerial surveillance flights were being conducted by Navy aircraft, RA 5C's, in the area in question, a check on such flights revealed none were flown on 24 April 1964 in connection with Cloud Gap.

We have no information on this sighting other than that provided by your SCN HOODY who was participant on our project and that picked up from the newspapers.

I have enclosed an article found in the Los Angeles Time of 20 May which may be of interest to you.

Sincerely,

[Signature]
Kenneth A. Young
Colonel, USAF


- page 90 -

46 OFFICIAL CASES, 25 Apr - 17 May 64. 5 CASES of sightings in 1963 or early 1964 reported subsequent to Socorro Sightings

25 Apr     Socorro           Unidentified Observer   Rotating Navigation Beacon
26 Apr     Laledero          Gallegos                Fire in Camp
27 Apr     Albuquerque       Adams                   Boax
29 Apr     Albuquerque       Sharon Stull            Dr Report, Conjunctivitis caused by dust wind, etc.

(Also reports of UFOB, Venus and night photo missions accounted for 10-15 other reports answered by-phone at local level, Sgt Moody and Major Conner's, and no formal reports turned in)

OTHER REPORTS

25-26 Apr  Wise City, Montana   Websters, Wise (Reported 26 Apr)   Insufficient Data
25-26 Apr  Phoenix, Arizona (w/photos)                             A/C (Photo Mission)
28 Apr     Miamisburg, Ohio                                        Venus
28 Apr     Akron, South Bend (w/photo)                             A/C
28-29 Apr  San Jose, Calif                                         Balloon
29 Apr     Pacific                                                 Satellite
30 Apr     San Jose, Calif                                         Venus

Early May  Ashville, North Carolina (Multiple)                     Other (Misinterpretation of Conventional Objects)

1 May      Melville, Mo                                            Balloon
1 May      St George, Utah (Film/no object)                        Prob Satellite
1 May      Pacific                                                 Venus
1 May      North Carver, Mass                                      1. Venus 2. Balloon
1 May      Cannon AFB, New Mexico                                  Venus
1 May      Boise, Idaho                                            Flares
1 May      Middletown, Ohio                                        Venus
1 May      Outlook, Montana                                        Boax
6 May      Yellow Springs, Ohio (Fire Dept)                        Nat or Conventional
6 May      Seymour, Oregon                                         A/C
6 May      Pacific                                                 Satellite
8 May      Ft Collins, Colorado                                    UFOB I
8 May      Chicago, Ill                                            Venus
10 May     Warrenville Heights, Ohio                               UFOB I
11 May     Havaii                                                  Flares
11 May     Kettering, Ohio                                         A/C
13 May     Denver, Colorado                                        (Pending)
13 May     Carisbad, New Mexico                                    Astro (Star/Flaunt)
14 May     Dayton, Ohio                                            Venus
15 May     Dayton, Ohio                                            UFOB
15 May     Dayton, Ohio                                            Balloon
16 May     Dayton, Ohio                                            A/C
16 May     Dayton, Ohio                                            Insuft/Data
17 May     Canton - Akron, Ohio                                    A/C
17 May     Wilmington, Ohio                                        Insuft Data


- page 91 -

The text on this page is mostly illegible. The only clearly visible text is "5-EU" in the top right corner of the document. The rest of the page appears to be a very faint or poorly scanned document with some horizontal lines and page border markings, but no readable text.


- page 92 -

THE FOLLOWING SIGHTINGS WERE REPORTED TO THE AIR FORCE AND MIGHT BE ATTRIBUTED TO THE SOCORRO, NEW MEXICO SIGHTING:

1. 26 Apr 64, Grants, New Mexico sighting of a large white light shining down and illuminating the terrain and also criss crossing US Route 66 was caused by an a/c on a low level. Photo Reconnaissance Mission or Project Cloud Cap. Incidentally, the photos which the observer claims he took with the camera did not come out.

2. 28 Apr 64, Santa Cruz Mountain Range sighting has been evaluated as a balloon and a sighting by the same observers, but at a later time, has been evaluated as the Planet Venus.

3. 28 Apr 64, Elizabethburg, Ohio sighting has been evaluated as a searchlight.

4. 1 May 64, St. Louis, Mo sighting has been evaluated as the Planet Venus.

5. 1 May 64, St. George, Utah sighting has been evaluated as a balloon.

6. 2 May 64, North Carver, Massachusetts has been evaluated as the Planet Venus.

7. 4 May 64, Clovis, New Mexico multiple sighting has been evaluated as a balloon.

8. 5 May 64, Boise, Idaho sighting has been evaluated as a flare.

9. 5 May 64, Middletown, Ohio sighting has been evaluated as the Planet Venus.

10. 6 May 64, Glasgow, Montana sighting has been evaluated as possibly existent. We can't say for sure that it is Venus because they failed to validate how they observed the object.

11. 6 May 64, Savannah, Georgia sighting has been evaluated as a balloon.

Venus 1,2 Negative 10.


- page 93 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

SOCORRO, NEW MEXICO    24 Apr 64

K243,6012-1
24 Apr 1964

RETURN TO:
Director
Aersp... Studies Inst
ATTN: ... Ranch
Maxwell AFB, Alabama

7-3745-1
1CC3648


- page 94 -

Here is the text from the document:

SOCORRO, NEW MEXICO    24 Apr 64

K248 6012-1
24 APR 1964

RETURN TO:
Director of Studies Inst
Aerospace Studies Inst
ATTN:
Maxwell AFB, Alabama

7-3945-190
1003648


- page 95 -

29 April 1965

Dr. Donald Menzel
Mrs. Lyle Boyd
Harvard College Observatory
Cambridge 38, Massachusetts

Dear Don and Lyle:

At long last I am prepared to make a reply to your letter of February 19.

I am also enclosing a piece of the identical type of cardboard originally picked up by me at the landing site... The only difference between this cardboard and the one that I picked up and turned into the Air Force is that the original piece had charred edges which may or may not have had any connection with the alleged landing. But that it was charred I will attest. I have kept this cardboard as a souvenir of the bush - in the bush.

As you know the winds there can get very high in the windy season, and you not only see tumbleweeds batting across the country, but papers, old tin cans, packing crates, etc. blowing nearly half a mile. I can get wedged in under the bushes and stay there to weather sometimes for a year or more, I would judge. This cardboard, as you can see, has plainly been weathered quite some time and is partly the kind that would have been used to fire a model of a spaceship.

I should mention that I discussed this whole matter with Major Quintanilla and I'm in as good a shape as I can be.

In my visit to Socorro, I determined that Zamora had been urged, perhaps, to go to get into the movie and with his himself had been reckless. So be it. The movie is due to have its world premiere in Socorro, and I am hoping to get down to see it!

I don't think we can say too much about the flame which could be pretty subjective. A swirl of dust, etc., might from the distance have been interpreted as a flame. "As a matter of fact, I couldn't get anyone to say at this time that they had seen smoke or that anything was burning." Chavez insisted only on the fact that a grasewood bush appeared to be charred in spots or rather seemed that the burning was highly localized. Grasewood is notoriously hard to ignite, and a match or ordinary flame held to it is hardly affects it. Chavez said that the burns appeared as though intense but localized flames had seared the grass and the bushes, but remarked that right next to a seared portion he found portions quite untouched. Again, I don't know how much credence can be placed on all the burning bush, etc. I think we must go to other major points.


- page 96 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

The hoax hypothesis is, of course, one that suggests itself immediately. It is Quintanilla's and my opinion that Chaves and FBI agent Byrnes must have been in on the hoax if we adopt the hoax hypothesis. They testified that there were no trades in the immediate neighborhood so that the homesters must themselves have arrived and left by balloon!

Had it been a hoax, certainly some paraphernalia should have been left around if the pranksters had a hasty retreat. These gentlemen said that nothing of that short was found.

The wind was blowing strongly from the south, yet the object was reported to have gone on directly west. This would hardly fit a balloon, unless, of course, the directions are wrong. I questioned and requestionned the people on this point and couldn't them from that.

Franksters could have hidden behind the knoll directly to the south, particularly had they lain prone. The dynamite shack is too small and too far away to have risked hiding behind it.

Opal Grinder does have a high-school student working for him, and I talked with him at length. Teenagers generally hate Zamora's guts, but it was added that they hate all "fuzz" and that if they wanted to get even with Zamora, they would simply beat him up or do something more direct. Like letting the air out of his tires or something with immediate results, rather than react to an involved hoax. Opal Grinder, of course, would have to be in on the hoax, also. He again told me the story of the tourist who said that he had sighted a strange object crossing directly in front of him on the road and landing in the gully, and toward which an instant or so later, he saw a police car going. I checked out the time on that, and it fits. Opal Grinder's wife was jogging to get to the bank before it closed at six (apparently she takes the week's loot to the bank on Friday's just before they close). The sighting as you know, was supposedly at 5:45 p.m.

Some of the high school students do have willies-tallies, but the hoax hypothesis does involve Chaves, Opal Grinder, and FBI agent Byrnes, but the reported tourist would have to be mythical.

Zamora more exactly where the dynamite shack was, because this is precisely why he left the road when he heard the noise. He thought there had been an explosion in the dynamite shack.

The dynamite shack does not stand on legs as I have inspected it closely and have taken photographs. The shack and the reported UFO must be considered distinct.

Furthermore, I doubt very much whether a hoax could have been kept secret this long. If a hoax comes off well, perpetrators like to gloat about it, and there would have been no point about getting even with Zamora if they couldn't have gotten some kudos out of it. I was once told of an instance in which some college students wanted to get even with a geology professor so they planted a "meteorite" and contrived an explosion at some distant part of the state, and had this poor professor running around ragged chasing a meteorite. The perpetrators, however, were caught and expelled from school because they simply couldn't keep their secret. They "confided" to friends who in turn confided to others, and there you are.


- page 97 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

But waiving all that aside, the things that would seem to militate against a hoax are the fact that no tracks coming to or going from the region were found, minutes after the sighting occurred; paraphernalia was not located, again within minutes; Chaves and the FBI agent would have to have been in no other way and finally, the object took off crosswind.

Paraphernalia I refer to would have been ropes, launching equipment, gas tanks, etc. which would have been difficult to dispose of in a few minutes and certainly without making any tracks. You say "those while the thing could have easily been planned to come off as it did." I think otherwise.

It would have been quite difficult to have a thing like this come off; even so to the origin; timing. Zamora did not have a regular patrol route so his approximate whereabouts would not be known at a given time. I questioned Chaves on this, and Zamora patrolled the whole town in an unscheduled fashion. By the way, there is no local UFO club. The fate UFO would have had to have been rather missile since it looked to Zamora like an overturned car, upended, first off from a considerable distance.

You suggest that when Zamora's car crested the hill, the hazards triggered another blast of flame and raised the UFO, and run like hell. "The terrain is such that when a car started the hill, it suddenly came upon the site." There simply would not have been time to wait until this happened to release the UFO and then hide. Unless there were elaborate ropes to release the UFO and hide, his actions, as Zamora along, were his glasses, his eyesight is good, and you must remember that he did not lose the glasses until after he saw the flame and thought the object was about to explode.

Your suggestion that we reward the event is more difficult than you think. "I have not yet discovered how to make a balloon or a car wind or to wait to release it and cause an explosion until someone was just one hundred feet away from me, and then disappear and hide 'instantaneously'." The purported balloon release had been by some mechanism of some parts of it would have been left behind as tell-tale evidence.

Zamora is having his troubles, the boys in high spots are rather disturbed. Zamora's trouble's a strange specter, and the kid's first heck at Zamora; they are not giving an inch. "How's your flying answer might come down on you any minute?" Yet, may say that this strengthens the hoax hypothesis, but on the other hand it is a perfectly natural remark for his reaction to a mild ribbing up. I didn't find him having been under long association with Zamora has he seen his in anything at all approaching the state he was in when Chaves joined him. I honestly don't think a small gas-filled balloon carrying a cardboard spacecraft, practical type like Zamora who is used to accidents, bloodshed, fights, and even murders. We all seem to agree that Zamora may sometime that really and truly frightened him.

I construe also to the prudent fact that Zamora was a thoroughly scared person.


- page 98 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

It seems much more likely to me that he saw a strange test craft which is super secret. The flaw in this reasoning are that if it is so super secret why would anyone be landing a half mile south of a town. Why, also, have we been unable to unearth from various agencies any classified clues as to such goings-on?

The year 1964 had fifteen other unidentified cases besides Zamora's. I investigated two others, one a very interesting incident which occurred to two graduate students in anthropology at the University of Wisconsin along with their mother-in-law and their kid sister. They were "fuzzed" by some strange craft after calling with their mother in Iowa, I came away still puzzled. A radio announcer in Toledo, Ohio, who when leaving the station at night, saw a similar array of lights hover in a wheat field by the side of the road is now willing.

There is no question that a mighty folklore is being built up in this whole field. Someday, it might be worthwhile to document all the far the benefit of historians who will look back on this era. I believe I have found one generalization which, being a generalization, is subject to all the ills of generalization; but to this as far as I may: the people who believe in flying saucers are generally skeptical of these people who report them. This is Hynek's axiom No. 1 and is as full of holes as Swiss cheese, but it has struck me more than that the "believers" are so thoroughly wishful in their thinking that they generally experience to bolster their faith. Any newspaper clipping or any rumor is all the truth they need. They have their fine clothey and their meetings as they get it. They will, of course, write claiming "An Eyewitness Calling" (such other).

On the other hand, the real reports of UFO's that I have come across are from people who have had close contact with UFO material, presumably, remain skeptical even though they have had an experience that they can't understand, and are generally quite reticent about saying anything about it in the first place. Frequently they are excited, and told, and in talking to them, one gathers that they wish the whole thing hadn't happened to them. Time and again, they will write to ask that I please tell them that they simply will write "I don't ever want to see anything like that again." They do not join UFO clubs, generally speaking, and do not care to talk about the experience. When they do talk, the mistaken talking about it; giving them ridicule is their reward; but although it, they generally feel that something has happened to them that even jobs and positions have been lost by their having reported their experiences in the first place.

It is reports such as these that constitute the phenomenon to which I feel more attention should be paid. It is easy to dismiss the causes of blurry, hallucination, mass hysteria, but when one gets a case or better than average intelligence, and above all, sincere citizens reporting something puzzling, I think we have some sort of social obligation to do as good a job on it as we can. I don't like a mystery any more than you do and these weird of "unidentified" are than a year I regard as rather a blot on the escutcheon. Somehow, as scientists, we should be able to (if we are given the opportunity) come up with answers that would stand up in court, but I am still somewhat of a voice crying in the wilderness in this respect. The Air Force is not primarily a scientific organization, and its concern in these

[Page number 167 is noted at the bottom right of the document]


- page 99 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 3

matters is to determine whether UFO reports contain any hostile elements. 
If they do not, it is not in the Air Force charter, so to speak, to conduct lengthy investigations as to the nature of the stimulus that gave rise 
to the report.

Of course, I have come to regard all this as rather a lively there is such a 
delicious variety of reports and of the people making them. As long as it 
does not take too much time, I enjoy talking to people who have made the 
reports and, of course, waste no time on them as soon as I discover they are 
off the beam. But take these two graduate students in anthropology at the 
University of Wisconsin; they live in a typical sort of house that young 
married graduate students live in, with some avant-garde paintings and a 
scattering of New Yorker and the ubiquitous hi-fi set. They are people 
that you and I know and understand most of our lives. I honestly would 
like to be able to give their case the time I think it deserves. This would 
mean not only re-enacting the crisis with them and visiting the locale of the 
sighting and other elements, but meteorological conditions, but it might 
involve house-to-house canvas of people in the area. You made mention in 
your letter that had the sighting been related to a bank robbery or murder 
some more obvious clues might have been better followed. I heartily agree. 
If a good UFO case were related to a counterfeiting or narcotics ring, I think 
of the funds the government would spend in tracking down every possible clue. 
But I suggest that it would be hard to justify the expenditure of taxpayers' 
money just to satisfy your and my curiosity. Some of the cases that we 
have classed as "ball lightning" should certainly have been followed up more 
closely. I think, because as in the Look Haven Case, ball lightning 
that is, a small kind in disaster and less easy to explain, might lead to the 
solution of the magnetic bottle problem? Is it really possible for ball 
lightning to be so persistent to last so long? Naturally, the first thing 
to do would be to get a really good scientific investigation. I really did 
last thing want to suggest that we didn't do a thorough job - whether it really 
was a good job or not - whether it really did last long. This could be a 
full time job.

Valle's book will be published June 15. I have acceded to his request 
somewhat reluctantly to be quoted on the dust jacket to the effect that his 
suggestions that UFO's be given scientific attention should be given serious consideration. This is, of course, what I have been saying 
all along because a mystery makes me uncomfortable, and I don't like to have 
these unsettled things hanging around, particularly when they are exploited 
on by the militarists, etc. I would really like to see a really good report 
made by several witnesses of good intelligence investigated to the bottom and 
then to have a paper written on the case, such in the manner of Mr. De Vald 
write up a case study of an extra large coffee or a rare tropical disease. 
I would like to see them written up as "The Case of the Lighted Bridge" or 
"The Case of the Toledo Lights" or "The Case of the Barfica Anthropologists." 
Valle's book, incidentally, is entitled Anatomy of a Phenomenon and makes 
for good reading.

Coming back to the Socorro case: I'm sorry that I couldn't have been of 
any more help. Both Quintanilla and I find it impossible to dismiss it as 
a hoax unless we have some evidence that there was a hoax. I feel that if 
it was a hoax, this first must be known or later. If we keep in touch 
with some citizens of Socorro over a considerable length of time. Perhaps 
this is our best means of attacking this particular problem. I do to visit

[Page number 160 appears at bottom right]


- page 100 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

there at least once a year (on my way to Las Cruces) just to see if anything has turned up. Sometimes confessions come years afterward.

In the meantime, I am looking forward to seeing both of you in Cambridge this summer. As you may know, we have rented a house at 57 Avon Hill Street. I hope very much that we can spend some pleasant evenings, the three of us, arguing cases.

All is well here. The 24-inch in New Mexico gets delivered in about a month, and construction has started on the 40-inch for the observatory here.

Sorry to have been so late in answering your letter, but here it is anyway.

Sincerely yours,
J. Allen Hynek
Director

JAR:lef


- page 101 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
24 April 1964

2. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1745

3. GMT
25/0045Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No Yes Physical Spec

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
less than 10 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
Stationary, SW or West

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Sighting of landing by Lonnie Zamora.
SEE CASE FILE.

11. COMMENTS
Initially believed to be observation of Lunar module type configuration. Effort to date cannot place vehicle at site. Case carried as UNIDENTIFIED pending additional data.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon

Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft

Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical

Other. UNIDENTIFIED
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown


- page 103 -

"Scientists Indicates Why UFO's Choose Areas for Landing." One Chap.

Thomas of Los Angeles, "a former government scientist," is supposed to be the scientific advisor to Empire Film Studios. His theories as to why UFO's land in New Mexico lack, shall we say, a scientific solidity in my opinion as he is not listed in the American Men of Science, and I have no knowledge of him personally. There was some question as to whether he should be asked to come to Socorro to give a public lecture on the general subject. Unfortunately my advice was asked, and I strongly urged that they not do so unless they find out considerably more about the gentleman's qualifications first. His principal reason for selecting Socorro seems to be the following: "The main one can be directly attributable to the subsurface geology. I would expect there is a multiplicity of faults, or -------areas where in sedimentary strata have been tilted to the vertical with the interlayer demarcations being plains largely in the North-South direction. The effect such subsurface deceptions have upon the energy distributions between the earth's core and the Van Allen radiation belt gives us the key to the answer." He also states that he has stumbled onto many answers to of heretofore unanswerable riddles: What is gravity; Why do planets orbit and rotate; Why do stars burn in nuclear fires; Is the speed of light really a velocity boundary; Can a ship be built which would do everything people who claim they have seen flying saucers say that those vehicles do?" I hardly need say more.

The same issue, however, contains a story of about "UFO Sighted Streaking Over City." "The observer, a Socorro woman who asked that her name be withheld (I have her name, however, a Mrs. Williams,) said the "perfectly round object" with deep yellow or gold light traveled at tremendous speed. She saw the object as it came over Socorro Mountain, and it passed southeast over the city, it did not seem far above the street light. I was unable to get in touch with this woman, but according to Ruppelt, this did not have a trail. It seemed to be just a light.


- page 105 -

Here is the text from the document:

Would you be kind enough to send about ten blank forms to Mr. Ted Raynor, Editor, Socorro El Defensor Chieftan, Socorro, New Mexico, and he can send one of these forms to Mrs. Williams to fill out. The results will be, probably, a meteor. I tried to get in touch with her the next day, but she seemed to be at some sewing circle.

March 9 Issue has a story "Film Studios Praise Cooperation Here in Film on UFO's." The letter received from Mr. Michael Mistrot, a letter sent to Mayor Holm O. Burson, stated, "Phenomena 7.7 is now completed. It will be viewed by boundless millions of people throughout the world. It will open the door to facts heretofore shrouded in secrecy. It will prepare the entire human race for a better knowledge of the universe and possible neighbors who may have been observing our earth for centuries."

Finally, the March 11, Thursday, issue has a short article on "Zamora Saw a UFO, Not Flying Saucer." This was in response to a request by Zamora to please say in the paper that he never saw a flying saucer land, only a UFO. In part the article states, "Zamora says he was trying to cooperate with persons who asked him about the UFO, which he described as egg-shaped, and he wishes that they would not ask him about a flying saucer which he says he has never seen and cannot describe." The policeman says that the account here stands unchanged from that he gave on April 24 and the following day.

I left for Albuquerque about 2:30 P. M., arriving at the Institute of Metapsetics, where Dr. Lincoln La Paz was waiting for me, at 4:00 P. M.

Inseet A: Raynor showed me a letter from Rev. Guy J. Cyr S. M. (Society of Mary) Sacred Heart Rectory, Lawrence, Mass. dated November 26, 1954. It is a long letter concerned with intelligence on other planets and trying to make out a case for civilization on the moon. The letter was rightfully not published.


- page 106 -

Return to preceding paragraph before Insert A

I gave laPaz a copy of Vallee's book and also the Menzel letter which he took home and by the next morning had read completely the manuscript and the letter. laPaz is still very concerned about the green fireball incident.

Another one was sighted this last Christmas last night. According to laPaz, the official investigation never satisfactorily cleared up the question of why these peculiar uranium green fireballs should have chosen New Mexico to fly over and avoid being seen in other states and why they were so peculiarly grouped. laPaz is thoroughly convinced that both the green fireballs and Zamora's sighting were observations of tests of advanced vehicles being produced by some project, even more secret than the Manhattan Project.

I am afraid that laPaz is unshakable from this hypothesis. His primary criticism of Vallee's book was that Vallee has ignored the green fireballs which, as far as laPaz is concerned, represent the most important part of the UFM phenomenon. It is always just a matter of viewpoint!

laPaz showed me his excellent meteorite collection and spent much time in general conversation.

He was engaged for the evening, and we met again early the next morning during which time we took the opportunity of meeting with the President of the University of New Mexico, Dr. Popejoy, and established good relations between astronomy at Northwestern and astronomy at New Mexico.


- page 107 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

8

have it analyzed and found it radioactive! I have also obtained some of
the sap which I shall send to you and maybe Moody can try it out on his
super-duper counter. It is odd that no one seemed to have bothered to
have checked this area originally for radiation. Or did they?

Menzel's idea that the speeded was a deliberate decoy, who signaled to
the hoaxes by walkie-talkie who then released a balloon with a cardboard
or aluminum flying saucer attached thereto simply does not hold water.
Although some of the students do have walkie-talkies, the fact of the
matter is that the wind was from the south and the object went west.
A balloon released at that time would have gone directly over town.

Furthermore, they would have had to release after Zamora got there and
watched the object on the ground for a short time. A previous release
would simply have had it well over town by the time Zamora got to the
spot.

The dynamite shack does not have legs.
There
would have been a place for hoaxes to have hidden over on the other
side of the knoll, particularly had they lain prone.

None of the people I talked with gave any credence to the hoax hypothesis,
generally considering it to have been far above the capabilities and, motiva-
tions, and provocation of the hoaxers. Chaves says that Zamora never described
the thing as looking like a balloon. Zamora knows exactly where the dynamite
shack is. It is plainly visible from the site of the sighting, but about
500 feet to the west.

Zamora does not have any particular schedule for patrolling the town. He h
the run of the whole town.

There is no UFO Club in town.

No paraphernalia of the hoax were ever found. It would be rather hard
to have done away with all tell-tale evidence, such as tubes of helium, release


- page 110 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

9

mechanism, etc. Finally, it was LaPaz's feeling that had it been a hoax, it surely would have leaked by now. He told me of an elaborate hoax that was played on one of the geologists at Ohio State University when he taught there. The students had it in for this guy and contrived an explosion in and the crater which it produced af nearby townxddxh was reported then as a meteorite crater. It had everybody excited for a while and would have succeeded except who got away with it were so pleasedwith themselves that they began to brag a bit and got caught. I do not believe that the Socorro high school students could have kept a secret this long. Furthermore, it would seem that any youngsters that hated Zamora sufficiently to have gone to all this trouble to perpetrate a hoax would now be very envious of the glory he is getting in a movie and all the publicity he has received and would certainly burst his bubble right now. Finally, there is the matter of the tourist who reported a strange object to Oelgrinder. This could not very well have been part of the hoax since the tourist was a complete stranger just passing through. Furthermore, if Zamora is to believed at all, the object rose vertically and took off horizontally to the west and was observed as it passed well over the dynamite shack and disappeeared over the pearlite mill. This is entirely too big a hoax for high school students to perpetrate.

Perhaps I spent too much time on this matter, but the letter was a very convenient device for re-discussing the whole situation. Sgt. Chaves indicated that Menzel should have been a science fiction writer. Actually Lyle Boyd has done some of this, and I believe also Menzel has.

I left Albuquerque in the late morning on Saturday and arrived in Socorro about 1:00 P. M. Raynor, Shrode, and I visited the site and took some more samples, particularly of the sap, and I took a few more pictures, particularly of the dynamite shack to show Menzel. Then I went back to the radio station


- page 111 -

Here is the text from the document:

10

and tried to call the Empire Film Studio, but it was closed.

In view of the fact that the prevailing opinion in the town still is that Zamore saw not the result of hallucinations or of a hoax, but a secret test vehicle, what has become of my suggestion to have this left as "an exercise for the students"? It would be a marvelous exercise for neophyte intelligence officers.

There is also the opinion expressed in Socorro, and expressed to me a number of times in the past, by several people (and also by IaPaz) that I am merely a part of a super-smoke screen and so is ETD and Wright Field, and that the whole Project Bluebook is a grand coverup for something the government does not want discussed. Best way to give a lie to this, of course, is to point out that if this were the case, the U. S. government should also have been responsible for the sightings in France, Brazil, Spain, and in England. Maybe the U. S. government has really gone global!

On that happy thought I conclude my report.

Sincerely yours,
J. Allen Hynek

P. S. I now have a slightly infected/finger from the thorns on the bush that was originally charred. The bush drew blood when I attempted to get some sail samples. Undoubtedly, the finger will now wither away from radiation burns. Unfortunately, I do not have interplanetary Blue Cross coverage!


- page 112 -

Tab A         Lt Holder Report
Tab B         TSgt Moody Report
Tab C         Dr Hynek Report
Tab D         Lab Analysis (ASD)
Tab E         Photos
Tab F         News Clippings
Tab G         Associated (Resulting from Initial Report)


- page 113 -

Tab A
TWX and Messages
1. TWX regarding Capt Quintanilla's visit to Socorro dtd 30 Jun
2. TWX from SAFOI dtd 13 May
3. Summary
4. Letter to SAFOI dtd 28 May
5. Memo from Capt Quintanilla to Col de Jonckheere, dtd 27 Apr
6. Initial report received at FTD

Tab B
Investigative Data
1. 14 May letter to Cloud Gap
2. Opal Grinder
3. Maj Mitchell
4. Ltr to FAA, 27 May
5. Miscellaneous Data

Tab C
Lunar Module Information
1. Basic List
2. Douglas A/C, dtd 20 May 64
3. Hughes A/C, dtd 20 May & 26 May 64
4. Cleveland Pneumatics, dtd 20 May 64
5. Cocayear, DTD 19 May 64
6. Menasco, dtd 20 May 64
7. Unanswered letters (seven)

Tab D
Miscellaneous Notes


- page 114 -

24 April 1964

Speeding
Car

Wheels skidded.
Made three attempts
to climb hill.

First sighting of object.
Stopped car for a couple of
seconds. Thought object car
turned upside down. Saw two
things described as coveralls
and object had two legs like
Riddle in to police head-
quarters that he was proceeding
to investigate a car wreck (10-74).

Witness heard sound like explosion.
Thought dynamite shack has blown up.
Abandoned chase of speeding car to
investigate.

"A" 17:45. Witness started chasing a
black speeding car about three blocks
ahead.

Direction of dynamite
shack and six-mile
canyon (departure of
object)

Hill

Object
Depression
Car

Hill

Witness ducked down.
Object had risen to
about 20-25' was now
level with car. Roar
stopped, object moving
away to SW following
contour of gully.
Cleared dynamite shack
by about 3' and faded
in distance in direction
of six-mile canyon.

At "E"
Witness radiced in that he was leaving
car to investigate. Still thought
object was car upside down. Then saw
insignia, heard roar, and thought thing
was going to explode. Blue flame with
orange tip appeared from object. Became
frightened and ran to point "P" where
noise stopped. Object in position
at "E".

Insignia about 2' large 2½ ft high.
Total object 12-15 ft long.
Insignia was RED.


- page 115 -

Socorro incident
24 april 1964

[Diagram with various annotations about object movement, hills, and distances]

Seeing the object, witness stopped couple of seconds, though car turned upside down. Saw apparently two peoples (small adults or large kids)in white coveralls. They jumped. Witness saw 2 legs like [symbol]

On rough gravel road: sound changed from high frequency to low, then stopped.

Witness heard a roar, saw flame in sky at SW about 3/4 mile. Thought of dynamite shack, decided to give up chase. Narrow flame was bluish and sort of orange too. Funnel type, narrower at top like [symbol]

17:45, witness started chasing black Chevrolet speeding 3 blocks ahead.

IN F:
witness radioed, got out of car, still thought object was car upside down. Then saw insigna, heard roar, flame blue, orange at the end appeared from object. Before, witness thinks he heard two thumps like somebody closing a door. Afraid object was going to expld., ran away to North (G).

Saw object like: [symbol]

with insigna:
2 ft large,
2½ high. Total object would be about 12-15 feet long.

Direction G: dynamite smack on 6-mile open (departure of object)


- page 116 -

First High
from Approximately 15 Ft
Looking Down


- page 117 -

Text on the document:

SKETCH OF US JECT
FROM MY POSITION
AT APPROXIMATELY 103 FT.

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO or flying object, drawn as an oval/elliptical shape with a circular section in the center and two lines extending from the bottom, resembling landing gear or supports.


- page 118 -

Distant Object

First Sighting of Flame Approx 3/4 Mile
First Sighting of Object with People(2)
By Object .15 Miles

2nd Sighting of Object 10.3 ft.
Where: "Insignia" Observed

"Object" Started to Depart or
Lift Off Surface

3rd Sighting of Object Approx. 200 ft.
Where: Object Left Surface

Object Departed


- page 119 -

Here is the text from the document:

- IN SOFT SAND

Note: 1 SET OF
PRINTS IN AREA
OF # 4 INDENTATION

NOTE: - POSSIBLY MAN
OTHERS DESTROYED BY PERSONAL
IN AREA.

DEPTH 2"

12¼"

DEPTH ½"
POSSIBLE END OF PRINT
UNDERMINED BY TYPE OF SOIL


- page 120 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Apparent Direction of

Examination 34 Indicated That
[partially illegible text]
in a Straight
[partially illegible text]

No Other Indications of
Blast i.e. A Thrust Ind[illegible remainder of line]
[remaining text at bottom is mostly illegible]

The document appears to be a hand-drawn diagram with measurements and annotations, showing what seems to be a schematic or trajectory diagram with various lines, circles, and directional arrows.


- page 121 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

NOTE: NOT "BURN"

DIRT BURN

well defined as height
wt placed directly and
removed directly

sides defined - Burym
and internal base
not as well defined
as though wt.
rocked up.

DIRT
BURN

General
Area of
Footprints

Average central angle
= 89° 1'

Average radii to next
Average position of
vertex = 116'

The document appears to be a diagram with various measurements and annotations, with multiple references to "DIRT BURN" and some geometric calculations.


- page 122 -

Here is the text from the document:

03 SEWING "INSIGNIA"

LOCATED APPROXIMATELY AT
CENTER OF OBJECT AS
SEEN FROM ABOVE SIDE

This is the design & observed

[Signature appears to read] Lonnie Zamora

The document contains a hand-drawn sketch of an oval/egg-shaped object with a symbol/insignia located at its center, as viewed from above.


- page 123 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UFO REPORT

Lonnie Zamora, 606 Reservoir Street, Socorro, New Mexico, 835-1134, Officer Socorro Police Force for about 5 years, office phone 835-0941, now on 2-10pm shift.

About 5:45 pm, 4-24-64, while in Socorro 2 Police Car (64 White Pontiac), he started to chase a car due south from west side of Civic House. Car was apparently speeding and was about 3 blocks in front of police car. At point on Old Rodeo Street (extension of Park Street) south near George Morillo residence (about 1/2 mile south of Frisco Street) the chased car was going straight ahead toward rodeo grounds. Car chased was a new black Chevrolet (it might have been Floyd Reynolds's boy, Vivian, about 17). Chased car still about 3 blocks ahead, Lonnie alone.

At this time, heard a roar and saw a flame in the sky to the southwest, some distance away--possibly a 1/2 mile or a mile. Came to mind that a dynamite shack in that area had blown up, decided to leave chased car go.

Flame was bluish and sort of orange too. Could not tell size of flame. Sort of nozzleless flame, slowly descending. Was still dirtying car and couldn't pay too much attention to the flame. It was a narrow type of flame, it was like a "stream down"--a funnel type--narrower at top than at bottom. Flame possibly 3 degrees or so in width --not wide.

Flame about twice as wide at bottom as top and about four times as high as top was wide. Did not notice any object at top, did not notice if top of flame was level. Sun was to west and did not help vision. Had green sun glasses over prescription glasses. Could not see bottom of flame because it was behind hill. No smoke noted. Noted some "commotion" at bottom--dust. Possibly from windy day-wind was blowing hard. Clear sunny sky otherwise--just a few clouds scattered over area.

Noise was a roar, not a blast, not like a jet. Changed from high frequency to low frequency and then stopped. Roar lasted possibly 10 seconds--was going towards until it disappeared. Whiskers were both down. No other spectators noticed--no traffic except the car in front--and the car in front might have heard it but possibly did not see it because car in front was too close to hill in front to see the flame.

After the roar and flame, did not note anything while going up the somewhat steep rough hill--had to back up and try again, two more times. Got up about half way first time, the wheels started skidding, rear still going on, had to back down and try again before making the hill, about 60ft, long, fairly steep and with loose gravel and rock. While beginning third time, noise and flame not noted.

After got to top, traveled slowly on the gravel road westward. Noted nothing for a while...for possibly 15 or 20 seconds, went slowly, looking around for the shack--did not recall exactly where the dynamite shack was.

Suddenly noted a shiny type object to south about 150-200 yards. It was off the road. At first glance, stopped. It looked, at first, like a car turned upside down. Thought come kids might have turned over. Saw two people in white coveralls very close to the object. One of these persons seemed to turn and look straight at my car and seemed startled--seemed to quickly jump somewhat.

At this time, I started moving my car towards them quickly, with idea to help. Had stopped about only a couple seconds. Object was like aluminum--it was whitish against the mesa background. Seemed like overhang and at first glance took it to be overturned white car. Car appeared turned up like standing.


- page 124 -

Here is the text from the document:

JOINT MESS FORM
UNCLASSIFIED

ZNR

TOT-30/1660S 29
PRECEDENCE: ACTION ROUTINE
INFO ROUTINE

FROM: FTD, WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO

TO: AFMDC, HOLLOMAN AFB, NEW MEXICO

UNCLAS/TDSN(UFO)

FOR MDC, INFO MDC. REFERENCE TELECONS MR SEVEN, CAPT WEIMER
AND CAPT QUINTANILLA, 24 JUN 64. CAPTAIN HECTOR QUINTANILLA,
AO 223155, WILL ARRIVE ON OR ABOUT 6 JUL 64 FOR MEETING WITH
MDC COMMANDER. CAPT QUINTANILLA IS CLEARED UP TO AND
INCLUDING TOP SECRET.

COORDINATION:

DD FORM 173, MAY 59

PAGE 1

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED

REPLACES DD FORM 173, 1 OCT. 48, WHICH WILL BE USED UNTIL EXHAUSTED.


- page 125 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

on radiator or on trunk, at this first glance.

The only time I saw these two persons was when I had stopped, for possibly two seconds or so, to glance at the object. I don't recall seeing any particular shape or possibly any hats or headgear. These persons appeared normal in shape--but possibly they were small adults or large kids.

Then paid attention to road while drove towards scene. Reduced to sheriff's office Socorro 2, possibly 10-14 (accident). I'll be 10-6 (busy) out of the car, checking the car 2-7-8 in the arroyo.

Stopped car, was still talking on radio, started to get out, mike fell down, reached back to put up mike, then replaced radio mike in slot, got out of car, and started to go down to where knew the object (car) was.

Hardly turned around from car when heard roar (was not exactly a blast), very loud roar--at that close was real loud. Not like a jet--knows what a jet sounds like. Started low frequency quickly, then roar rose in frequency (higher tone) and in loudness--from loud to very loud. As came time as rear flame. Plane was under the object. Object was starting to go straight up--slowly up. Object slowly rose straight up. Flame was light blue and at bottom was sort of orange color. From this angle, saw--what might be the side of object (not end, as first noted). Difficult to describe flame. Thought, from rear, it might blow up. Flame might have come from underside of object, at middle, possibly a four foot area--very rough guess. Cannot describe flame further except blue and orange. No smoke except dust in immediate area.

As soon as saw flame and heard roar, turned away, ran away from object but did turn head towards object. Bumped leg on car--back fender area. Car facing southwest. Object was ---- in shape. It was smooth -- no windows or doors. As near (marking) 14 was still on or near ground. Moved red lettering of some type like insignia. Was about 21/4 inches high and about 21 inches wide, guess. Was in middle of object, like -------. Object still like aluminum-white.

After fell by car and glasses fell off, kept running to north, with car between me and object. Glanced back could of times. Rotor chopped to rise to about level of car about 20 to 25 feet guess--took I guess about six seconds when object started to rise a and I glanced back. I ran I guess about halfway to where I ducked down--about fifty feet from car is where I tucked down, just over edge of hill. I guess I had run about 25 feet when I glanced back and saw the object about level with the car and it appeared about directly over the place where it rose from.

I was still running and I jumped just over the hill--I stopped because I did not hear the roar, I was scared of the roar, and I had planned to continue running down the hill. I turned around toward the object and at the same time put my head toward ground, covering my face with my arms. Being that there was no roar, I looked up, and I saw the object going away from me, in a southwest direction. When the roar stopped, heard a sharp tone inside from high tone to low tone. At end of roar was this whine and the whine lasted maybe a second. Then there was complete silence about the object. That's when I lifted up my head and saw the object going away from me.

It did not come any closer to me. It appeared to go in a straight line and at same height, I'd say 10 to 15 feet from ground. At about three-quarter dynamic shack by about three feet. Shack about eight feet high. Object was traveling very fast. It seemed to rise up, and take off immediately across country. I ran back to my car and as I ran back, I kept an eye on the object. I picked up my glasses (I left the sun glasses on ground), got into the car and radioed to Mr. Lopes, radio operator, to "look out the window, to see if you could see an object."


- page 126 -

Here is the text from the document:

-3-

He asked "What is it?" I answered, "It looks like a balloon." I don't know if he saw it. If Nep looked out his window, which faces north, he couldn't have seen it, I did not tell him at the moment which window to look out of.

As I was calling Nep, I could still see the object. The object seemed to lift up slowly, and to "get small" in the distance very fast. It seemed to just clear the Box Canyon or in Mile Canyon Mountain. It disappeared as it went over the mountain. It had no flames whatsoever as it was traveling over that ground, and no smoke or noise.

Feeling in good health. Last drink-two or three beers-was even a month ago. Noted no odors. Noted no sounds other than described. Gave directions to Nep Lopez at radio and to Sergeant MS Chaves to get there. Went down to where the object had been, and I noted the brush was burning in several places. At that time I heard Sgt. Chaves (W.M. State Police at Socorro) calling me on radio for my location, and I returned to my car, told him he was looking at me. Then Sgt. Chaves came up, asked me what the trouble was because I was sweating and he told me that I was white, very pale. I asked the Sgt. to see what I saw and that was the burning brush. Then Sgt. Chaves and I went to the spot and Sgt. Chaves pointed out the tracks.

When I first saw the object (when I thought it might be a car), I saw what appeared to be two legs of some type from the object to the ground. At the time, I didn't pay much attention to what it was-I thought it was an accident--I saw the two persons.

I didn't pay much attention to the two "legs." The two "legs" were at the bottom of the object, slanted outwards to the ground. The object might have been about three and a half feet from the ground at that time. I just glanced at it.

Can't tell how long saw object second time (the "clear" time), possibly 20 seconds-just a guess--for a from the time got out of car, glanced at object, ran from object, jumped over edge of hill, then got back to car and radio as object disappeared.

As my wife will, I got out of car, at same area, I heard about two or three loud "thumps," like someone possibly opening or shutting a door hard. These "thumps" were possibly a second or less apart. This was just before the roar. The persons were not seen when I got up to the scene area.

Just before Sgt. Chaves got to scene, I got my pen and drew a picture of the insignia on the object.


- page 127 -

INFORMATION RELATIVE TO THE SOCORRO SIGHTING OF UFO BY LONNIE ZAMORA

At 0530, Sunday 26 April 1964, I received a call from Captain Hector Quintanilla requesting that the Socorro sighting be investigated immediately and that he be advised as soon as possible of the results of an initial investigation. This action was dictated by a call from the Command Post at 330, a call from the Emergency Action Group at 430 and another call from the Command Post just prior to my notification of the event. The contacts for data already collected were 1k Col King (268-2107) and Capt R T Holder (Scan White Sands 835-1385).

At 0600 I contacted the Base Duty Officer and was informed that Major Conner was the Kirtland Investigator for UFO reports. I contacted Major Conner and requested permission to accompany him to Socorro. I contacted Col King and a meeting was arranged for 0830. The only information that Col King had was in the form of an FBI report made by agent Barnes on Friday night following the sighting. This report was forwarded to Washington and Col King later, the Command Post, the FBI, to be included as an attachment in Major Conner's report.

A geiger counter was obtained and Major Conner and I departed for Socorro at 1030 arriving 1200 in Socorro. We contacted Sgt Chavez, the State Police officer who was the first to reach Lonnie Zamora (Only witness) and during the interview the following information was obtained.

Shortly after 1700 Lonnie Zamora was on patrol and radioed in to the city Police that there was a 10-74 (auto accident) and he was proceeding to investigate. It appeared as if an auto had turned over and two people were standing by its side. From the ensuing activity monitored on the radio Sgt Chavez immediately made an effort to reach patrolman Zamora and arrived about 3 minutes after the object under observation by Lonnie Zamora had disappeared. Sgt Chavez then went to the area where the craft or thing was supposedly sighted and found four fresh indentations in the ground and several charred or burned bushes. Smoke appeared to come from the bush and he assumed that it was burning, however no coals were visible and the charred portions of the bush were cold to the touch. Sgt Chavez contacted the FBI, who in turn contacted White Sands and Agent Barnes and Lt R T Holder of the latter organization arrived to conduct an investigation and obtain various samples of the soil and charred bush. Sgt Chavez secured the area, and made an investigation of the ground surrounding the scene. He determined that the only tire marks were those of Patrolman Zamora's vehicle and the State Police car 868-yss4 and found no prints or track activity of any kind other than that noted in the FBI report. Further he stated that the marks were definitely "fresh", and the dirt showed evidence of "dew" or moisture. Sgt Chavez is firm in that no track activity was evident. At no time did he observe the craft or object described by Patrolman


- page 128 -

Here is the text from the document:

Zamora and explained that he had taken the wrong road as was, IN fact looking in the opposite direction for a part of the time. Therefore, had the object been visible he would not have been in a position to see it. Sgt Chavez took polaroid pictures of the holes and area. These are available to us.

Following the interview with Sgt Chavez, Sgt Zamora was interviewed and a trip to the location made. All persons interviewing Zamora are impressed with his sincerity and are of the belief that if a hoax has been perpetrated Lonnie Zamora is definitely not a part of it.

The object was described as white or "light in color and egg shaped." During the interview it was apparent that a visit to location was necessary to determine the time sequence of the event and the related motion of the object, as well as to obtain speeds and distance of flight. At approximately 4 pm proceeded to the site, accompanied by two reporters from the local press. The sequence of events was repeated and total duration from the initial contact with the event to time of it's disappearance did not exceed 10 minutes. A geiger counter check for background radiation was made in the presence of the press and Sgt Zamora and no radioactivity count was present. The counter was checked with Major Conner's watch and found to be in good working order.

The following is a sequence of the event as reported by Lonnie Zamora. Shortly after 5 pm he was on patrol when he heard a noise that he thought to be an explosion of the Mayor's dynamite shack known to be in that direction. He turned off the road and proceeded to a point up a hill where he could see what looked like a car turned upside down with two white things he assumed to be the occupants of the car and he radioed this information to Police headquarters. He went down a hill where the object was not visible and had to make two tries to get up this hill in his car. As he came over the top of the hill (about 300 yds from the object) it appeared to be a thing on four pronged legs and the two white things (described as coveralls) were no longer visible. Continuing to a point about 150 yds from the object he parked the car and got out and approached the object to a point about 100 ft. At this time the object made a rumbling noise or rattling noise and a blue flame like an arc welder turning to yellow or orange at the end came from the center or the bottom. The object was about the size of an auto and light colored, not reflective, but white or silver or just light colored. From this position the base of the craft was in the bottom of the gully and not visible to Lonnie Zamora. He thought in the third was going to explode and became frightened. He ran to a point behind his car, dropping his glasses on the way. He hid behind the car using his arm to shield his eyes. He remained in this position for not more than 10 seconds, at which time the noise stopped and his initial fear of the object lessened. He looked up and the object rose to a point of 15-20 ft altitude, with the legs still not visible. A Red marking was evident

2


- page 129 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

and a drawing of this marking will be attached at the end of the report.
Mr Zamora is firm in that the color was Red. At this point of altitude
(20 ft max) the flame was no longer visible and the craft hovered for
not more than a few seconds and began to move laterally to his right
(SW) along the line of the gully just missing the dynamite shack by
not more than two or three feet and fading in the distance near a mill
about 6 miles away. Lonnie Zamora description of the object is vague.
The only specific detail being the red marking. All descriptions are
general in nature. At no time did the flight of the object rise above
the mountain background. Disappearance of the object from time of
hovering took about 3 minutes. About 3 minutes later Sgt Chavez
arrived on the scene.

Area background. Photos have been obtained of the background. An
airfield (Private) is located about a mile to the opposite side of the
gully where the object was located and Zamora's car was parked. There
is a large white signboard at the edge of the area. To the right about
200 ft is the dynamite shack, about 6ft tall, 4 ft square and silver in
color. Measurements of these factors can be made if deemed essential.
The sighting was made at least an hour before sunset. At 630 pm the
sun was still visible above the mountains to the West.

It Holder visited and the report made by the FBI agent (Mr Barnes)
and Capt Holder read by Major Conner. Capt Holder claimed no knowledge
of the red mark. Extensive diagrams of the holes had been made and
measurements taken. He indicated that the samples could be analyzed
at White Sands. Also a check had been made with the local Radar stations
and no U/I tracks were in the area. Further check indicated that no helo
activity was in the area. White Sands has two or three white helos, but at the time were located at the other end of
the range and were not in operation, the base activity being secured until
Monday morning. A copy of the FBI report and Capt Holder's report and
measurements to be forwarded to Major Conner, along with analysis of the
charred specimen.

No conclusion as to cause could be reached by myself or Major Conner.

Coral Lorenzen and husband were in Socorro at the time and had interviewed both Lonnie Zamora and Sgt Chavez, and also Capt Holder prior to
the arrival of Major Conner and myself.

Included in Major Conner's IR as attachments will be the FBI report,
Capt Holder's report, Photos of the area, and specific slides taken
that evening by a state Trooper accompanying Sgt Chavez to the scene.
Specific statements as to radar activity, (none) Helo activity (all known
helos not in area) and inquiry into the red marking should be made.

Copies of the local news releases have been forwarded to Capt Q and the
basic investigative efforts have been completed. I called Capt Q upon
return from Socorro at 1930, Sunday 26 April and advised him of the above
information.

[Signed]
DAVID N MOODY
TSGT, USAF

3


- page 130 -

REPORT ON SOCORRO NEW MEXICO TRIP

On Tuesday, April 28, 1964, in response to a call from Captain Quintanilla, I enplaned for Albuquerque to meet with Major Conner of Kirtland Air Force Base and associates. I called a prospective graduate student in astronomy, now working at Kirtland Air Force Base, before I left the office, asking him to meet me. This proved totally unnecessary since, when the plane from Denver arrived in Albuquerque, I heard some murmurs from the front part of the plane to the effect that "there must be a celebrity aboard" and discovered to my amazement that, as I left the plane, numerous flashbulbs began popping, and I was importuned for one interview after another. Since I knew nothing, there was very little that I could say, and consequently I got out of the situation very easily. It would appear that Major Conner's PIO man was very effective. I had unfortunately neglected to ask Major Conner in advance to keep things quiet.

As soon as I got the reporters out of my hair, we went to Major Conner's office at Kirtland Air Force Base, where I called Dr. LaFaz by phone to ask whether he might go down to Socorro with us. He was unable to make it, but told me that a number of a years before he had worked with Zamora on a field trip in search of a fallen meteorite. He gave Zamora a very clean bill of health and said that he was a completely reliable person. We then headed down in an Air Force car for Socorro, which is some 75 miles south of Albuquerque, and when we were nearly there, we had a flat tire. It turned out that the jack was missing, although the car had been reported in excellent shape, and so we had to hail passengers-by, finally snagging one car whose occupants indicated that they would inform the sheriff's office when they got into town. Time passed and we snagged another car, this time with four women in it. They took me into town so that I could relay the call, and this was rather fortunate, all in all, because I had the chance to have a preliminary with Sergeant Chaves before the rest (Major Conner and Mr. James Wray, the prospective graduate student) got down. It was during this preliminary interview in the jail that Sergeant Chaves told me that Zamora was getting disgusted with the whole thing and with the general misrepresentation. After some general reluctance, Sergeant Chaves agreed to have Zamora there that evening after dinner, provided that Zamora and he could talk to me privately. I agreed to this, and when the repaired car finally got down with its occupants, we went to dinner (paid for all the meals of the two from Albuquerque both this day and the next), and after dinner, Major Conner and Mr. Wray went back to Albuquerque, and I went to the jail to talk for the next two hours with Zamora and Chaves.

After a fairly lengthy time spent in getting them warmed up to the subject, I got the major sketch of the situation. During one or two times when Zamora (who was on duty) had to step out of the room, Chaves told me some of Zamora's reactions. Apparently Zamora was not going to say anything about it, but it was at Chaves' advice that he did. He then apparently


- page 131 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

asked Chaves whether Chaves thought that he, Zamora, should first speak to the priest before saying anything. Chaves indicated that this was up to him. Chaves described Zamora's radio call to him on that evening, and indicated that Zamora had asked him to come out alone. Chaves indicated that when he got to Zamora, he found him very badly shaken, pale, and sweating. He attempted to kid him, saying, "What's the matter, Lonnie; you look like you've seen the devil." And Zamora stated, "Well, maybe I have." Chaves indicated that Zamora was reluctant to go down into the small ravine, and asked that Chaves preceded him, even though it was still bright daylight. It was Chaves who first discovered the imprint. During the interview, Zamora was far from talkative, and there seemed to be a few minor contradictions as to just where he was when he first readied in, etc., and even as to how many times he had radioed in. Both Zamora and Chaves appeared to me to be hoping that I could tell them that this had been a secret air force devise, so that they could dismiss the whole thing from their minds. Zamora was still evidently troubled over some of the towns' reactions, and Chaves was disturbed by the hullabaloo and the misrepresentation, and the flurry of "me too" reports.

After my talk with the two men at the courthouse, I called Captain Holder and asked him to have a nightcap with me. He came down to pick me up, and invited me to his home instead, and transmitted to me a carbon of his report, and the statement describing himself.

Exhibit A) Captain Holder was most helpful and anxious to demonstrate that he had done a good job in procuring measurements, and other data before the coming of the crowd of curiosity seekers. I, of course, questioned Captain Holder, as to his impressions about Zamora's reliability and of the connection of the tracks with the sighting, etc., and he, as did all others whom I subsequently questioned, indicated that the markings were, to all intensive purposes, fresh and were associated burned, or that the burning seemed to be sporadic. Clumps of grass in close proximity to the burned ones were untouched, while others just a short distance away from the unburned ones were again burned, etc.

I put up at a local motel, making arrangements to be taken out to the site first thing the morning. Mr Zamora and Sergeant Chaves joined me at breakfast the next morning, but just previous to that, a man whose name I did not get, he introduced himself as from the FAA, and indicated to me that it was strange that their radars had not picked up anything. He felt that, MIT radars can pick up cars on the road, that this object should certainly have been picked up by the radar equipment.

In going out to the site, I asked that precisely the same road be traveled that was traveled on the evening of the sighting, and so we did, and as we went along, Zamora pointed out the place where te

2


- page 132 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

speeding car had turned into his line of sight from a side road, and
we followed the pursuit path, going to the place about 1/2 mile
south of town where Zamora then pointed in the direction in which
he had seen the flame and had heard a loud roar. It must be
remembered that at this time he was giving chase to a speeding car,
and it would seem that, to be diverted from this jolly procedure,
the noise and/or light must have been fairly strong. Zamora did
not describe the light to me in the detail that he has described
it in Captain Holder's report. He stressed only the roar and the
fact that he thought the Mayor's dynamite shack had exploded and
that somebody might have been in trouble.

From that point on, his report to me was virtually identical to that
he gave to Captain Holder - his three attempts to get up the hill,
his sighting of the object at a distance, as his line of sight went
longitudinally down the small arroyo - it was at this point that
he thought he saw an overturned car standing, however, either on the
trunk or on its radiator. He described that, at this point, he
picked up the radio and called back to Sergeant Shaves. There is
a little contradiction here, probably not serious, as to where he
had made the call, and exactly how many calls he made.

He then stated that he proceeded down the very poor gravel road,
temporarily losing sight of the object behind a slight rise in the land,
that is, behind one of the hillocks that formed an arroyo between
them. He thus came up upon the object from behind the hill and from
the side, so to speak, he apparently saw the object again while he was
driving and continued to drive for some distance. He finally stopped
the car at the clearing just before the ground descends into the little
arroyo        (see photograph number 2) Photograph No 2 is important
in that it shows how close he was to the object. It is clear from this
that any common object would certainly have been easily recognized. It
would seem virtually incredible that an ordinary object, such as a balloon,
helicopter, private small plane, etc., could have remained unidentified,
and further, could have caused Zamora to become as frightened as he did.

Zamora drove up to this spot, windows rolled down, and looked to his left
out of the window, to see the object. At this point, he indicated that
he still thought that "it" might have been an overturned car. It is not
clear whether he made a call to the station at this time (presumably
he did), but, in any event, he knocked the mike to the floor, as he got
out of the car, apparently in some excitement. He started to walk toward
the object, but apparently did not get very far before he heard some
noises. The noises were described as two or three bangs, as though
someone were shutting a door (the space visitors were undoubtedly saying
"let's get the hell out of here") and this was followed almost immediately
by a roar. He did not describe the pitches of the roars to me as well
as he had in Capt Holder's report. Apparently, by this time Zamora was

3

55


- page 133 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

thoroughly tired of going into details. It is clear that he turned
tail at this time and ran for cover, thinking the object was about
to explode. He banged his leg against the rear fender of the car as
he tried to round it, at which time his glasses, and his sunglasses
fell off the ground, but he did not stop to retrieve them. This
is an indication of the state of panic he was in. He ran some distance
behind the car, as indicated in photograph No 3, which shows him
crouching down, but not as he had done that Friday evening. At that
time, he had crouched quite close to the ground, covering his eyes
with his arm. It was at this time that he saw the object rise to
essentially the level of his car and proceed in the direction of the
dynamite shack, shown in figure 4 which shows the small dynamite shack
about 7 or 8 feet high, off to the right and shows Zamora's arms
extended, his left arm pointing to the direction in which he had seen
the object originally, its takeoff position, and the right arm pointing
in the general direction in which the object had disappeared. A
shadow cast by Zamora in this picture, which was taken approximately
at 10 am, at which time the sun was in the south-east quarter of the sky,
indicates that Zamora is facing southwest, with the shack somewhat to
southwest by west. The dynamite shack is also shown in figure five,
which shows the car parked as it was on the evening of the sighting.
Zamora was looking out of the left hand drivers' window at the object
when he parked the car. Photograph No 6 shows the position from which
Zamora first saw the object whose location was approximately under the
X mark on the photograph. It was from this distance that he thought
that the object looked like an overturned car. Photograph 7 is the posi-
tion Zamora was in, looking at the object disappearing, said object
having missed the dynamite shack by some 3 feet, according to Zamora.
Photography No 8 is approximately the position Chaves and Zamora were
in, on their way down from the rise toward the place where the object
had been, then Chaves first saw the markings the object had left.
Photograph No 9 shows the town of Socorro in the distance, looking longitudi-
nally through the gulley toward the "road" along which Zamora was
stationed when he first saw the object, looking in the direction Socorro
to the spot from which Photograph 9 was taken.

Resume:

From all of the above and from my personal observations, I would conclude
the following: That Zamora, although not overly bright or articulate,
is basically sincere, honest, and reliable. He would not be capable of
contriving a complex hoax, nor would his temperment indicate that he
would have the slightest interest in such. He was simply a copy on duty,
relinquished one discharge of that duty (chasing a speeding car) for
another which he thought was of more immediate importance. (Investigating
the possible explosion of a dynamite shack). His fright was genuine,

4

86


- page 134 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

and his feeling that he had seen something truly unusual is attested
by the fact that he asked whether he should speak to the priest first
before saying anything about it.

Any question of hallucination seems clearly out. He is a non-drinking
man, and is a solid, well-built, physically healthy individual (Photo-
graph No 10). He is a cop who looks as though he could be pretty gruff
with his customers, and in fact, his complaint about the UFO sighting
was that it did not allow him to give out his full quote of tickets
for the day. Photograph N 11 is of Sergeant Chaves, who is considerably
more articulate than Zamora, and appears to have a greater awareness
of things and relations than Zamora does. Both men seemed to give
every indication of being devoted to duty and being basically simple
and honest. Photograph No 12 is a close-up of one of the markings,
made very shortly after the craft had departed.

By the time that I got to see the area, it had been so badly trampled
over that I could make no assessment of the burned areas. There appear
to be a fair amount of charred particles mixed in with the dirt, and
some charred cardboard was also found (enc). In conclude, therefore,
that Zamora saw a tangible, physical object, under good daylight
illumination, and from fairly close range (at the closest, almost as
little as 100 feet).

It appears essential that we discover what the physical object actually
was. It is clear that the UFO officinados are going to make a great
case of this one. Two days before my visit, Mr. Lorenzen, husband of
Carol Lorenzen of APRO, had visited and taken numerous samples of charred
remains and of rocks and ground, etc. I had not been at the site more
than ten minutes when Mr. Sanford of NICAP showed up and took samples,
photographs, etc. It was remarked at the time to how Menzel would
go about explaining this one! No doubt was left in my mind but that NICAP
and APRO, and possibly others, would consider this the best authenticated
landing sighting on record. They will use it, very likely as a lever
for a congressional investigation, and will derive any attempt to "explain
it away" as a balloon, conventional helicopter, etc. They will set
great store on the paucity of the turns and the relative lack of
disturbance would have been very much greater. They will probably say
that the burns are "plasmaburns" which can scorch locally, I understand.

It is therefore essential to consider this one of the major UFO sightings
in the history of the Air Force's consideration of this subject, and
to spare no effort in establishing whether maneuvers of any sort were
taking place in that locality either on the part of the Air Force, the
Army, or even the Navy. However, I am quite certain that it will not
be sufficient for the Air Force in this case to indicate that the sighting
was "probably a new type of craft being tested," or that a secret war

5


- page 135 -

FTD
WPA044C2CS0D9S6ZCJYB301
FR RUCDSQ
DE RUEAHQ 393 13/213SZ
ZNR

R 132130Z
FM/CSAF
TO RUCDSQ/AFSC FTD WPAFB OHIO
RUWGKD/AFSWC KIRTLAND AFB NMEX
INFO RUEAGL/AFSC

ET

UNCLAS FM SAF-OIPB 78007.

NUMEROUS INQUIRIES CONCERNING AIR FORCE INVESTIGATION AND EVALUATION OF THE RECENT UFO SIGHTING AT SOCORRO, NEW MEXICO, 24 APRIL, CONTINUE TO BE RECEIVED FROM NEWS MEDIA, FROM THE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT, AND MEMBERS OF CONGRESS. THIS HQ IS UNABLE TO RESPOND PROPERLY PENDING RECIEPT OF YOUR CONCLUSIONS. REQUEST APPROPRIATE ACTION BE TAKEN TO INSURE THAT REPORTS OF PERSONNEL ASSIGNED TO INVESTIGATE AND EVALUATE THE SIGHTING BE COMPLETED AND FORWARDED IMMEDIATELY.

ET


- page 136 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

maneuver was in progress, unless the log of such maneuvers is produced, and better yet, the entire "crime" reenacted, preferably in Zamora's presence. I recognize that this will be a very difficult task, but in view of the importance of this case, I think every attempt should be made to do this. It will require, very possibly, the attention of the Secretary of the Air Force himself.

It would be well, further, for "files protection" for the Air Force to tabulate from its records, and from available records from other sources, of other reported landings, such as, for instance, the chronological list which appeared in the January-February 1964 issue of Flying Saucer Review. Ignorance of what NICAP and APRO will designate as similar cases will be of little help.

In about a month, I shall have occasion to return to the Socorro area, at which time I will discuss with Zamora and Chaves after the excitement has completely simmered down, some of the finer points of the sighting, such as the location at which radio calls were made, etc.

The wind at that time was blowing very strongly from the south and I established by repeated questioning that the object had taken off either at right angles to the wind, or partially into the wind.

I have not stressed the insignia which Zamora reported, since he drew exactly the same thing which he had drawn for Capt Holder. I did question him many times on the shape of the object, as to whether it had clear cut edges or fuzzy edges, as to bits of color, etc., but the results were virtually the same as the information given to Capt Holder. The object was egg-shaped, had the inverted V insignia on it, two legs seemed to be protruding from the object, which was not chrome but "whitish-aluminum", and it was further established that the great roar during its initial take-off disappeared suddenly and the horizontal flight away and over the dynamite shack was noiseless.

I questioned Mr Art Burns of the FBI, and several others who had been on the site within the first hours after the sighting as to the alleged freshness of the tracks. They were all of the opinion that the tracks were, indeed, fresh.

Although Zamora was the only witness to the actual sighting, nine people in all saw the markings. Altogether nine people saw the markings within hours of the sighting and before the hoards of curiosity seekers descended upon the place the following day.

After I visited the place of the sighting, I had several other talks with local people, and, in particular, with the reporter of the El Defensor Chieftain, or perhaps it was the editor (it's a small paper). I believe that I talked with Mr Lewis A Reddell, the publisher of the El Defensor.

6
38


- page 137 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

He had gone into this thing quite thoroughly and in a quite sedate and unexcited manner. His story, published Tuesday, April 28, 1964, is an excellent summary of the sighting. It includes one point not mentioned previously: "At least one other person - an unidentified tourist traveling north on US 85 - saw the UFO just before it landed in a gulley. Opel Grinder, manager of Whitting brothers' Service Station on 85 North, said the man stopped at the station and remarked that aircrafts flew low around here. Grinder replied that there were many helicopters in this vicinity, and the tourist said, "It was a funny looking helicopter, if that's what it was." The man said further that the object had flown over his car. It actually was headed straight for the gully where it landed moments later. The tourist also commented that he had seen a police car heading up the hill. This was apparently Zamora's car.

I believe that we can dispense with the rash of other reports that sprang up immediately thereafter. This was the case near Santa Fe, the case in Montana, the girl with scorched eyes because she looked at a flying saucer in Albuquerque, and others. But, it is essential that the Socorro case be given the treatment.

I also questioned, while in Socorro, my old friend, Dr Jack Whothmen, President of the New Mexico School of Mines, who said he knew of no geophysical or other types of experiments going on in the area at the time. He, as the rest of the townspeople, were puzzled by the event, but the general underlying still of opinion was that it would turn out to be some device which the government still had under wraps. Not one person whom I talked with in the least, by either implication or imunedo, challenged Zamora's veracity.

Finally, the drawings which Captain Hilder and his associates made, when replotted according to scale, (already enclosed with the report of Captain Holder,) already sent to you) which indicate that the diagonals between the markings intersected perpendicularly. It would appear essential that for this case to be fairly closed out, if the interpretation is that of a new device and its dimensions be shown to match the markings found on ground; that is, that the device finally selected as the culprit, be indeed capable of producing the marks observed.

I left Socorro shortly after noon on Wednesday April 29th, Major Conner and James Ray having come down late that morning to pick me up. We had a late lunch enroute to Albuquerque.

In Albuquerque, I had the opportunity to talk with Mr Arthur Burns, of the FBI, who added nothing new to the situation but confirmed the general reliability and stability of Mr Zamora. He also was of the opinion that the marks might well have been fresh ones. I also called the mother of the young girl whose eyes were allegedly burned by having looked too long at a flying saucer, and found that the name of the Doctor who treated her and who had confirmed the burns, was a Dr Best of Albuquerque. Major Conner indicated that he would investigate further. That is all.

7


- page 138 -

Additional Notes to the Report:

It should be noted that, at the time Zamora saw the insignia, the craft was well illuminated by sunlight which was streaming in from Zamora's right. It might be well to perform some experiments with placards with insignia and different patterns inscribed thereon to see how well these are visible, under good lighting, at 100-200 feet.

Additional Note: What is the power of Zamora's glasses? Does he suffer from a stigmatism?

Additional Note: Several things are a pity in this situation. One is that there was not an additional witness. Second is that no photographs were taken. Third, that no radars picked up the object, and fourth that the witness who we did have was not a better observer and more articulate.

Recommendations: The object which produced this, if it was a new device under test or in maneuvers, be brought to same location and movies be taken of it departing in the manner described by Zamora, and under the same lighting conditions. This then could be played at any future hearings on flying saucers. This, it seems to me, could go a very long way toward exploding the myth of flying saucers, and might do more good than all the previous years of propaganda.

8


- page 139 -

AERONAUTICAL SYSTEMS DIVISION
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

MATERIALS PHYSICS DIV
AF MATERIALS LABORATORY

EVALUATION REPORT
Soil Analysis

REPORT NR: MAY 64-3                      DATE: 19 May 1964
PROJECT NR: G 661-02                      TYPE EVALUATION:
MANUFACTURER:                              SPEC NR:
SUBMITTED BY: FTD                          ITEM SERIAL NR:
                                            Sgt D. Moody

I.   PURPOSE
     Determination of the composition of the soil samples for the purpose of
     comparison.

II.  FACTUAL DATA
     1. The samples were submitted for analysis and assigned Analytical Branch
        numbers A-891 - A-893.

     2. Spectrographic analysis indicated the gross composition to be the same
        for all samples. Following elements were found in the indicated
        concentration range:

        Principal element - Silicon
        Major elements - Mg, Al, Fe, Na, K and Ca
        Minor elements - Manganese and Titanium

III. CONCLUSION
     There is apparently no significant differences in elemental composition
     between the different samples.

IV.  RECOMMENDATIONS
     None, data merely submitted.

PREPARED BY:
[Signature of James H. Muntz]
JAMES H. MUNTZ

THIS REPORT IS NOT TO BE USED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR ADVERTISING OR SALES PROMOTION PURPOSES

ASD FORM     REPLACES WADD FORM 64 WHICH IS OBSOLETE.
JUN 61


- page 140 -

PUBLICATION REVIEW

This report has been reviewed and is approved.

DISTRIBUTION:
FTD (Sgt D. Moody)
MAY
MAYA (5 cys)
MAM (Library)

FREEMAN T. BENTLEY
Chief, Analytical Branch
Materials Physics Division
AF Materials Laboratory

MAY 64-8

Page 2


- page 141 -

Here is the text from the document:

SUBORDER (Red As)

1. TO (Supporting Element): HQ VA
2. DATE: 12/MAY
3. ASBL
4. FOR SERVICE IN SUPPORT: SYSTEM NO.
5. SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: PRECEDENCE RATING:
6. OF WORK REQUESTED:
7. A/C TYPE, MODEL AND SERIAL NO.: PROJECT NO.: G-661-02
8. PROGRAM STRUCTURE: OTHER
9. TITLE:
10. DESCRIPTION OF WORK: Run EMISSION ON SOIL SAMPLES

(Bottom sections include signatures and dates, partially legible)

Sections include:
11. INITIATED BY
12. APPROVED BY
13. CHIEF (Responsible Element)
14. ESTIMATED COMPLETION
15. PROJECT ENGINEER OR PLANNER: Lt. P. Malone
16. CHIEF (Supporting Element)
17. REASON
18. COMPLETED/CANCELLED
19. DATE COMPL: 13 MAY 64
20. CHIEF (Supporting Element)
21. CHIEF (Responsible Element)

The document appears to be a suborder form for some technical work involving soil sample emissions.


- page 142 -

His CASE Include:

Atch. D: Three (3) steps toward card board

Atch. E: Two (2) 3x5 B & W Photos of Zamora

Atch. F: Fourteen (14) 3x5 B & W Photos

Atch. G: Twelve (11) 4x6 B & W Photos

Atch. H: One (1) 3½x4½ B & W Photos


- page 143 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Main Headlines and Articles]

Hoffa on Trial
In Fraud Case

[Article begins]
CHICAGO, April 27.—Teamster Union President James R. Hoffa, currently appealing a conviction for jury tampering, goes on trial today in a $20 million fraud case with seven associates today in a pension funds and diverting more than $1 million of the amount to their own use.

[Other Articles]

Court Shuns
Rail Jobs Case

[Article begins]
WASHINGTON, April 27.—Supreme Court refused today to examine the railroad arbitration board decision that could eventually eliminate 30,000 firemen's jobs and leave the status of 19,000 other crewmen in doubt.

[Another Article]

Government Hopes to Destroy Hoffa's
By DICKSON PRESTON

CHICAGO, April 27.—The federal trial of James R. Hoffa opens here today marks the keystones of the long Justice Department effort to destroy his power.

[Partial text continues but becomes less clear]

[Photo Caption]
LYNDA BIRD JOHNSON, daughter of the President, broke her engagement to Navy Lt. Bernard Rosenbach, both shown above in a recent photo.

[Bottom of page contains additional text about the trial and legal proceedings]


- page 144 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Police Capture
Three Burglars
Police captured three burglars in two separate incidents over the weekend.

A Burns Detective Agency officer, investigating a burglary at Frank Jewelers, 1st St. and Spring, late Saturday night, found a broken window. He notified police, and a short time later Radio Patrolmen Troy Dunn and R. R. Macia picked up a suspect wandering the neighborhood nearby. He admitted stealing 49 rings and some cigars, and implicated another who was arrested at home. The first suspect also had a marijuana cigarette.

Officers Darrell Gilbert and Robert Gonzalez arrested another (Continued on Page A-18, Col. 3)

Maryland
Views Wallace
Maryland will be the best testing ground to date for Alabama's segregationist Gov. George Wallace.

The Democratic primary here comes May 19.

POLLSTER Samuel Lubbell has been sounding out Maryland's "Little Dixie" — the Eastern Shore — Baltimore's "big city" voters, and the white collar suburban belts.

HE HAS found curious reactions and significant trends — all of which he sets forth in "The People Speak" in today's HERALD-Post on Page B-3.

RICHARD H. FEUILLE
Richard H. Feuille, local attorney, has been named general vice-chairman of the coming annual United Fund appeal. Ray Lockhart, general campaign chairman of the United Fund, announced today.

Lockhart, a former El Paso Stone and Webster Service Corp. man in New York City to assume presidency of El Paso Electrical Co. last July, was recently appointed general campaign chairman. Charles H. Lavell is president of the United Fund and National Bank.

MR. FEUILLE has been president of the Community Concert Association, a member of the YMCA board of trustees, and is a director of El Paso National Bank.

A graduate of the University of Virginia Law School in 1948, he began practicing law here with the firm now known as Hardie, Grumbling, Sims and Gafetzan and was with it until 1957 when he was made a partner with the firm now known as Scott, Hale, Marshall and Feuille.

He is a member of the school board of St. Clement's Episcopal Parish School, was a senior warden of the Church and has served on its vestry.

(Other articles on the page include "Power, Prove He Dipped Into Millions" and "El Paso Sunshine")


- page 145 -

Here is the OCR text from the newspaper page:

ald-Post
27, 1964

CITY
EDITION
PRICE TEN CENTS
28 PAGES—TWO SECTIONS

landing Probed
BY ASKS TESTS
g-Shaped
ject Seen
Policeman
Evidence On Desert
Floor Supports
Officer's Story
SOCORRO, N.M., April 27.—
It's a good place for a
flying saucer. Right on the
site of White Sands Missile Range, on the wide
open New Mexico desert,
at 30 miles northwest of
site of the world's first
missile base.

SOCORRO POLICEMAN Lonnie Zamora tells how he spotted a
egg-shaped flying object near Socorro, N.M. Zamora said the unusual machine rose off the ground and flew slowly as he
watched. With Zamora is Sgt. David Moody, assistant to Capt.
(unidentified flying object) investigator Maj. William Conner
of Kirkland Air Force Base in Albuquerque. Zamora is described
as a "reliable witness." (UPI Telephoto.)

Battling Babe
Hospitalized
After Brawl

Vice-Chairman
Of UF Named

A woman was taken to Thomason General Hospital late yesterday (many might call an inch of her
index finger, after another woman bit it off. The fight was in
the 600 block of South Stanislaus street, over a handkerchief
some played by the women and

Slayer
Hits Head
On Wall
Lawyers Want
More Examinations
For Insanity
DALLAS, April 27.—Jack
Ruby, still sore from a
head dash into his cell
wall in an apparent suicide
attempt, was expected back
in court today to ask for
more mental tests.

RUBY, AWAITING death in the
electric chair for the murder of
accused presidential assassin Lee
Harvey Oswald, was not seriously hurt in the incident early yesterday morning.

He was expected to appear with
his lawyers this morning before
Dist. Judge Joe B. Brown, who
has been asked to determine
that mental tests given him before the trial did not go deep
enough. His attorneys, headed by
lawyer-physician Dr. Ruben Winston Smith, filed a request for
the tests last week. They said
they want more tests, including
the use of hypnotism and truth
serum (sodium pentathol).

SHERIFF BILL DECKER
Ruby was talking in S. J. Boy-


- page 146 -

Here is the text from the newspaper page:

EL PASO HERALD
VOL. LXXXIV, NO. 101                EL PASO, TEXAS, MONDAY

Sands 'Saucer'
SUICIDE FAILS; R
LBJ Seeks
Billions For
Appalachia
Emergency Program
Goes to Congress
After Johnson Trip

WASHINGTON, April 27.
President Johnson sends
to Congress today his emergency program for helping
the poverty-stricken Appalachia region.

A PRICE TAG of $3 billion to
help the area's 2.5 million residents was disclosed. The total outlay could not be calculated exactly, but would be about
$220 million in the coming fiscal
year.

Johnson, who made a five-state
tour of the Appalachian area Friday, worked over the weekend with aides on the "must" legislation he planned to send to the Senate and House.

THE PRESIDENT told his news
conference Saturday that his proposals would call for improved
highways, health facilities, better flood control, better use of
the region's coal, timber and land,
and development of human re-

Soviets Battle to Save
Fabled Ancient Samarkand
United Press International

MOSCOW, April 27.—
Soviet engineers today expressed confidence of winning a "battle of nature"
to save the fabled ancient
city of Samarkand from a
threatened flood by millions of tons of water.

Waters of the Zeravshan River
surged against a natural dam
caused by a massive landslide
in the central Asian region. Collapse of the 300-foot-high barrier would send the water down the
valley across the ring cotton and
grape area where 500,000 people
live.

MOSCOW RADIO said this
morning, however, that engineers had nearly finished "digging a canal" around the dam.
Blowing the rise in pressure.
Dynamite is being put in place
and the charges will be detonated
Wednesday, forcing the river into
a new bed and allowing the accumulated water to run off harmlessly, the radio said.

At that time, it said, "the danger of floods will be completely
eliminated."

REPORTS FROM the dam said
the water had been rising 15
inches an hour and had formed
a 100-foot deep lake in three days.
But Moscow radio said this morn-

ing the rate of increase had
slowed.

Soviet officials hurriedly evacuated villagers near a bulging,
earth slide-formed lake which threatened to flood an Uzbekistan
valley and overflow into the legendary Samarkand city of Samarkand,
said the quake cut nearby Darvnorz Mountain in two, dropping
a mass of rock as high as 80 to 100 feet and blocking the river.
(UPI Telephoto.)

Lynda's Engagement


- page 148 -

Here is the text from the newspaper article:

Alamogordo Daily News

Mystifying Flying
Object Is Sighted

Unusual
Marks
Found

The man in the street was mystified and the military and other authorities were 'investigating' today following reports of the landing of an unidentified flying object at the outskirts of Socorro Friday afternoon and the sighting of "two strange persons who left instead of footprints."

Socorro City Officer Lonnie Zamora told of seeing the egg-shaped vehicle, roughly the size of an automobile, after he had noted a flash in the southwest sky about 5 p.m. Friday while on routine patrol.

He said he drove to the area where he got within about 100 feet of the strange craft, saw two "men" adjacent to it wearing white suits, who jumped in and roared away when they noticed Zamora.

Craft Zoomed Away
Zamora said the craft headed due west at an altitude of about 20 feet for nearly a mile, then increased speed rapidly and vanished straight up.

Spokesmen for military installations in the area said they could account for no unusual manifestation from any testing going on at their bases, but said the reports were being investigated.

A party from Stallions Site on White Sands Missile Range visited the landing site Saturday morning, took soil samples and submitted a report to higher authorities.

The Holloman spokesman said he had made a report on the sighting to higher echelons, but neither White Sands nor Holloman would comment further on what they considered physical evidence at the site indicated some unusual occurrence.

Area Sighting Of Flashy
A report to State Police here Saturday at 10 a.m. by a motorist on Highway 70 said an "object" had been seen to go down in the vicinity of Round Mountain east of Tularosa, but no particular search of the area was made. It was not known if the occurrence was connected.

SO OBJECT REP.


- page 149 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

The El Paso Times
Saturday, April 24, 1965

Policeman Recalls Night
Which Changed His Life

By JAKE BOOHER
Associated Press Writer

Socorro, N.M. Socorro Policeman Lonnie Zamora now watches nights so he can sleep.

One year ago Saturday Zamora investigated what sounded like an explosion in the hills of Socorro, towards the end of the afternoon shift.

What he found kept him awake nights so he transferred to a UFO investigation.

As far as unidentified flying objects (UFO's) go, said the Air Force UFO investigator, Allen Hynek of Northwestern University, "This is one of the classic cases." He said he was puzzled then even after investigation.

"It was more frightening than anything that could happen," he says. "You get into a state and you're scared. But it's over, it's over. But can't forget."

An agent I couldn't sleep and came home from work and sat for hours thinking about it.

The 31-year-old father of two others of about 2,000 received no personal injury when he doesn't even know the term "flying saucer" enough to last a time.

"I didn't see a flying saucer. I don't even know what one would look like."

The experience has had an effect on the officer. He will not now try to keep some of the things with him while on duty. He had just let his partner use their patrol car for dinner.

Two figures in white were outside the vehicle. Then, a big noise started and (the UFO) came up and he said (there). I could hear a loud humming, bing, bing. I didn't know whether to start running or call back for help. I crouched...

[Note: Some text appears to be partially obscured or cut off in the image]


- page 150 -

Socorro to Use Flying Object
As Tourist Catch

SOCORRO (AP) — One year a Saturday, Socorro police, a Lonnie Zamora reported seeing an unidentified flying object on a lonely hill just south of town.

Among results were:
- Area investigation, substantiating almost daily inquiries of the country, and declaration by an official International Lunar Society.
- For Zamora, however, past year can be summed in one sentence: "If I can just forget about my job, I'll go away."

The 31-year-old father of two explained that he had to report his working hours changed, has answered 1,000 letters of 2,000 from people who doesn't know and has coined the term "flying saucer" to last a lifetime.

He appealed to the Socorro newspaper last month to publish an article clarifying what it would look like; he says the object was about to be tracked to a 10 p.m. 8 a.m. when, because he couldn't sleep — I would continue from work and hit up others thinking about it.

More Frightening
It was more frightening than anything that could happen after, he said. "You let me in battle and you're scared once it's over, it's over. You can't forget."

Zamora said he tries to get someone with him when he tells the story, but he can't get his partner out of the patrol car for dinner when he gave chase to a speeding car.

He heard what sounded like the officer of six years experience said.

"If I had run down there I could have seen a lot more."

Said: "But I took my time."

"Then a big noise started (the UFO) came up and hovered there. I could hear a big bang."

Called For Help
"I didn't know whether to shoot, start running or call for help."

He crouched down behind a car.

Zamora said he called help and State Police Sgt. S. Chavez came with two others.

By the time he would have seen it, more said.

"I wanted to keep it quiet," Zamora said, "but things like this should never happen again." I'll know what it was.

That evening the FBI, Air Force and other police officers were on the scene.

"I thought at first that it was some kind of Air Force plane," he said, "because the Air Force was charge of everything and was so busy. Now I don't know what it was."

Close To Fame
But regardless of how much he wants to forget it.

A tourist clerk Ray Senn said.

The road to the site, almost impassible last year, has been graded. Posters are being planned by the chamber of commerce for placement within Socorro businesses to alert tourists to the town's claim to fame.

A portion of a movie on UFO's was filmed earlier this year at Socorro. Much of the town's hope for additional tourist dollars is based on this film, which is based on this film, which Studio of Holly-

(Some text is illegible or cut off at the edges of the document)


- page 151 -

Radar Tie-In Sought To UFO Report

DAYTON, OHIO, HERALD, APRIL 30, 1964

(Text is partially cut off and some words are illegible)

One of the things that bothers the scientist investigating New Mexico's unidentified flying object reports for the Air Force is lack of mention of radar contact.

"It's my understanding New Mexico's inflated, with a radar equipment," an astronomer who is a UFO expert said.

(Rest of the text is partially obscured, but appears to discuss the Socorro report and attempts to correlate it with radar data)

The article mentions investigating the Socorro report, comparing it with another incident in New Mexico, and seeking radar confirmation. There are references to Dr. Hynek and discussions about the credibility of the reports.

The bottom of the page is numbered "113".


- page 152 -

Sergeant Probing
Saucer Report

A Wright-Patterson AFB investigator is on a team probing the sighting of a flying saucer in Socorro, N.M. it was reported today.

T/Sgt. David Moody, WPAFB expert in unidentified flying objects, found no evidence of radio-active material in the desert where the strange object was seen Friday night by Socorro policeman Lonnie Zamora.

POLICE AND military men seem inclined to believe Zamora.

"Zamora is a very reliable witness," said Army Capt. Richard T. Yolder, uprange commander of The White Sands Station range, whose headquarters is near the central New Mexico town.

The policeman spotted an egg-shaped object on the desert about a mile south of Socorro.

THERE WERE no signs of life around it; but when he approached it, the object rose and flew slowly away until it faded from sight, he reported.

Sgt. Moody and other Air Force investigators found a bush which supposedly was burned by exhaust from the saucer, and evidence of four depressions in the ground.

ZAMORA SAID the machine was supported by four girders.

Nearby Air Force bases reported they had no objects in the air that are similar to the machine Zamora saw.

Government agencies are continuing their investigation, Holder said.

Six Cars Derails;
Rip Mile of Track

COLUMBUS, O., Apr. 27 — Six cars of a Pennsylvania railroad freight train derailed at the Orange Rd. crossing on the Delaware-Franklin county line early today, tearing up about a mile of track.

There were no injuries. Cause of the accident was not known immediately. The Ohio Highway patrol said at least one crossing probably would remain closed most of the day.


- page 153 -

ASTRONOMER TO NEW MEXICO

Flying Objects Area Probed

SOCORRO, N.M.—(P)—An Wright-Patterson Air Force astronomer from the Dearborn Observatory at Northwestern University was here today to examine the secluded hill where a Socorro policeman reports seeing a mysterious, eggshaped flying object.

Dr. J. Allen Hynek, the special unidentified flying object consultant to the Air Force, was sent to New Mexico after a series of reports of sightings of unidentified flying objects in the state.

He planned to visit the place where officer Lonnie Zamora said he spotted the object Friday.

Zamora said the object was a brilliant white with a red marking on it ... an upside down V with lines across the top, through the middle and at the bottom.

He said that from a distance there appeared to be two figures in white coveralls outside the object. It flew off with a roar when he approached, he said.

Since Zamora's sighting, at least six reports have been made to authorities, including one from a youth who said he fired several shots at something about 100 feet in the air near Moriarity.

T. Sgt. David Moody of the Aerial Phenomena Branch at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio is in New Mexico to assist Hynek, a Wright-Patterson spokesman said.

Hynek said his investigation in Socorro will determine whether he will visit Espanola, where a state police captain, Martin Vigil, found the ground still smouldering 20 hours after a reported sighting.

Authorities found scorched grass and four wedge-shaped indentations in the ground at the Socorro site and near Espanola.

(In Washington, the Air Force said its investigation of the reported sighting is "routine" and it will release the results of the investigation when it is complete.)

Handwritten note at bottom of page: 3 minutes 36 of our miles = 120 mph/s


- page 154 -

Here is the text from the document:

SOURCE: ALBUQUERQUE JOURNAL                                SOCORRO NEW MEXICO
DATE: 30 APRIL 1964                                        24 APR 1964

'Talked With Occupants'

Man Here Claims He Saw Saucers 5 Times

By MARTIN PASKIND
"I don't know why they picked me," said Apollinar A. Villa Jr. "I'm just an ordinary working man - just a mechanic.

"They said there was a purpose. What it is, I don't know."

Five times in about five years, says "Paul" Villa, he has seen flying saucers. Twice, he has talked to their occupants.

And once, he says, he returned with a roll of film. If Villa is the victim of fantasy, it's fantasy in Kodacolor.

Villa, 47, lives with his son and daughter-in-law in a trailer behind 601 N 1s gars NE, Born in Tigers, he attended Longfellow Elementary School, and Lincoln Junior High School.

He quit during his first year at Albuquerque High School. All Army. Air Force. A mechanic, Villa works for N.C. Ribble and Co., here.

"They're the real thing," he says. "There are a lot of things I can't say - because nobody would believe it. But the pictures are the real thing."

Villa who is not surprised at recent saucer sightings, took his pictures with a Japanese camera the last time he saw the saucers, he said. Last June 16, he said, he spent from 2:30 to 4 in the afternoon with the people - men and women - borne by the space machine.

The saucers' occupants, said Villa, were not superhuman. But they were superior in qualities, and in quality of knowledge.

Expect Volcanic Activity
Saucer crewmembers, he said, expect a large-scale renewal of volcanic activity along the volcano rim just west of here. And they expect it soon.

This year, they expect catastrophic war between Russia and China - a war that will involve many Asian nations.

Why hasn't Villa sought a place of safety? "We can't get away from what God has decreed for us," he said.

Villa's said his first saucer sighting came on the West Coast, when he conversed with the occupant of a small saucer.

Twice, the devices hovered over his home, then at 4187 Bath NE. The second time, his home was burned, Villa said. The burning was for disciplinary reasons.

Sightings Near Lindrith
Once Villa sighted a saucer near Lindrith. This was the largest - about 900 feet in diameter.

Peralta was about 160 feet across, Villa said.

From it stepped a number of people from the far-distant galaxy of Coma Berenices.

In the meeting, and in telepathic contacts before and since, Villa said he acquired fragments of the starmen's knowledge.

It was his effort to convert parts of his knowledge to his own profit, says Villa, that resulted in a stream of ill fortune. His home burned - totally and without insurance. He shot himself in the arm.

"They seemed to be friendly people," he said. "There were lots of things they had answers for. They were very friendly - sort of people."

Friendliness notwithstanding, Villa in no doubt about what would happen should he persist in efforts to duplicate their devices.

"Villa said the starmen are interested in New Mexico because of a magnetic fault in Farmington - their ships travel 'magnetic lines'."

"They put a lot of stress on New Mexico and parts of Arizona and Utah," he said. "They mentioned something about volcanoes."

Clothed in tight-fitting one-piece uniform, the starmen made an attractive crew. And what did they think of us? "Their opinion is not bad or good," Villa said. "Not will they attempt to save the human race from itself."

"They know that there is a super intelligence that covers all the universe and everything in it," he said.


- page 155 -

SOURCE: ALBUQUERQUE JOURNAL
DATE: 29 APR 64

SOCORRO, NEW MEXICO
24 Apr 64

Air Force UFO Expert to Check 'Saucer' Reports

SOCORRO (A) - Dr. J. Allen Hynek, special unidentified flying object consultant for the Air Force, arrived in Socorro Tuesday night to begin his investigation of a Socorro policeman's report that he saw a mysterious flying object last Friday.

Dr. Hynek said he hoped to talk to the policeman, Lonnie Zamora, and then visit the site where Zamora said he saw the object this morning.

Dr. Hynek, of the Dearborn Observatory at Northwestern University, said he would decide whether to visit Espanola, where another object was reportedly spotted over the weekend, after his investigation of the Socorro incident.

He said he had not been advised by the Air Force if his presence here indicates that the government has eliminated the possibility of U.S. aircraft having caused the report.

Capt. Hector Quintanilla, chief of the Aerial Phenomena Branch at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, said T. Sgt. David Moody of the office already was in New Mexico and would assist Dr. Hynek in the investigation.

Fired at Object

The most recent report of the "objects" came early Tuesday morning from State Policeman Tommy Richardson of the US-66 community of Moriarty.

He said he had a call from Don Adams of Edgewood, near Moriarty, who told of seeing an object about 10 feet off the ground. He said the object appeared to be a fluorescent jet.

Adams told the officer he drove his car under the object and then said the youth reported he then got out and fired at the object, reloaded and fired again.

The report was another in a series which have kept New Mexico and military authorities busy since Zamora's original report Friday. The reports came from points following a line from south of Truth or Consequences to an area near Espanola.

Expert to Check 'Saucer' Reports
Continued From A-1

Research Organization said she believes intelligent beings from another planet have made several landings in New Mexico in the past few days.

"We are convinced the Socorro landing collection, as well as what he said he saw," Coral Lorenz, the director, said after her return from investigating the reported landing of a UFO near Socorro.

Mrs. Lorenz said the object described at Socorro, the northwest of Espanola early Sunday was similar to one she was investigating. She said the organization was formed by Mrs. Lorenz, the director of Phenomenal Research.

and she says it now has nearly 800 members around the world. She says there are some 6-12 landing incidents a year and she believes they are made by beings from another planet.

A sea water desalting plant from San Diego to Guantanamo Bay will produce 750,000 gallons of fresh water daily.


- page 156 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SOURCE: THE ALBUQUERQUE TRIBUNE
DATE: 28 APR 64

SOCORRO NEW MEXICO
DATE: 24 APR 64

Believes Intelligent Beings on UFOs Sighted in State

TUCSON, Ariz.-April 28 (JP) - Discoveries were "paw prints," "almost identical" in size, making, running, characteristics and landing gears, to those of a landing vehicle from another planet have been made recently in New Mexico, in the past few days.

Mrs. Carol Lorenzon, director of the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization, turned-from investigating the reported landing of an unidentified object in Socorro, M. M., last Friday.

"We are convinced the Socorro report belongs in the category of a true UFO," she said today. "We have investigated many such incidents."

Mrs. Lorenzon said she saw an egg-shaped object about 30 feet long and a base of "blue" flame. Then the object flew off.

Mrs. Lorenzon said other sightings have been reported in New Mexico in the past few days and are investigating them.

The Aerial Phenomena Research Organization was formed by Mrs. Lorenzon in 1952. She said it now has near 12,000 members around the world.

She claims there are six to 12 landing incidents a year and she believes they are made by beings from another planet.

A Tucson woman who does research in unidentified flying objects believes intelligent beings on another planet have made several "landing" incidents well as "landing gear" in New Mexico.

Photos Mailed
The associate director of Interplanetary Intelligence of Unidentified Flying Objects said from his Oklahoma City office that pictures of an UFO sighted in 1956 by a ship board radio officer were being mailed to Zamora.

The photos were taken by T. Earl Beard the USS Ramsey UFO officer. Hayden Field, the "UFO officer," said the photos were taken with no military officials at Kirtland and Holloman Air Force bases.

Meanwhile, military officials at White Sands Missile Range investigated the sighting, with no conclusive results.

A rush of unidentified flying object sightings in New Mexico State Police, local law enforcement agencies and military installations today.

No less than six "authentic" sightings have been reported since Friday when Socorro Policeman Lonnie Zamora sighted an egg-shaped object which roared off the ground, leaving deep impressions and patches.

Fired 12 Shots
Don Adams of Edgewood said he fired 12 shots at an "object" early today as he was whitting the UFO as it was hearing the bullets noticed from it.

Meanwhile, to relocation, the object moved northwestward. He was unable to determine whether the object was the same thing Zamora described as being a light green color, about 20 feet long, 30 feet long, and silent. He said it hovered about 100 feet directly over his head.

Edgewood is about 30 miles east of Albuquerque.

A few hours earlier, a motorist in the Las Vegas area, apparently landed near the station, said the man asked the radio station. Employees of the station said the man was afraid of being laughed at.

Police also received similar reports Sunday from a Santa Fe man ... Orlando Gallegos, who told of seeing an egg-shaped metal object near Las Madres, about 50 miles north of Santa Fe. He told of seeing numerous jets around the bottom of the object as it took off.

State Police Capt. Martin Vigil, who checked out the incident, said "There was definitely something there."

Other reports came from an Albuquerque motorist who saw a "silver looking" object near Truth or Consequences, two men driving in the La Madres area and a Socorro and La Madres report, burned, land was found.


- page 157 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

a. Mr Zamora stopped his car while he was still talking on the radio and started to get out. He finished his conversation with the sheriff's office and proceeded towards where the object was. He then heard a roar, a very loud roar but not like a jet, which was of low frequency and then rose in frequency and very very loud. At the same time that the roar was heard he saw a flame. The flame was under the object. Object started to go straight up, slowly. Object rose slowly and flame was coming from the bottom. The color was light blue and sort of orange, but he saw no smoke. However, there was just in the immediate area. As soon as Mr. Zamora saw the flame and heard the roar he turned and ran away from the object. He jumped his leg on the back fender of his auto, lost his glasses, fell to the ground, got up and ran back. From the object for at least another 50 feet. He fell to the ground and covered himself like an ostrich, expecting the object to blow up. The roar lasted for 10 seconds.

b. When there was complete silence, he lifted his head and saw the object going away from him. The object appeared to go straight up, he at altitude of 15 feet and proceeded slowly towards the dynamite shed where it cleared the shack by what appeared to be three feet. Object traveled six miles in three minutes.

c. Mr Zamora went back to his car and asked the radio operator at the station to look out the window and see if he could spot the object. The radio operator failed to spot the object, because he was facing north and could not see the object from this angle.

d. Mr Zamora claims that the object had no flame whatsoever at it was flying over the ground and he could see no smoke.

e. After the object had left the area, Sgt Chavez of the New Mexico State Patrol arrived at the scene. Sgt Chavez claims that Mr. Zamora was perspiring and very white, very pale. Sgt Chavez and Mr. Zamora saw a burning, brush and proceeded to the spot where the object first rose.

f. Mr Zamora claims that the object had two legs planted outward, towards the ground and he claims that the object was distinctly heard possibly emitting or opening a door.

2. It is my belief that Mr. Zamora is telling the truth; and that he did in fact see an unusual object which probably belongs to one of the services. There is no indication that this vehicle which Mr. Zamora saw came from outer space, now or ever.


- page 158 -

SOURCE: THE ALBUQUERQUE TRIBUNE
DATE: 27 APR 64                                                SOCORRO, NEW MEXICO
                                                                24 Apr 64

'Flying Bathtub'
Seen by Motorist
SOCORRO, April 27 (JP) —
Socorro police were called to
the scene last night when an
officer reportedly seeing a
strange, flying object and a
later motorist reported a
silvery object in the air near
Caballo Reservoir.

Officer Bill Pyland said a
girl-school-age gave her name
reported a fire in the hilly
area some mile southwest of
Socorro.

Officer Lonnie Zamora,
while patrolling in his car
Friday, said he saw an egg-
shaped object land in a draw.
When he approached, he said,
the object flew away with a
roar.

Pyland said the girl, about
18, said she was from 300 to
500 feet from the fire and
she thought there was some-
thing in the flames.

Pyland said men searched
the area described by the
girl but found nothing. He
said the fire would visit
area by daylight, nothing
would be different to find any
exact spot at night in the
burning desert terrain sur-
rounding Socorro.

Representatives of the mil-
itary and other officers who
visited the spot where Zamora
saw the object land found
burned brush and scorched

earth. They also found four
impressions in the earth, apparently left by landing gear.
The motorist, who identified
himself to Pyland as George
Mitropolis of Albuquerque,
said that while driving north
from El Paso he saw a "silver looking object go up, over
a mountain, and down" out
of sight.

Mitropolis said there was
another car ahead of him
when he first saw the object.
"I caught up with them
(the other car) and stopped
them because I wanted to
know if they had seen it too.
There were two young men
but they denied seeing anything."

He said he first reported it
to Truth or Consequences officers, "but they just told me to
talk it out of it and told me to
tell it to Socorro police because they had reported something like it."

Mitropolis said he felt
better when he learned in Socorro that others had seen a
similar object.

"No, I hadn't read about
the other one before," he said.
He said he was near the
junction of U. S. 85 and New
Mexico 180 and the object appeared to be about a quarter
of a mile to the east. He said
it looked like "an upside down
bathtub" about 50 feet in diameter. It had no lights.

See FLYING, Page A-2

[Photograph of Officer Lonnie Zamora with caption: "Officer Lonnie Zamora Saw 'Object' Here"]

A Vermont NE resident today told The Tribune she and a friend saw a strange silvery object flying over the State Fairgrounds last Thursday afternoon.

The resident, who asked that her name not be published, said the object was definitely not an airplane. She and her friend were in a car traveling south on San Pedro between 3:30 and 4 p.m. when they saw the UFO.

She said that the object was more or less egg shaped, similar to the description given by Socorro Officer Lonnie Zamora of an object he saw land near Socorro.


- page 159 -

Here is the text from the document:

SOURCE: ALBUQUERQUE JOURNAL
DATE: 29 APR 64

Girl Says She Was Burned
While Watching UFO Here

By STAFF SMOTTERS
A teen-ager unidentified
[rest of first paragraph illegible]

Latest incidents include:
- A report from a 10-year-
old girl that she was burned
while watching a strange object in the sky yesterday afternoon.

- A report from a truck driver and his wife that they saw two mysterious objects in the sky between here and Socorro.

The rash of incidents started Friday when a policeman saw a UFO take off south of Socorro. UFO experts from different parts of the country are in New Mexico to investigate.

Suffering eyes, nose and face, young yesterday afternoon was Sharon Stull, one of five children of Mr. and Mrs. Wm L. Stull of 1409 Wilmoore.

On Lowell School Ground
She said she gazed at a UFO for five or 10 minutes before 12:30 p.m. on Lowell School ground after lunch at home.

Mrs. Stull, with her children, noticed her draw silvery object from lunch at home. After 1 p.m., while in class, she noticed burning sensations and her mother believes she was burned while looking at something in the sky.

Sharon said she was not far from the sun while watching the UFO, an airplane and having no ill effects at first.

With watery, spreading eyes, she would never had a sunburn, she said.

Mrs. Fatkin, 8, says she talked to the girl's mother and continue to watch.

Sharon was treated by a doctor and was kept in bed at home yesterday with her blinds drawn.

[Continued text in center column]

Sharon Stull in Bed Today

Sharon's doctor said it is diagnosis is conjunctivitis of both eyes and first-degree sunburn under the eyes and on the nose, adding:

"The sun exposure she had yesterday would usually be considered insufficient to cause the burns and inflammation. She was extremely concerned and frightened over the incident."

Mrs. Stull said two other children watched it briefly.

[Continued text in right column]

One official said it would be possible in some areas to track a UFO to see where it goes, if they received a report from a responsible agency immediately after a sighting.

Radar sightings have to be on a direct line and can be blocked by mountains, making low-altitude radar tracking difficult, sometimes, he advised.

The Weather Bureau, FAA and Kirtland AF Base said there were no balloons or other strange-appearing objects in the sky here, to their knowledge, at the time Sharon saw what she did.

SOCORRO N M
24 Apr 1964


- page 160 -

Pentagon Interested

Socorro Officer Saw Two
Men Step Out of Big UFO

SOCORRO, April 25 (A) — sions were irregularly spaced with the distance be-
A report by a Socorro po- tween them varying from
liceman that he saw an egg- about nine feet to 15 feet.
shaped flying object land He estimated the length of
near here yesterday has the object at about 15 feet
FBI and military authori- from the position of what
ties interested. apparently were landing

Officer Lonnie Zamora near legs.
did not only saw the Zamora said men who
object but also saw two oc- identified themselves as
cupants who alighted after Army Intelligence at the
it landed about one mile White Sands Missile Range
southwest of Socorro, took samples of the soil.
in a draw.

State Police Sgt. Sam
Chavez said he received a
call from the Pentagon and
their caller indicated the
site would be inspected by
someone from Washington.

As Officer Zamora tells
his experience:

While in his patrol car
about 5:50 p.m. yesterday
he heard what he thought
was an explosion in the area
where a dynamite shack
is located. He drove to within 150 yards of the draw
where he spotted what appeared to be an overturned
car. Moving closer he saw
two figures moving about
outside the vehicle.

One looked directly at
him. As Zamora moved
closer he lost sight of the
object behind a hill.

He continued 'driving' to
the draw and parked. He
walked to within 200 feet
of the object and again heard
a roar. Taking cover behind
his car, Zamora saw the object of brilliant white metal,
rise and hover about 20
feet off the ground. It then
flew off to the west, rising
gradually.

"I was scared," said Azamora, when he heard the
deep roar. "I thought it
was going to blow up."

Zamora said he called
Sgt. Chavez on his car
radio. Chavez joined him
and both approached the
site of the apparent landing. They found scorched
ground and burned weeds.

They also found four 45inch depressions in the
ground, which apparently
had supported a heavy ob-

ly landed there," Chavez
said.

Zamora was described as
a man not given to imagining things.

Besides the landing gear
marks, Zamora said he
found what appeared to be
two round prints like heel
marks. Another man who
visited the site described
the marks as looking like
mountain lion pad marks.

An FBI agent visited the
spot this morning.


- page 161 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UFO Witness
Sighs at Reports
Continued From A-1

produce the situation de-
scribed in the report," Holder
said.

Zamora said the craft clear-
ed a dynamic shack by only
a couple of feet as it depart-
ed. He lost sight of it within
a matter of minutes, he
claimed.

He noticed the object after
he investigated a cloud of
smoke about a mile south of
Socorro. He was aware of the
dynamite shack in the vicini-
ty and thought at first it ex-
ploded, he said.

The 'craft' was in a draw
not visible from main roads.
He first saw it from about
200 yards and thought it was
an overturned car. He said
he saw what appeared to be
a pair of white coveralls, but
whether anything was in them
he did not know.

Within 100 Feet

He eventually got within
about 100 feet, and it was
then Zamora said he noticed
it was something out of the
ordinary.

"It had red lettering of some
kind on the sides," Zamora
said. He said the object was
on the ground, supported by
four struts-like legs.

At the site, four tire tracks
inch depressions were found
as well as a couple of round
tracks about four inches in
diameter which officers theo-
rized might have been made
by occupants of the craft.
They even went so far as to
estimate by the depressions
that the tracks were made
by a being of approximately
120-160 pound.

On the spot where the ob-
ject supposedly sat was a
concrete-area bush, most of it
burned bare by exhaust heat.
Zamora said it was still smok-
ing several minutes after the
craft's departure.

Leslie J. Lorenzen, a mem-
ber of the Aerial Phenomena
Research Organization, drove
to Socorro from Tucson to
take samples of the soil and
indicated the story was credi-
ble to him.

"Reliable people are seeing
incredible things," Lorenzen
said. "Similar things have
happened all over the world
and certain details correlate."


- page 162 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

ALBUQUERQUE JOURNAL
27 APR 1964

Won't Tell Soul Next Time
UFO Witness Sighs
At Reports of What
He Supposedly Said

By CHARLES RICHARDS
SOCORRO (UPI) -- A policeman who gained sudden national attention Friday after he saw an egg-shaped flying object near Socorro said Sunday his experience had taught him something.

Socorro policeman Lonnie Zamora said he would turn around and run, just like he did Friday evening, but next time he'd never qualify it.

"There have been so many phone calls," he sighed. And most of Sunday he spent shaking his head over some of the reports of what he supposedly said about the incident.

"Maybe you'd better ask some of these other guys," Zamora told reporters. "I'm the only one who saw it, but they seem to know more about it than I do."

Denies Seeing Creatures
Zamora denied he had seen any little creatures around the object and said the unusual machine rose off the ground and flew slowly away in a southwesterly direction until it faded out of sight. It never got more than about 20 feet off the ground, while he was watching, Zamora said, contrary to reports of the object and supposed speed.

Termed 'Fantastic'
Capt. Richard T. Holder, a White Sands Missile Range commander, termed the incident "fantastic" but referred to Zamora as a reliable witness.

The image shows a newspaper page with a photograph of several men, presumably law enforcement officers, standing together. The headline is about a UFO sighting by a police officer named Lonnie Zamora in Socorro, New Mexico.


- page 163 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UFO Sighting Re-Enacted; No Help to Scientist

SOCORRO (R - An Air site of ignition of a burnt certainly have been witnessed by the
re consultant on under- unit powerful enough to lift a vehicle the size Zamora reported.
man Lonnie Zamora re- ported.
Dr. Hynek said he was also
porting of a UFO in Socorro puzzled by lack of radar con-
last Friday.
tacts with objects that have
The consultant, Dr. J. Allen been reported.
nek, said after the re-en- "It's my understanding New
actment, that he could draw Mexico is infested with radar
conclusions on what Zam- equipment," he said. "I'm go-
ora saw and was "more ing to check to see if there
puzzled than I was when I have been radar contacts that
arrived here."
might be into these reports."
Dr. Hynek returned to al- Usually one finds many
buquerque Wednesday after- contradictions or omissions in
noon and departed for the these reports," Dr. Hynek
East by plane.
said. "But Mr. Zamora's
Zamora reported seeing an story is simply told, certainly
egg-shaped object fly away told without any intent to per-
from a drive last Friday eve- petrate a hoax. The story of
ning. Other reports have told course was told by a man
varied.
who obviously was frightened
After the re-enactment, bodily by what he did see. He
never, Dr. Hynek said, was certainly have been witnesses

with the Air Force and other
international reports of down
balls and meteorites. "But
we are not personally involved in the investigation of
these unidentified flying objects," Dr. LaPaz said. "But
I do want to say that I have
had contacts with Mr. Zamora
in my work and he is a
thoroughly dependable observer."

Dr. Hynek said he found
little at the Socorro site.
"The area certainly has
been thoroughly messed up by
the tourists. There's nothing
there now."

He said soil samples had
been taken to "see if there
are any particles in the ashes
or at the site that might be
foreign to this area."

Dr. Hynek said that a re-

"No one in the Air Force
even suggested that nothing
should be said about the
markings," he said.

Dr. Hynek also was asking
universities in the state, a
key investigator of any geophysical
group work in the state.

"These people often have
some strange type of vehicles
and aircraft they use in these
rugged areas when taking
radioactive samples," he said.

A 10-year-old Albuquerque
girl was treated Tuesday
night for what her mother
told police were "infra-red"
burns received when she looked up at a "flying saucer."

Dr. Hynek said he went to the
girl's home Wednesday. He
said she appeared to be suffering from sunburn or a skin
infection.

Is This the Answer?

U. S. Government aircraft
flying at low levels along
U.S. 66 and U.S. 126 taking
photographs with powerful
electronic flash equipment
during the last week, may
be part of the answer to the
rash of "flying saucers"
seen in New Mexico.

The jet airplanes were
taking the photos during
both day and night times
from Albuquerque west to
Kingman, Ariz., and from
Denver west to Casa Grande, Ariz., up until Sunday,
according to a Kirtland AFB
Base spokesman.

Saturday night one of the
Kirtland - based jets flew
over Albuquerque with its
bright "strobe" (electronic
flash) mills flashing on and
off every second and lighting up a large area below.
It each time will a
almost black light.

The "saucer" sighting
began Friday when a Socorro policeman said he saw an
egg-shaped object a short
distance from the town.
Since then several reports
have been forwarded to police and military authorities.


- page 164 -

SOURCE: THE ALBUQUERQUE TRIBUNE
DATE: 29 Apr 64

SOCORRO NEW MEXICO
24 Apr 64

Flying Object
Expert Checks
Socorro Scene
Astronomer
Takes Photos
At UFO Site

[Partial text due to image quality]

To Analyze Soil...
Dr. Hynek told Radio Station KSRC in Socorro that an analysis of the soil and stones at the spot where the craft was supposed to have landed will be made and the results made public.

[Continued text]

When asked if he thought the aircraft was from another planet, Dr. Hynek said, "You know as well as I do."

Dr. Hynek said he had no knowledge of any objects, such as have been reported, being tracked on radar or by witnesses to the craft.

Zamora said that the craft was sighted with a roar, when he said, he added.

Since Zamora's sighting has been made to authorities including Air Force, several shots at the craft were fired near Moriarty.

[Continued text on right side of page]

Mrs. Coral Lorenzon of Tucson, director of the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization, said yesterday after spending the weekend in Socorro she was "convinced the Socorro policeman saw what he said he saw."

She said the believed intelligent beings from another planet have made several landings in New Mexico in the past few days.

[Additional text continues discussing UFO sightings and reports from various locations]

The Federal Aviation Agency office said a silver twin-engine airplane was flying over the city about the same time but was flying to the southwest.


- page 165 -

Information Only (No Case)
Source: FSIG                                                                                24 April, 1964

Socorro, New Mexico

MORE FROM NEW MEXICO

Socorro . . . El Defensor -- Chieftain (newspaper of the town)
. . . April 28 and 30 . . . published on Tuesdays and Thursdays, carried these details of the Zamora sighting (April 24, 1964):

They were on top of this story almost immediately and the following is briefly what was reported:

He first saw the object from 150 yards. As he drove toward the top of the Mesa, Zamora said one of two persons at the UFO whose back was to him, turned his head and looked straight at him. The two persons appeared to be dressed in white coveralls, and at that distance, Zamora said they appeared to be approximately as tall as a 12-13 year old boy. He did not take notice of headgear worn by the two short "men".

Zamora continued driving up the hill to get a closer look. When he stopped the car on top of the Mesa and directly opposite the place where the UFO had landed, he saw it again; but the persons were not to be seen. He started towards the UFO on foot. Then he heard the roar of blast that had brought him to the scene. He saw flames, and dust was flying around the object. Thinking that the object was about to explode, he threw himself to the ground and covered his head and face. He was a mere 50 feet from the UFO at the time.

When no explosion occurred, he raised his head and saw the object rise straight up 20 feet. As it rose, the roar changed to a white and quieted.

The object maintained this altitude and moved in a straight line for about 2 miles. Then the UFO gradually, and soon became a speck in the sky, and disappeared. Four depressions were found where the object had been. They were 12 in. by 6 in. The two legs were probably 2-1/2 ft. long. On the west side, it was 12 feet between landing holes; on the east, the distance was 15 feet. The width was 9 or more feet. Two round impressions were 4 and 5 inches in diameter respectively.

The newspaper carried a picture taken at the site on the very next day (April 25). Thereafter, the evidence was practically destroyed by the curious, who came in great number.

The Lorenzens of APRO were there soon after and reported their findings in Fate Magazine, July, 1964. Pictures of the impressions were taken and shown in Fate.

Dr. J. Allen Hynak, who visited the site with Zamora said "It's a real pity, but no one's fault that other witnesses did not see the object land or take off. A movie of this would have been priceless. I feel in my own mind that books to ruled out . . ."


- page 166 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AMS BUDGET (550)
NIGHT LEAD UFOS
SOCORRO, N.M., APRIL 29 (AP)--ONE OF THE THINGS THAT BOTHERS THE
SCIENTIST INVESTIGATING NEW MEXICO'S UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
REPORTS FOR THE AIR FORCE IS THE LACK OF MENTION OF RADAR CONTACTS.
"IT'S MY UNDERSTANDING NEW MEXICO IS INFESTED WITH RADAR EQUIPMENT,"
SAID DR. J. ALLEN HYNEK OF NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY, AN ASTRONOMER WHO
IS A SPECIAL CONSULTANT TO THE AIR FORCE. "I'M GOING TO CHECK TO SEE
IF THERE HAVE BEEN RADAR CONTACTS THAT MIGHT TIE INTO THESE REPORTS."
DR. HYNEK VISITED TODAY THE SECLUDED HILL WHERE SOCORRO POLICEMAN
LONNIE ZAMORA REPORTED SEEING AN EGG-SHAPED OBJECT FLY AWAY FROM A DRAW
LAST FRIDAY EVENING. OTHER REPORTS HAVE FOLLOWED. THE SOCORRO REPORT
AND ANOTHER AT LA MADERA IN NORTHERN NEW MEXICO WERE SIMILAR IN THAT
STATE AND MILITARY AUTHORITIES CONFIRMED A SCORCHED AREA WHERE THE
WAS SUPPOSED TO HAVE LANDED, AND WEDGE-SHAPED IMPRESSIONS THAT AP-
PEARED TO HAVE BEEN LEFT BY SOME TYPE OF LANDING GEAR.
HE WOULD NOT OFFER AN OPINION ON JUST WHAT ZAMORA DID SEE.
HE SAID HE HAD INVESTIGATED MANY SUCH SIGHTINGS BUT "THIS IS ONE OF
THE CLEAREST, NO CONTRADICTIONS OR OMISSIONS I'VE SEEN SO FAR AS I
"USUALLY ONE FINDS MANY CONTRADICTIONS OR OMISSIONS IN THESE
REPORTS," DR. HYNEK SAID. "BUT MR. ZAMORA'S STORY IS SIMPLY TOLD,
CERTAINLY TOLD WITHOUT ANY INTENT TO PERPETUATE A HOAX. THE STORY OF
COURSE WAS TOLD BY A MAN WHO OBVIOUSLY WAS FRIGHTENED BADLY BY WHAT
HE DID SEE. HE CERTAINLY MUST HAVE SEEN SOMETHING."
ZAMORA'S RELIABILITY AS A WITNESS WAS SUPPORTED BY DR. LINCOLN
LAPAZ OF THE UNIVERSITY OF NEW MEXICO WHO HAS AN INTERNATIONAL
REPUTATION IN RUNNING DOWN REPORTS ON FIREBALLS AND METEORITES.
"I WOULD FIRST POINT OUT THAT WE ARE NOT PERSONALLY INVOLVED IN
THE INVESTIGATION OF THESE UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS," DR. LAPAZ SAID
TODAY. "BUT I DO WANT TO SAY THAT I HAVE HAD CONTACTS WITH MR. ZAMORA
FOR 15 YEARS IN MY WORK AND HE IS A THOROUGHLY DEPENDABLE OBSERVER."

A93AQ
DR. HYNEK SAID HE FOUND LITTLE AT THE SOCORRO SITE.
"THE AREA CERTAINLY HAS BEEN THOROUGHLY MESSED UP BY THE TOURISTS.
THERE'S NOTHING TO SEE THERE NOW."
HE SAID SOIL SAMPLES HAD BEEN TAKEN TO "SEE IF THERE ARE ANY
PARTICLES IN THE ASHES OR AT THE SITE THAT MIGHT BE FOREIGN TO THIS
AREA."
DR. HYNEK ALSO WAS INTERESTED IN THE WEDGE-SHAPED IMPRESSIONS.
"FROM THE OBSERVATIONS BY ZAMORA AND OTHER AUTHORITIES THE IMPRES-
SIONS APPARENTLY WERE FRESH." HE SAID. "I JUST WISH WE HAD A PICTURE
OF THEM. BUT WITH ALL THE PEOPLE TRAMPING AROUND THERE, ISN'T
ANYTHING TO SEE NOW."
HE SAID THE LACK OF RADAR CONTACT REPORTS BOTHERED HIM.
"SO OFTEN WE HAVE SUCH A CONTACT AND THEN CAN TRACE THE OBJECT TO
SOME NATURAL PHENOMENA OR AIRCRAFT," HE SAID.
THE SCIENTIST ALSO DISCUSSED THE MARKINGS THAT ZAMORA SAID HE SAW
ON THE SIDE OF THE OBJECT. A RED, INVERSE V WITH BARS THROUGH IT.
"LISTENING TO HIS (ZAMORA'S) DESCRIPTION, THE FIRST THING THAT CAME
TO MY MIND WAS A CATTLE BRAND TYPE OF MARKING. I WISH WE HAD A PICTURE
OF IT. IT DOES NOT RING A BELL AS TO ANY KIND OF INSIGNIA THAT I
AM FAMILIAR WITH."
DR. HYNEK SAID THAT A REPORT THAT THE AIR FORCE HAD ASKED ZAMORA
NOT TO DISCUSS THE MARKINGS WAS FALSE.
"NO ONE IN THE AIR FORCE EVEN SUGGESTED THAT NOTHING SHOULD BE
SAID ABOUT THE MARKINGS," HE SAID.
DR. HYNEK ALSO WAS ASKING UNIVERSITIES IN THE STATE IF THEY KNEW
OF ANY GEOLOGICAL GROUP WORK IN THE STATE.
"THESE PEOPLE OFTEN HAVE SOME STRANGE TYPE OF VEHICLES AND AIRCRAFT
THEY USE IN THESE RUGGED AREAS WHEN TAKING RADIOACTIVE SAMPLES," HE
DR. HYNEK SAID AN APPOINTMENT TOMORROW IN BOSTON WOULD KEEP HIM FROM
VISITING THE SITE NEAR LA MADERA NORTHWEST OF ESPANOLA WHERE A SANTA FE
RESIDENT REPORTED SEEING A SIMILAR CRAFT AND WHERE THE SCORCHED GROUND
AND OTHER REMAINS WERE SIMILAR TO THE SOCORRO SIGHTING.
HE SAID HE WOULD HAVE NO COMMENT ON OTHER PARTS OF ZAMORA'S REPORT
INCLUDING THAT OF SEEING WHAT APPEARED TO BE TWO FIGURES IN WHITE COVER-
ALLS OUTSIDE THE CRAFT.
H309PMS NM


- page 167 -

SOURCE: ALBUQUERQUE JOURNAL
DATE: 28 APR 64

Flying Saucer
Reports Spread
In New Mexico

SANTA FE (UPI) - New Mexico's perennial addiction to flying saucers has taken hold of the state again with more "objects" reported to police over the weekend.

The latest, which brought out the Air Force and the FBI, was spotted early Sunday morning at La Madera, about 50 miles north of Santa Fe. State Police Captain Martin Vigil said, "there was definitely something there."

Orlando Gallegos of Santa Fe told State Police he saw within 200 feet of a huge metallic object that looked like an egg-shaped, bronze tank. He said flames spurted alternately from numerous jets around the bottom of the object. It was as long as a telephone pole and about 14 feet in circumference, he told police.

Gallegos' report came on the heels of a similar report from a Socorro policeman, Lonnie Zamora, who said he spotted an object near Socorro Friday night, Zamora, in clearing up false reports Sunday, said the object rose about 20 feet off the ground and slowly flew away.

Similar reports came from a Socorro teenager, an Albuquerque motorist, and two men driving in the La Madera areas Saturday night. The Albuquerque motorist, George Mitropolis, said he saw a "silver looking" object. It disappeared over a mountain in the Caballo Reservoir area.

In both the Socorro and the La Madera reports the areas where the objects were reported to have landed were scorched and burned. Also found were "paw prints, like a mountain lion's," as well as "landing gear marks" - four impressions in the dirt.

Until the recent sightings, the last unidentified flying object was spotted in New Mexico near Gallup late last year by several motorists. A campus policeman at the University of New Mexico also reported the Gallup object flying in the western sky at the same time.


- page 168 -

