The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with textual information.

DR 7 November 64
CIVILIAN
One
Not Reported
Ground-Visual
Not Reported
N/A
N/A

INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
Form 164 sent to witness. Not returned after 60 days delay.
Case will be researched after receipt of form. Graded as an
INSUFFICIENT DATA case.
The youths observed a flying saucer and its occupants. It
might have been a meteor except for its fantastic speed.
traveled faster than any jet in the sky.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

16 December 1964

Dear Mr. _____,

It is not true that the Air Force withholds or censors any information concerning unidentified flying objects observed by private citizens. The Air Force has directed its observers and researchers to furnish all information concerning such sightings.

Attached is a copy of AF Form 164, which is used for reporting UFO observations. If you wish to submit a report of your sighting, the Air Force will be informed of the circumstances.

Sincerely,

MAJOR M. JACKS
Chief, Historical Branch
Documentation Division
Office of Information

Mr. __________
Braintree 85, Massachusetts

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

P.S.I.A.
NOV. 7 1964

Gentlemen:
Before we start we want to tell you that we respect our countries' Air Force and what it is doing for the defense of our country and the free world.
The organization called NICAP (National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena) has proved to the public that the U.S. Air Force has been withholding information concerning UFO's.
We here in Braintree have sighted the Flying Saucer Investigation Agency for the purpose of discovering hidden information (hidden by USAF) concerning UFO's and exposing it to the public.
We ourselves have seen a flying saucer and the creatures that control it. We know what the saucer may have been a meteorite except for its fantastic speed. 
This "craft" traveled faster than any jet plane that ever passed the sky. Upon your request we will send a detailed report.
We hereby pledge to "work" to our greatest extent to eliminate any and all secrecy regarding UFO's.
Sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically a document with the filename "1964-11-8721788-Baintree-Massachusetts.pdf4.txt".

The text in the document is as follows:

BRAINTREE 65, MASS.
FSIA
DEC 4 1964

United States SAFOI
Air Force
Department on UFOS
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

- page 4 -

