PROJECT 1007 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
9 - 14 - 64

2. LOCATION
Binghamton, New York

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual
□ Air-Visual

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. PHOTOS
Yes

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3-4 Seconds Approx.

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Rpt. by Civilian to ATIC Officials

See Film 7-3745-4636

□ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Intercept Radar

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
See Case File

9. COURSE
See Case File

11. COMMENTS
Will allow passage to ATIC I met 2CL
Sighting to be determined as to
credibility.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
[X] Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown


- page 1 -

Reported UFO - Norwich, New York, 28 July 1964

1. Description of Object
   a. Shape - sphere.
   b. Size - larger than basketball. Estimated diameter as 25-30 feet.
   c. Color - aluminum, metallic.
   d. Number - one.
   e. Formation - N/A
   f. Features - Had a luminous ring surrounding sphere, glowing color.
   g. Tail, trail, etc. - No tail or trail.
   h. Sound - no sound.
   i. Other - none.

2. Description of Course
   a. Observer first saw the object from his automobile as he climbed to the top of a slight rise. He stopped his car and remained inside.
   b. Angle, elevation and azimuth at first observation - southwest at 15°-20° above horizon. Estimated 50' to 60' altitude and 150 to 200 yards from his observation point.
   c. Elevation, azimuth, upon disappearance - same as b. The object remained motionless during observation.

   d. Flight path - motionless.
   e. The object emitted three blinding flashes of light and disappeared, leaving no trace.
   f. Object visible 4 to 5 minutes.

3. Manner of Observation
   a. Type of - visual.
   b. N/A
   c. N/A

4. Date and Time of Sighting
   a. 20/0030.
   b. Light Conditions - dusk, headlights were on.


- page 2 -

5. Location of Observer - 17 miles northwest of Norwich, N.Y. on a little used secondary road in unpopulated, rolling hill country.

6. Identifying Information.
   a. Observer - civilian, 50, _______, Norwich, N.Y. Occupation - Engineering Supervisor. Reliability - nature and doesn't appear to be type who would report inaccurately. No special observation skills.

7. Weather
   a. Observers Account - clear night, some ground fog forming, but not at position of sighting.
   b. No ATS weather data available at Norwich.

8. No unusual activity in the Norwich area at the time of observation.

9. No intercept made.

10. A weather balloon is released at Binghamton at 2200Z each day. This balloon would not be aloft 2+50 after launch (0950Z).

11. It is felt that this report has some validity for the following reasons:
    a. The observer seems reliable.
    b. The observer's description of an object of large size leads to the conclusion that something must have been observed.
    c. The observer stated that he stopped his car, was very frightened and only got out after the object disappeared. However, Norwich is a rural area and no witnesses other than _______ were there to corroborate his story. On the basis of the above information, the investigators are unable to offer a satisfactory analysis.

2 [page number at bottom of document]


- page 3 -

Reported UFO - Binghamton, New York, 29 July 1964

1. Description of Object:
   a. Shape - oval.
   b. Size - basketball.
   c. Color - white/yellow.
   d. Number - one.
   e. Formation - none.
   f. Features - cone shape on top.
   g. Tail, trail, etc. - object trailed a red light.
   h. Sound - none.
   i. Other features - none.

2. Description of Course:
   a. Observers had heard reports of "saucers" and were looking. Stated they looked up and saw it.
   b. Angle, elevation and azimuth at first observation - 60° in the east.
   c. Elevation, azimuth, upon disappearance - disappeared over horizon 10° in west.
   d. Flight Path - moved slowly from east to west over central Binghamton.
   e. Disappeared behind buildings, etc.
   f. Time observed - 5 minutes.

3. Manner of Observation - ground, visual.

4. Date and Time of Sighting:
   a. 20/0320.
   b. Night.

5. Location of Observer - Vine and James Streets, Binghamton, N.Y. (see map).

6. Identifying Information
   a. [Redacted] civilian, 16, [Redacted], Binghamton, N.Y., student.
   b. [Redacted] civilian, 16, [Redacted], Binghamton, N.Y., student.
   c. Estimate of reliability: [Partially obscured]


- page 4 -

7. Weather and Winds

a. Observer's Account - clear.

b. Binghamton sequence 29/0300* - clear, 15 miles visibility.

c. Winds at surface - 320° at 5.

d. No thunderstorms.

e. Temperature at surface - 63°.

f. Winds - 6k 240/18; 10N 220/17; 16N 250/22.

8. Other unusual activity or condition - A bomber type aircraft in the area, and also a US Steel aircraft with strobe type lighting passed over Binghamton at 1030. This type 14 during has a near type V and V4 which stands out notably.

9. Comments. The investigators feel that this report concerns a bomber which passed over the area at the exact time of this report and was confirmed by a military observer (man such S). The information provided by these boys was probably influenced by discussions of UFOs and their desire to see one. It is significant that they made their report to the television news-caster who has been watching national news on 1700, and they did this reportedly 15 minutes after sighting the object by driving to the television studio. In addition, another observer, he was located about 2 miles south and also observed the object as it proceeded westward. He stated that he saw only a small reddish light about the size of a quarter.

2


- page 5 -

Reported UFO - Binghamton, New York, 29 July 1964
This aircraft report is offered as a rebuttal to attachment #2.

1. Description of Object.
   a. Swept-wing bomber type aircraft.
   b. Size - dims.
   c. Color - reddish/light yellow.
   d. Number - one.
   e. Formation - none.
   f. Features - N/A.
   g. Tail, trail, etc. - N/A.
   h. Sound - none.
   i. Other features - N/A.

2. Description of Course
   a. The observer was observing all unusual objects.
   b. Angle, elevation and azimuth at first observation - 33 65° at time of sighting.
   c. Elevation, azimuth, upon disappearance - W 15° at time of disappearance.
   d. Flight path - moved slowly 38 to W.
   e. Disappeared on horizon.
   f. Time observed - visible 5 minutes.

3. Manner of Observation.
   a. Ground visual.
   b. Binoculars used.

4. Date and Time of Sighting
   a. 30/0310x.
   b. Night.

5. Location of Observer - 4 miles north of Binghamton.


- page 6 -

6. Identifying Information
   a. [Redacted] civilian, [Redacted] Binghamton, N.Y., 15 years experience in sky observation. Reliability - excellent.

7. Weather and Winds - see atch #2.

8. Comments: The investigators feel that Mr. Dudine's observation explains the observation in attachment #3. He has kept a detailed log of all sightings and positively identifies the sighting as a swept-wing bomber.

2 (page number at bottom of document)


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF is Querying
UFO Sighters

Two Air Force officers from Griffiss Air Force
Base, Rome, are in the Triple Cities area today, ques-
tioning people who have seen unidentified flying ob-
jects in recent weeks, according to an Air Force
spokesman at Syracuse.

The investigation, scheduled night watching the heavens, and
to continue however, will be reported like they saw only the
reported to the Air Force's Foreign Technology Division during the second half of same-
time of the day. Persons at Wright-mer, and at Project 1608 and the
Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio, Echo 1 and 2 communications
the spokesman said.

IN THE LAST few weeks some TRAFFIC controller for the
area had told the Weather Bureau Federal Aviation Agency at the
at Broome County Airport have Broome airport said it is re-
been bombarded by telephone line for the Air Force, in areas
calls from people who have where there is a rash of UFO
looked up at the sky and seen sightings to send a survey team
strange sights. to report to the Foreign Tech-

Many of the callers have been nology office.
sure that what they saw was The Air survey is be-
not airplanes or ordinary satel- ing made by Capt. Richard T.
lites. Some of them referred to Brown and First Lt. Sidney
the objects as space ships. Holder of the Griffiss operations

A team of another office, according to the Syra-
cuse spokesman, will cross-check these reports.

Daylight UFO
sighting reported

Two Binghamton women yesterday were traveling to Endicott in
the morning when they spotted a UFO travelling close during the daylight hours. Their daylight sighting was at 9:30 a.m.

Mrs. Elsie Klick was going to his job
by a roundabout route in Endicott
along Route 17 when she spotted the
UFO reports
in the Triple Cities area.

Mrs. Anne Austin of 1 Stuart St.
said she and a friend, spotted an
unidentified flying object at 7:58 p.m.
The city street lights went on last
night at 8:30 p.m.

Mrs. Austin said the object
seemed to move like a jet does. It
was traveling in a straight line
from south to north and was not
traveling "too high."

"We waited for it to come over
the tree tops," she said, "but it
just disappeared."

Mrs. Grant H. Klick of Nanticoke
Valley Trailer Court reported
spotting a "very bright, shiny
object" about as big as a bay

Store in Endicott.

The sighting was made "not over
half a block from where I live," she
said.

"There were anything like
a dozen or so of these things like
a moving, like a jet does. It moved
with us slowly, and then it would
stop. It made no sound and had
no lights or windows."

Mr. Klick said he has since
compared what he saw to planes
and dirigibles and rockets. "That
wasn't any of those things," he
said. "I'm mixed up about the
whole thing."


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Plane Trails Flying Saucer in New Report

By LUCILLE NEMOY
Southern Tier Reporter

The "flying saucer" situation in the Southern Tier developed along lines here yesterday, a point by point, Triple Cities businessman offered a detailed description, with a very brief, at first puzzling, similar claims of others that have been spotted by

[Rest of text continues but some parts are partially illegible due to image quality]

Key visible sections include:

• Officials at Griffiss Air Force Base in Rome said they knew nothing.
• They have, however, referred the caller to Weather Bureau at Broome County Airport with a

[The article appears to be about a UFO or "flying saucer" sighting, with multiple witnesses providing descriptions. The text is partially cut off and some sections are difficult to read completely.]

The document appears to be a newspaper article from the 1960s discussing a UFO sighting in the Southern Tier region of New York, with multiple witnesses and official responses from local authorities.


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Another flying saucer?

The Southern Tier seems to be flying host to "flying saucers". Five residents of Binghamton's west side last night reported seeing a somewhat similar object above their homes about 10:55.

Latest reports follow on the heels of a dozen reports of the week's scare across the Tier from Waverly in Tioga County through Chenango County to Binghamton in Broome County.

A KTYJ-TV Agency News cameraman at the William J. Camron Center, Endicott, reported the Southern Tier were clear except for a hazy atmosphere.

At this height, were approximately 1,500 feet, the object was described to be identified, described as a "flying saucer" and was about the size of a small plane.

Flying kind of low, I watched it move about five minutes. It seemed to hover over a nowhere area, then it came back and we watched it until we lost sight of it at 10:55.

There was no more to add. I thought it was a plane, but you can hear a plane. It looked like a nose cone standing straight up. When a plane is flying toward you, heading for Broome County Airport, the lights are at the back. This object was different. You could see the red and green blinking lights, no matter which way it was going.

A spokesman at Broome County Airport said there were no signs of unidentified flying objects on the airport radar. However, he said, the maximum description of the object was 1,500 feet over the flying low, "we couldn't see it anyway," he said.

Monday night sightings were still being reported yesterday. Lt. John Calabrisi and firemen Edward Malone, John McNally and Anthony Winkler of the Binghamton Fire Department, saw an object moving in the eastern sky near the horizon. It traveled from southeast to northwest, Lt. Calabrisi said. He is chairman of the Roberson Memorial Center Astronomical Society.

Whatever the object was, it wasn't a satellite scheduled to pass over the area at 7:50 p.m. Monday, Mr. Calabrisi said he saw the satellite disappear after the other object disappeared.

Was it a falling star? "No," said Mr. Calabrisi, "stars that were reported by a Newark Valley farmer last month and town of Kirkwood children were not like this."

Flying what?

[Bottom section partially illegible]

The photograph shows two individuals looking upward with surprised or intrigued expressions.


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Flying objects light Tier—again!

[First column text begins]
"Hey, there goes a flying saucer!"

To you, from the children brought to Binghamton firemen, were a dozen or so at a fire scene something.

Mrs. Susan Miller of 51 Ivy put the children out on the front porch and said, "Look!"

There girls were sitting on the porch of Phyllis Decker's home at 14 Pearl Ave. They saw something.

Ken Burt, 12, of 15 Merrill St., and his sisters, Mrs. Lois Crandall and her four sisters and two neighbors were watching.

Whatever that "something" is swirled the trees last night over the Oakdale Flying Objects.

[Continues with more details about UFO sightings]

[Second column text continues the story with more witness accounts]

[Bottom half of page has another article titled]
Air Force here to probe
Tier sightings of UFOs

[This section discusses Air Force investigation of UFO sightings in the area, with quotes from officials and witnesses]

The text appears to be a newspaper article about multiple UFO sightings in the Tier area, with various witnesses reporting unusual flying objects, and the Air Force coming to investigate these sightings.


- page 11 -

ON FRIDAY April 24, 1964 at 10 a.m. a man was spreading mackerel in Newark Valley, New York. He proceeded onto a field when a "funny feeling came over me," he said. When he was 150 feet from a certain spot on the field, he suddenly sighted a UFO. The 23 year old man said the ship just suddenly appeared and looked like a long fuel tank, 20 feet long and 15 feet wide, and 4 feet thick. Both ends were rounded off.

The ship had not landed and was hovering a few feet off the ground. Gary approached the ship and put his hand on it. He said that it was just like touching an automobile. He heard a sound like a motor idling. Suddenly 2 little men 4 feet tall dropped to the ground from beneath the ship. They were encased in silvery one-pieced suits. Their

16


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Glowing UFO Seen
By Norwich Man

Press Bureau
Norwich—A Norwich engineering executive told
state police that he saw an elliptical object hovering
near the ground last night.

The report came from Louis
Daubert, 50, of 5 Willard Court,
Norwich, a supervisor in the
engineering department of Norwich Public Service. Daubert
was one of three that Norwich
police residents reported in connection with unusual sky phenomena last night.

Daubert said he observed a
hovering some 30 feet over a
field at Shawler Brook Road,
some three miles from Norwich. Two other witnesses,
Mrs. Max Brace, of 28 Prospect Street, Norwich, reported
that she and her husband
might have seen the same
bright object in the sky at about
7:10 p.m.

She said it was moving "very
slowly" and "stopped" for a
few minutes. Daubert said he
saw it come out at about 3:35 a.m.

Another report described a
bright light in the sky near the
Chenango County shopping
State police at Norwich substational headquarters today said by an Oxford man who was a
resident there.

Mr. Daubert said he was stationed in his car about 9 p.m.
when he saw the object. He
said, he stopped and watched it
for about five minutes. He described it as a round object
some 45 feet in diameter and
said it shined with an intense
cent glow around the outer edge.
Then there were flashes of
light which "mysteriously kind
of just went out," Mr. Daubert
said.

Firemen --
(Continued From Page 17)

Street reported seeing a "bright
yellow flash."

Fire Bureau Lt. John Calabrese, an amateur astronomer,
identified the three firemen as
George Rooks, Anthony Calabrese and Anthony Winker.

He said they were outside of
the Robinson Street fire station
and he was in the office working
when the flying object was displayed.

Rooks said the object, moving in jet fashion and spurting,
was about 10 degrees from the
horizon. Lieutenant Calabrese
said.

THE OBJECT traveled from
the southeast to the northwest,
said Lieutenant Calabrese.

By the time Lieutenant Calabrese got outdoors it was out of
sight, he said.

IT stayed out and watched the
satellite, soon a "pass by" about
five minutes later, Lieutenant
Calabrese said.

City Firemen
Spot Bright
Streak in Sky
Three Binghamton firemen reported they observed a brightly
lighted, fast-moving object in
the sky about 9 o'clock last
night.

And three other Binghamton
area residents said today that
they saw unusual sky phenomena during the evening.

George Rooks, 35, of 1008 Front
Street, Binghamton, observed
an "orange streak" in the sky from near his home
about 8:15 p. m. He said the
streak appeared to cross the
Chenango Shopping center across
the Chenango River, the youth
said.

DOUGLAS SLATER, 14, of
Colesville Road, reported seeing
a "large round silver object with
a red light on the middle." And
Mrs. Paul Daubert of 16 Virgil
(Continued on Page 24)

UFO sighted
SHERBURNE—An unidentified
flying object was reportedly seen
near here last night hovering 50
feet from the ground over an
open field.

Lewis Daubert of 9 Willard St.,
Norwich, said he spotted the object while driving on the Willard
Road. He told reporters that he
watched the object for about 15
minutes before "it shot out three
beams of bright light."

Mr. Daubert was driving with
two of his children to pick up one
of his children when he sighted
the object about 25 feet in diameter. It was about 50 feet from the
ground and stationary in midair.

The object seemed to emit an
aluminum-like glow and was stationary. There was no noise when
it appeared to move off, he added.


- page 13 -

The image appears to be a road map of central New York state. Visible cities and towns include:

Rome
Utica
Syracuse
Binghamton
Oneonta
Watkins

The map shows a dense network of roads and highways connecting various towns and cities. At the top right of the document, there are two words: "FOR" and "CONTINUATION"

The map is black and white and appears to be from an older era, likely from the 1960s based on the filename context.


- page 14 -

Title of the map: "Northern Approaches to New York City"

Legend text (partially visible):
- Some legend entries are present but not fully legible
- The map appears to show various routes and transportation networks

Bottom of the map includes a table/list of locations, with "New York" visible at the start of the list.

Note: This is a road/transportation map showing various routes and towns in the northern approaches to New York City, dated December 1963. The map covers areas in New York state and appears to extend into parts of Ontario, Canada. There are numerous towns and roads marked, with a legend explaining different types of routes and transportation lines.

The map includes a note at the bottom right that says "See main map on other side for legend and scale."


- page 15 -

City of
BINGHAMTON
NEW YORK
DEPARTMENT OF ENGINEERING
1964

The image shows a detailed map of the City of Binghamton, New York, with surrounding towns labeled, including Town of Dickinson, Town of Kirkwood, Town of Conklin, and Town of Binghamton. The map shows street layouts, numbered sections, and appears to be from the Department of Engineering in 1964.


- page 16 -

Case includes 5, 3x7" photos and 1, 32x10" painting.


- page 17 -

Spaceship sighted from Binghamton's South side at 11:15 pm, 29 Jul 64, by Paul Ryan and Bob Nealon


- page 18 -

There is no legible text in this image. The document appears to contain two grayscale photographs or images that are very dark and indistinct, with some slight variations in shading and a few small white or light-colored marks. The images are positioned one above the other on a white background.


- page 19 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph with low contrast, showing what seems to be two objects or shapes against a grainy background, but the details are very difficult to discern due to the poor image quality.


- page 20 -

Wednesday 7/8/64
9:30 PM to 10:45 PM
460 MM ROKKOR LENS F3.6
KASCO SUPER HYPAN FILM 35MM
CONTAX CAMERA WITH WISTLEY,
SHOTS VARY N.E. S.W. MID, NORTH STRAIGHT UP.
EXPOSURE APPROX 3 SEC. VARIES
DETAIL 1-1 5MM - 64"
ECHO #14 +/- AREA AT TIME OF SHOOTING
ECHO #1 SW TO NE - FAST RATE OF SPEED


- page 21 -

The image contains two black and white photographs, one above the other. Each photograph appears to show a similar scene with a light-colored elongated object (possibly a cylindrical or rod-like object) against a grainy, textured background. The photographs look like they might be part of a UFO or unidentified object documentation. No legible text is visible in the image.


- page 22 -

By George C. Wilson

heads and bodies were completely covered by the suits. No features of their faces were visible.

One of the little men did all the talking. "Don't be alarmed," the Being said, "We have talked with people before."

Both the little men were holding at about waist height, rays filled with specimens of soil and sod.

Gary, because of the suits could not see the shape of their hands.

The spokesman said Gary was doing. Spreading rumors was Gary's aim, however. Why asked the Being? Gary explained that nature "civilized" the well, and then he explained about commercial fertilizer. The Being then asked for some other manure.

Mind you, this conversation lasted over two hours. This writer has an over Robo Press and Robo Newspaper clipping service at this time. I am giving you readers the answer to this conversation. In hopes that someone near Gary Wilson will interview him and get the information he says that he has forgotten. On reading this article you will know the right questions to ask. Then I hope you will let me know what you found out, or Box nineteen-twelve, Farmington, New Mexico.

The Being said, "We are from the planet Mars," and went on to explain that they had been obtaining their food FROM THE ATMOSPHERE OF MARS.

In part 2 of A PARTIAL SOLUTION TO THE UFO PROBLEM, I said, published long before this sighting, "The 'Ice caps' of Mars are not water but a carbohydrate called 'manna' which distills during the summer on Mars and turns green as it moves (in the atmosphere) toward the equator." This is called AMBROSIA, the food of the Gods, on page 134 of Worlds in Collision, by Immanuel Velikovsky.

This then is the subsistence these two beings eat on Mars: AMBROSIA or MANNA. They gather it from the Martian atmosphere where I said it was.

The Being went on to say that they wanted to rehabilitate their soil on Mars. They hoped to come to Earth every two years.

There seems no lack here to be explained here. Mars, when it is nearest the Earth is 35 million miles. (Griffith Park Observer, Sept. 1957 issue) Mars on April 24, 1964 was 2.35 times, roughly 92,900,000 miles from Earth, or

17


- page 23 -

Postmasters:

The matter enclosed is official matter of the U.S.A.F., and is to be read only by the receiver and his superiors.


- page 24 -

Here is the text from the document:

Postcardale
New York

Lieutenant Gilliand
PIO
Base Operations
Steward Air Force Base
Newburg
New York

Postmarked stamp shows:
AUG 16 1964
10:30 AM
NY

There is also a certified mail stamp with number 637187.


- page 25 -

Here is the text from the document:

SAUCER NEWS
Combined with THE SAUCERAN BULLETIN

OFFICIAL PUBLICATION OF THE SAUCER AND UNEXPLAINED CELESTIAL EVENTS RESEARCH SOCIETY

MAILING ADDRESS: P.O. BOX 163, FORT LEE, N.J.
OFFICE: 308 FIFTH AVE., NEW YORK, N.Y.
TELEPHONE: MURRAY HILL 6-9740

EDITOR:
JAMES W. MOSELEY

NON-SCHEDULED NEWSLETTER #21 - August 10th, 1964

FLYING SAUCERS STILL LANDING - It seems that the giant 1964 saucer "Fley" is going to continue indefinitely. Shortly after our September issue went to press, we received two more landing reports and dozens of close sightings and near-landings continue to pour into our office from all over the country!

In the village of Goshen, near Binghamton, New York, five children saw an alien creature in mid-day. They said that a little man, wearing a helmet and plastic goggles, came up to their "making strange clicking noises." The visitor then walked back to his nearby spaceship and climbed into it, as the boys ran away in panic. Mrs. Jeanne Nichols, mother of two of the boys, questioned the children closely, and believed their story.


- page 26 -

Here is the text from the document:

Lt. Schueler
Sra Tunc

Return
FAA
Binghamton

Geo DPS

Cpt Parrish

Ballows Ohio

North Tunnel

Cpt Blaine From
Binghamton
75%

PIO Syracuse Airwk
plated that reports were being
forwarded to WPAFB

Cpt Senn
GRIFFIS, Norwick
27 th 7-8 Jigger
Curtiss 80 ops on field
5 am 6 am Engine on
2 blowing glasses 1 meter


- page 27 -

Here is the text from the document:

Boys Story - Hzow 29th
Cummin Afternoon 11:10
28th 3 aug - Batcate
200 Repts { 50 each night
Newspaper Tailed Type-


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

RINKER
WBNS-TV
BINGHAMTON, NY

MR FORD
30 FOL
BASE OPS

SCHELLINGER
3-21-63
5-23


- page 29 -

Here is the text from the document:

Lt. Williams:

Here is the info that you requested from the Binghamton Newspaper, 'THE EVENING PRESS'. A photostat is enclosed concerning the article which I have marked #1. Its contents concern the engineer Louis Daubert. Number two is the one to the right concerning the City Fireman. Photostats of page 24, where both are continued are not available at the present time. However, I have typed up the conclusion of the editorial which appears on that page. Number three is entitled Sky sightings in focus. The newspaper dating was Friday, July 31, 1964. Typed also is a July 30 edition entitled 'AIR BASE OFFICIALS SHED NO LIGHT ON SKY OBJECTS!' Probably most interesting to you. Call this # 4. (By the way, just above this editorial is a photo of a [redacted] where she is shown holding some form of moss and the likeness, which can definitely be identified as being subjected to extreme temperatures. In her other hand she holds a clump of normal moss. Two weeks ago hers some claimed to have seen a spaceship land. Where the 'occupant' was seen. It was supposingly to have landed on the spot containing the dead moss. Number five, the last, is a letter sent in to the editor.

In conclusion sir, I wish to say that I am enthused that you confine in me. My position seems very clear. I am always at your disposal. The original newspaper copies are in my possession. Perhaps at a future date we could meet. In the meantime, please feel free to call if you need a 803 observer. As I have previously stated to Major Mazaroskim, I am familiar with 'the ropes'; and release info to YOU ONLY. Glad you trust me enough.

Sincerely,
[signature redacted]

At the bottom of the page are additional handwritten notes that are partially illegible, and "ATCH II" is written.


- page 30 -

Here is the text from the document:

Glowing UFO Seen
By Norwich Man

Press Bureau
Norwich -- A Norwich engineering executive to police last night saw an elliptical object hovering near the ground last night.

The report came from Robert S. G. Willard Court, Norwich, a supervisor in the engineering department of Norwich Pharmaceutical Co. His report was one of three that Norwich area residents reported in connection with unusual sky phenomena last night.

He said he saw an "object" hovering 5 to 50 feet over the top of Shaylor Brook Road, between 9 and 9:30 p.m. Mrs. Max Bach of Sunset Drive, Norwich, reported that she and her husband saw a light in the sky at about 9:05 p.m.

He said it was moving "very slowly" and was northwest of his home. It appeared to hover for 10 to 15 minutes and then disappeared from view.

Another report described a light in the sky at Frisbie Center about a mile east in his car about 9 p.m. destined for Chenango County Girl Scout Camp where his daughter was a counselor.

When he saw the object, he said he stopped and watched it for about five minutes. He estimated the elliptical object to be some 25 feet in diameter, and said it "shined with an irridescent glow around the outer edge like a fluorescent light."

Then there were three, flashes of light which "practically blinded me."

Then the object left.

The UFO was reported by Mr. [redacted] in a call to state police at Sidney.

ARTICLE # 1 (Cont.)


- page 31 -

Here is the text from the document:

* * *

City Firemen
Spot Bright
Streak In Sky

Three Binghamton firemen today observed a bright, fast-moving object in the sky about 9 o'clock last night.

And these other Binghamton area residents said today that they saw unusual sky phenomena during the evening.

George Rose, 18, of 1028 Front Street, Nanticoke, observed the sky at 9:15 p.m. He said the object appeared to be above the hill crest along Center Street across the Chenango River, the youth said.

DOUGLAS SLATER, 14, of Cascade Place, reported seeing a "large round silver object with a red glow in the middle." And Mrs. Paul D. Mond of 16 Virgil

(Continued on Page 24)

ARTICLE # 2 (CONT.)

Street reported seeing a "bright yellow flash." Fire Bureau Lt. John Calabrisi, an amateur astronomer, identified the three firemen as Edward Malone, John McNally, and Anthony Wincler.

He said that they were outside of the Robinson Street fire station, and he was in the office working when the flying object was discovered.

The trio said the object, moving in a jet fashion and spurting, was about 40 degrees from the horizon, said Lieutenant Calabrisi.

The object traveled from the southeast to the Northwest, the firemen said.

By the time Lt. Calabrisi got outdoors, it was out of sight, he said.

"I stayed out and watched the satellite 'ECHO II' pass about 5 minutes later," Calabrisi reported.


- page 32 -

Here is the text from the document:

Sky Sightings in Focus...
By JERRY HANDTE

The sky over the Triple Cities, to many people on recent nights, a teeming playground of unidentified flying objects, got a cold look last night from a team of trained observers with binoculars.

The team found a natural explanation for all 21 of their sightings.

What they saw were airplanes, meteors and man-made orbiting satellites. The Press received dozens of telephone calls from persons who reported strange objects, seeing something in the heavens.

Last night's binoculars were wielded by members of the Observing Section of the Broome County Astronomical Society, a Roberson Planetarium affiliate, led by their Chairman, Philip W. Budine. They called it "Operation Sky-look."

THEY STATIONED THEMSELVES ON THE LAWN of the Budine residence at 102 Terrace, from 9 p. m. to midnight.

The Operation Sky-look sightings, in detail:

9:23 p. m.—An airplane flying from south to northwest, with a vapor trail and red, white and green lights.

11:08 p. m.—An airplane on the southwestern horizon with red and green lights.

11:10 p. m.—An airplane, south to northwest over the southwestern horizon.

11:24 p. m.—Then 2 again, southwest to northwest, very bright and low over the northwestern horizon.

DURING THEIR THREE-HOUR STINT with seven-man, 12-mm. binoculars, the astronomical observers saw nine airplanes, including one large jet bomber, nine meteors falling stars and man-made communications satellites (Echo 1 once and Echo 2 twice).

Mr. Budine said today that some observers watched with binoculars and others with the naked eye, in order to get an idea of what the flying objects looked like to the average citizen.

The amateur astronomer said the jets, with their red and green lights, were difficult to identify as planes without the aid of binoculars.

He said most of the airplanes sighted were jets flying at very high altitudes at which their passage was scarcely noticed by the average person.

In addition to himself, Mr. Budine said, the observers were Gary George, Anthony Fasullo and

Joan Farrell. All, he said, are well-trained and qualified for the survey.

TONIGHT, MR. BUDINE SAID, Echo 1 should be visible as a bright object traveling from west to east from 6:35 to 9:50 and from 11:37 to 11:57 o'clock.

His said Echo 2 should be visible as a very bright object traveling from south to north from 5:55 to 6:05, 10:50 to 11 and 12:15 to 12:35 o'clock.

The document also contains a hand-drawn illustration of what appears to be a sky scene with some objects or trajectories drawn in a stylized manner.


- page 33 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

about 220 million miles from Earth. Mars here certainly could not be said to be near the Earth.

The Being went on to explain that their ships could easily seen in the dark by their glow, but they were quite concerned "Gary" had happened to spot them in the daylight. Gary told them he hadn't seen them until he was 150 feet away, and the Being replied that he shouldn't have seen the ship until 100 feet away.

Now come the BIG THING of the sighting. Gary was told that there were coming changes in the Universe (Solar System) and "MARS MAY BE WHERE THE EARTH IS NOW." "Try in God's name didn't Gary ask when; or did he not have to?

Here we have what is to happen in the future. THIS REASON THE UFOS ARE HERE. The mechanics of part 2 of WORLDS IN COLLISION, page 261 is this. Jupiter explodes a comet which has great mass, probably the size of one of his four large moons. This comet forces the planets to rearrange themselves in the Solar System.

Velikovsky shows that several times about 687 B.C. the planet Mars had a near collision with the Earth. Mars was driven out of its orbit near Jupiter by a comet. On page 330 Dr. Velikovsky shows that prior to the last series of near collisions with Mars, the Earth spun on an axis pointed in a different direction in space, and the year also could not have been as we now know it. During the transitional year between a year with still fewer days, and the time between the fifteenth century B.C. the year was 360 days long. The texts of the Veda show only a year of 360 days. It is striking that the Vedas nowhere mention an intercalary period, while repeatedly stating that the year consists of 360 days and nowhere do they refer to the five or six days that actually are part of the year as we now know it.

18


- page 34 -

The following is a transcription from the Evening Press:

AIR BASE OFFICIALS SHED NO LIGHT ON SKY OBJECTS !!!

Reports of strange sky phenomena continued to pour in today from children and adults throughout Broome County.

In the latest wave of reports last night (July 29) and today, some 15 telephone calls were received by the press, reporting some unusual sky happenings.

Officials of both Griffiss Air Force Base in Rome, and Hancock Field in Syracuse, said today that they could throw no light on any of the reports of recent days.

Philip Budine, chairman of the Observing Section of the Astronomical Society of Broome County, made observations last night from his home in Broad Ave. He said that he could identify each of the objects that cross-ed the sky between 9:30 p.m. and 12:45 a.m. except one.

"At about 9:40 p.m., I saw a yellowish object going from the east to the southwest through my telescope. It seemed to be moving rapidly. It was the only object that I couldn't explain."

Mr. Budine said that he was using a 17-power eyepiece in his telescope.

Mr. Budine also said that some of the happenings that might have been mistaken for unusual sky phenomena, or 'flying saucers', were jets refueling in the air at about 10:30 p.m. with bright yellow lights, two meteors crossing the sky at 10:15 p.m., and Echo I and Echo II.

A Murray Street man said that he and two members of his family saw an object in the southern horizon last night moving northward. "All of a sudden it stopped", he said, and moved into a fixed position relative to the stars, remaining there for three hours.

He said that the object which he described as "pulsating-changing from bright red to bright white with a greenish tint to it" moved into position

[Note: The last line appears to be cut off]


- page 35 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

at about 10:15 o'clock and remained fixed in relation to nearby stars until 1:15 a.m.

At about 12:15 a.m.,he said he saw a plane approach the object through his binoculars.He said that the plane,which was in "line of sight with the object"was flying south of Binghamton from east to west."

The man said that he called Broome County Airport Control Tower at about 11:25 p.m.,and that the man on duty also caught sight of the object.He also reported that he telephoned back to the radar control area of the tower after sighting the plane, and was told that the plane he described was sighted by the radar equipment.

He said that he lost sight of the plane shortly afterwards.

The object moved from the observer's vision at about 1:15 a.m.,he said, when it disappeared behind Sly Park Hill.

The public information officer at Rome suggested the the Hancock base would be able to supply more information than he was able to supply.He said that he had received no reports of unusual sky phenomena recently.

Lt.Michael Harrold,an information officer at the Hancock Base,said that he knew of no reports of the phenomena.He suggested however, that the air-Force be informed of the incidents by residents who report having seen unusual objects.Most reports last night said a "bright moving object"was visible from the homes of the observers.Three teenagers and some 15 adults at Carlisle Hills are reported to have seen something which was'red and green and cone shaped.'They said no noise was emerging from the object.

A Front Street woman also reported the phenomena to be red and green.

The reports began to come in at 9 p.m. and continued until 2:20 a.m.

There were several reports of sighting Tuesday night.

Peggy Martin of Howard Street,RD 2 (who is 14 yrs. old)at Kirkwood,said that she and her brother saw'en object with a triangle shape'(previous was a quote)about 10:15 p.m.Tuesday.She said that it "couldn't have been an


- page 36 -

Here is the text from the document:

"Airplane because it had a funny sound."
John Brenchly,11, of seven Milford Street is reported to have seen a big flat thing with green flashing things and a white light shining about 350 feet above the ground at about 3:30 a.m.

An official at the Broome County Airport Tower said that the Brenchly youth's description sounded like an airplane to him.

Monday night three Norwich residents said that they saw strange sky phenomena:The same night three Binghamton firemen and three other residents reported they observed a brightly lighted, fast moving object in the sky about 9:00 clock.

In a report published in 1962, the U.S. airforce said that the only "flying saucers" it had discovered in space were those that came from launching pads on Earth.

Of the 483 investigations begun in 1961, 483 were completed, the report said. Their investigations have brought the total number of investigations to 7,569.

The report said that the Air Force had yet to come up with any evidence that 'flying saucers' exist or that unidentified objects were launched from outer space.

Another 17 year old Binghamton girl said that she saw something that looked like "a satellite" the same day that the five youngsters in the town of Conklin reported to have seen a spaceman, almost two weeks ago.

Mrs. Elaine Travis, of Woodside Avenue, mother of the children who said that they saw a spaceman and his vehicle about two miles from their home, showed the reporter the area where the space vehicle is reported to have landed. The moss in the area is reported to have been dead and matted.

Mrs. Travis said that she and her husband had threatened the boys with punishment if they were not telling the truth about what they had seen.

She said that she believed what the boys had told her because they had not changed their story even in the face of punishment.


- page 37 -

Under the Heading "YOU WROTE IT" which is in short, the paper's answer to a common 'Letters to the Editor' column, this letter appears.

UFOS NO LAUGHING MATTER !!!

To the editor:

The other night there was a news report about an Unidentified Flying Object landing near Binghamton. Because I am an amateur reader and thinker on this subject, I checked the general reaction with several friends of mine, and I found nothing but laughter and disbelief on the subject.

I find nothing wrong with people disagreeing with the subject at hand, but these people laughed when the subject of "flying saucers" was brought up without even thinking about it.

The American public has been too conditioned to laughing at the subject to even begin thinking objectively and seriously about the subject.

I believe that in all of those stars in the sky, with all of those planets revolving around them, there must be some sort of life capable of transporting itself from planet to planet or even from sun to sun.

Let more be written and spoken about this subject to make the general public more aware of the subject so that they can make up their own minds objectively and with careful and rational thought.

JOHN FENNER


- page 38 -

Film
July 29-31, 1964
Binghamton, New York
Observer: Multiple
File # 1003657
In custody of National Archives and
Record Service
Audio-Visual Division
1975


- page 39 -

HEADQUARTERS
2856th AIR BASE WING
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
GRIFFISS AIR FORCE BASE NEW YORK

4 August 1964

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

1. The following is an initial investigation into Unidentified Flying Objects sighted by persons in the Binghamton, N.Y. area during the period 29-31 July 1964.

2. The attached drawing is an artistic conception of the UFO drawn from the description of two persons. Both boys were questioned by newsmen from WNBG-TV and both agreed that this is what they looked like. The particles shown were not in their original report.

3. Most of the other reports suggest an object like the cone shaped portion of the drawing but only one other from Oneonta, N.Y. by two other 13 year old boys confirmed the same case.

4. All reports confirm the UFO was fast moving with no sound.

5. The following is a list of typical UFO reports received by WNBG-TV during 29-31 July 1964:

a. 29 July 2315 EDT - On Binghamton's south side, two boys saw a UFO pass overhead at low altitude. This description was used to make the attached drawing.

b. 29 July 1030 EDT - Near Echo Lake (north of Binghamton) reported that 6 boys (two of them were 13 years) were at the Lake fishing. They saw an object 20 to 30 feet wide come down on the lake and then move rapidly. They described it as having a large and circular, 13 sided and it moved from east to west. They reported seeing it for several minutes.

c. 29 July 2015 - Binghamton, New York. She reported seeing a large cylindrical, silvery, moving south at a high rate of speed. Viewed rapidly, no sound was heard, it had no wings or lights.

d. 30 July - Eight separate reports of UFOs in the Binghamton area.


- page 40 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

c. 31 July 0700 AM - [redacted], Endwell, N.Y. He was traveling along Route 26 to Endwell. He saw a round, silver UFO hovering in a field. 16 watched 15 or several minutes. It had no trail or wings and no markings. It departed quickly and made no noise.

6. Weather conditions for the period are as follows:

29 July 1954
0500Z - 12,000 scattered, undetermined broken, 8 miles visibility
1700Z - 6,000 broken, high broken, 6 miles visibility
2300Z - 3,000 scattered, high scattered, 15 miles visibility

30 July 1954
0500Z - Clear and 15 miles visibility
1100Z - 2,500 broken, high broken, 20 miles visibility
2300Z - High scattered, 45 miles visibility

31 July 1954
0500Z - High scattered, 15+ visibility
1400Z - Clear, visibility 45 miles
2300Z - High broken, 45 miles visibility

7. More information will follow as it becomes available.

FOR THE COMMANDER

THOMAS P. SCHEDELINGER
Capt, USAF
Investigating Officer

1 Atch
DWG

2


- page 41 -

HEADQUARTERS
2856th AIR BASE WING
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
GRIFFISS AIR FORCE BASE NEW YORK

11 August 1964

SUBJECT: Investigation - Reported Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

TO: AFSCC (TWO)
    Att: Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. In accordance with AFR 200-2, a detailed investigation of unidentified flying objects reported in the Binghamton, New York area, was conducted by Captain Richard T. Brown and 1st Lieutenant Sidney Wetzlar on 5 and 7 August 1964. On the basis of personal interviews and other evidence, to the best of their knowledge, the following report is submitted, relating on 27 July 1964, can be explained and should be discounted as reports of familiar or known objects.

2. To clarify the situation which led to the deluge of reports from the local press, the following historical summary is presented.

a. In June, a farmer in Newark Valley near Binghamton, reported that a flying saucer landed and was then taken by several persons. This incident was given much publicity and actually started the sequences in the Binghamton area.

b. In early July, five children in the town of Kirkwood also reported seeing a capably one the ground. Again much publicity was given.

c. On 27 July, [redacted] near Norwich (see attachment #1 for complete report). The investigators were unable to provide a satisfactory explanation of this sighting and the observer seems to be a reasonable, mature man, although he has no special qualifications as an observer.

d. Mr. [redacted]'s report triggered a mass of records. The Sun Bulletin, a local tabloid-type newspaper and WNBF-TV gave much coverage to unusual and unfounded reports.

e. On 29 July, [redacted] reported seeing a cone shaped object and were interviewed on WNBF-TV. A drawing of their impression of the UFO was made by the staff artist at WNBF-TV. This was forwarded to AFSC (STD) in the preliminary report. The investigating team feels that this was not a report of a bona fide UFO crossing Binghamton (see attachments 2 and 3).

f. The [redacted] interview caused a great number of reports during the following days.


- page 42 -

Here is the text from the document:

the period 30 July to 3 August. These reports consisted mostly of light sightings and reports of no unusual significance. The investigations contacted approximately 30 persons who provided this type of information.

2. Mr. [redacted], who is an amateur sky watcher and president of the [redacted] astronomy club provided the most significant results to reports in the Binghamton area during the period 29 July to 3 August 1964. He and several other qualified observers used binoculars and other aids, logged several unusual sightings and positively identified all sightings as known objects.

3. FAA personnel and Weather Bureau personnel at Broome County Airport reported no unusual sightings during the period 29 July to 3 August.

4. Newspaper clippings from The Sun Bulletin and Binghamton Evening News are attached as attachment #4.

5. Prints and a 35m negative are included as attachment #5. These time exposures were taken with a powerful 100 mm lens. The photographer did not see the objects and was on a routine investigation. The investigator feels that this material is of no value, but included it for review.

6. Maps of the Binghamton and Norwich area are included as attachment #6.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
RICHARD T. BROWN
Captain, USAF
Investigating Officer

6 Atcbs
1. Interview, 29 Jul, Norwich, NY
2. Remittal, 29 Jul, Binghamton NY
3. Remittal, 29 Jul, Binghamton NY
4. Newspaper clippings
5. Prints & 35 mm negative
6. Maps

2


- page 43 -

