There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, likely a report on a UFO sighting.

As an OCR system, I will now reproduce all the text found in the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 05/09/64
2. LOCATION: Brookfield, Massachusetts
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Three
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Varied
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual (GV)
7. COURSE: Varied
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Three objects observed in September 1964, reported to be like a bright star/planet in the motion, hovered, and circled the lake again. Came back later with a third object. Unidentified.
COMMENTS: Three objects observed in September 1964, reported to be like a bright star/planet in the motion, hovered, and circled the lake again. Came back later with a third object. Observed for two hours. Data for an evaluation.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing handwritten text.

Project Blue Book Screening Information
76 Seymour Street
Warnkiner, Mass 01610
Sept. 18, 1964

On September 4, 1964, a UFO sighting was reported. The report states that the sighting was made at approximately 8:40 P.M. The witness reported a brilliantly illuminated object that was initially seen about 10 degrees above the southwestern horizon. The object was reported to have hovered for a period of time and then made some rapid, erratic maneuvers before disappearing from view. The report describes the object as being very bright, appearing to be about the size of a dime held at arm's length, and changing colors from bright white to reddish-orange. The witness reported the sighting lasted approximately 5 minutes. The report indicates that the object appeared to be completely silent and no sound was heard during the observation.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The page contains text that appears to be an address for the "Project Blue Book Informational Office" in Washington, D.C.

Project Blue Book Informational Office
Hq. USAF (AFOIPR)
Washington, D.C. 20330

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten page from what seems to be a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text in the document states:

"The time you asked me about was approximately 10:00 o'clock P.M. EST. Thank you."

There is additional handwritten text that appears to be a signature or notation at the bottom of the page.

- page 4 -

