This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings. The form includes various fields such as the date, location, type of observation, source, number of objects observed, and a brief summary of the sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 15 March 1964
2. LOCATION: Dallas, Texas
3. SIGHTING GROUP: Local 2200
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
9. COURSE: Southerly
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Though something moved in NW sky. Concentrating on writing these UFO's. Object moving so in May 6, looked like star moving it. Wobby motion across the sky. Motion to south in position to SE at last background.
11. COMMENTS: Magnitude 4-6 not visible naked eye. Observed as of satellite, not 1962B Theta.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Was Balloon, Possibly Balloon, Possibly Aircraft, Possibly Astronomical, Other SATD71, Insufficient Data

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. However, it does contain a report on a UFO sighting in Dallas, Texas on March 15, 1964.

The text of the document is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO:
ATTN: TDEW

SUBJECT: UFO SIGHTING (Dallas, Texas, 15 Mar 64)

TO: Hq USAF SAFOI PB (Mrs Gaiser)
WASH 25 D C

The following information is provided to assist your office in a reply to Mrs. Gaiser regarding the object he observed on 15 March 1964:

a. The Pleiades are in the west at about 40 degs elevation and Orion in the southwest (az 220 deg) at 55 degs elevation. The motion of the object was toward the southwest.

b. Consultation with Dr Robinson (FTD Astronomer) indicates a moving object of a magnitude similar to the naked eye. Therefore, it is assumed that the object was brighter.

Characteristics of this observation are similar to those sightings previously confirmed as "satellites". The arc-distance traveled and the fact that the object passed in five minutes are considered with our analysis.

As a satellite passes into the earth's shadow, it is no longer visible, would account for the sudden disappearance attributed to atmospheric conditions. We do not carry data on the flight path or height of these objects, other than Deboi I and Echo I. Both of these satellites are usually of the first or second magnitude. Therefore, the sighting is probably one of the many satellites visible to the naked eye.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
CONIC S. TEWKSBURY, Capt
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report. 

The text in the document is as follows:

52 gy a6 a-4 dA-4 AA 44 a w4

May 14, 1964

The Mr. Taylor
Morristown, N.J.

Dear sir,

I'm the officer in charge of the "Dallas, Texas" sighting on March 16, 1964. Some of the details of this sighting indicate an anomalous situation of more than passing interest. This case has received careful study and has been placed in category "A" as a situation worthy of further investigation. However, I'm hesitant to go into the details of this case in this initial letter without first learning more about your specific interest and purpose. If you would care to outline your interest and purpose, I'll be happy to provide you with the details of the "Dallas, Texas" sighting and the conclusions reached by Project Blue Book. I'll be looking forward to hearing from you.

Sincerely,

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. The image shows handwritten text on a page, which appears to be a report or document.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

My report and investigation of the object . This object was observed by two 
persons on the evening of March 8, 1964. The observed object appeared to be circular in shape, luminous in character, and appeared to be traveling at a high rate of speed. The object first appeared to the northeast and traveling in a northerly direction. 
The object was observed for approximately 20-25 seconds before it disappeared from sight. The witnesses are considered reliable and there is no reason to doubt their observation. The object was reported to appear and disappear suddenly and no sound was heard. The object was estimated to be approximately 200-300 feet in diameter.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

The text in the document reads:

"My investigation must find that the witness in this case is able to the fact that the object did move at a rapid rate of speed. The witness observation is that of 15 minutes duration. They matched and stated that the object appeared to be of apparent size of a full moon. It was dark and rather round and seemed to vary some in brightness. At one point there appeared a flame-like quality that seemed somewhat larger than the object, but this was very brief. The witness was rather definite in stating that the object was metallic in appearance and reflected the lights from the ground. The witness is positive that the object was not an aircraft, although no sound was heard. The witness further stated that the object maintained a relatively straight-line course with no deviation or erratic movements. The witness observation appears to be sincere and it is believed that the sighting is authentic."

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten note or report. The text in the image reads:

"March 16 
Realities Farm 75236
The saucer 17 ft scar, shot 4 715 camera data."

- page 6 -

The image contains a handwritten letter. There is no photograph present in this document.

Department of the Air Force
Office of Public Information
Washington, D. C.

Dear Sir:

I am in the midst of compiling my high school term theme concerning the theory of flying saucers. I have read numerous articles, books, and magazines on the subject and find the information, or lack of it, quite confusing. I am not asking for your personal opinion, but merely for a fact sheet or any official information your office can provide concerning the objects known as "flying saucers". I am not interested in "sensational" data, but in factual, scientific data, if it is available. 
The information I receive will be used only for my term theme and will not be published under any circumstances. I hope that this request can be met by your office.

Sincerely,

- page 7 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page of an old Project Blue Book document, which is an air mail envelope addressed to the Department of the Air Force, Office of Public Information, Washington D.C.

Text from the document:
Dallas 75216, Darn.
AIR MAIL
Department of the Air Force
Office of Public Information
Washington, D.C.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing a letter.

March 24, 1964

Dear [redacted],
This is in reply to your letters of March 9th and March 16th on the subject of Unidentified Flying Objects.

Regarding the object you observed on March 1, the Project Blue Book file shows that the object was seen at about 40 degrees of elevation and 145 degrees azimuth from Randolph and Orion in the Southwest (as 220 deg.) at about 5:50 PM CST. The motion of the object was to the east. Consultation with an Air Force meteorologist indicates that the object was probably due to the high altitude condensation and trails of missiles being fired from White Sands, New Mexico, as is common for that area. I am satisfied that the characteristics of the object were similar to those signifying trails from those missile launchings.

As a satellite passes into the earth's shadow, it is no longer visible, which would account for the disappearance of the object. The Air Force does not carry data on the path or these objects other than those I have mentioned.

Both of these satellites are usually of the first and second magnitudes. They will continue to be periodically observed as 1962 B THETA.

Enclosed is the new Air Force Fact Sheet on the subject of Unidentified Flying Objects which should be of help to you in writing your report.

Sincerely,
MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information
Office of Information
Dallas, Texas 75216

- page 9 -

