Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
21 December 64 21/2130

2. LOCATION
Harrisonburg, Virginia

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
PSYCHOLOGICAL CATEGORY

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Saucer landed and took off. Area allegedly radioactive. Can supposedly stopped by the object. Size estimated at more than 90 ft high. Shaped like a bee hive. Had a fluorescent light ring around center. Investigated from WPAFB.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 Minutes (Approximate)

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Land & Take Off

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
☒ No

SEE CASE FILE.

Initial information received in letter from citizen 21 days after reported event allegedly took place.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-2-

So Mr. Burns told me how to find the meadow in which the object had landed and said he judged that the UFO had rested about 100 yards from the road. I found the meadow, stepped off 100 yards along the direction, and found the UFO landing site. Then with the Geiger counter turned on, I walked across the field eastward. When I was about 100 yards off the dial's needle began registering steps eastward the needle swung off the dial a number of times. I trailed the probe aside (by its flexible wire) in the dry grass and several times picked up radiation.

On January 12 Technical Sergeant David Moody and Staff Sergeant Harold Jones of the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, after telephone conversations initiated the day before by the Day-ton, Ohio, team, arrived to investigate the UFO landing of event of the UFO Investigators of Eastern Mennonite College), and I accompanied the Air Force officers to the landing site 3/2 miles west of Dayton, Va. in the company of Mr. Burns and Mr. Moody. Mr. Burns told the entire story of his sighting, both on the way and on arrival at the place of the sighting. Also he questioned me as to my investigation of the landing site and discovery of the high radioactivity. To Mr. Dahm (Dayton reporter for the Richmond Times-Dispatch), Mr. Burns said he was the first to see the work in the field, Sergeant Moody said, "This is an unusual sight."

As the now six of us walked into the field, still covered with four inches of snow remaining from a week fall of a few days ago, the group was spread out. Mr. Cook, Mr. Funk, and I had found to be radioactive, and to hear him say, "Here, Gentlemen, look at this," as he pointed to a spot where Mr. Burns and I had been in the place at the same time.

Sergeant Moody, using a Model 256B Beta-Gamma Survey Meter, tested the area (rather perfunctorily, we felt) at 8 or 10 spots. First examining the 4 inches of snow aside each time with the instrument, he would say, "No reading," or "Trace," or "U.S.," quickly made some adjustment on his Survey Meter, which caused the needle to return to zero, and then said, "See, there's no radiation here!" On a third occasion (each of these times) by at least three persons, when he had kicked the snow aside and examined the ground, several grass stubbles punctured the thin grey plastic-like film on the end of the Meter and this time the needle shot up much higher than the previous times. The film was not damaged, the adjustment, lowered the Meter more easily and he acknowledged that the 3 grains and the 5 inches of snow on the ground had fallen, and was quite surprised.

There on Dec. 21, depending on their half-life, of course. The Sergeant particularly emphasized the point that the facts they observed and heard related, that they said several times that of the 532 UFO report in 1964 and investigated by the Air Force (of which 16 were classified as unidentified or unexplained) this could well result in being the 17th for 1964.

In view of all the facts as detailed in the report of January 27, 1965 of the Air Force our Technical Sergeant (John Dahm) of the 1st UFO landing near Staunton, it was with considerable surprise and dismay that the UFO sighting and the Air Force had decided there had been no such UFO sighting and the matter was dropped.

CONCLUSION: It is believed that a vehicle of this type could not have been by accident or chance in the time and location of the reported event. There were no additional witnesses. There was no confirmation of radio activity in the area. Grass and weeds had not been depressed. There was a total lack of any indication that a vehicle had been present at the scene. No ground personnel and subsequent analysis of the data collected fails to reveal any evidence of an alleged landing.

Apparently the honest, straightforward, detailed testimony by Horace Burns, as to what he saw in the air, on the ground, and his subsequent polygraph test, supported by two technically experienced witnesses, as to the radioactivity of the landing site of the UFO, do not constitute sufficient evidence to establish a UFO landing.

Strongly missing from the greatly detailed, 3-page report is any reference to the 6 inches of snow now fallen on the area between December 30 and January 12, which we reported to the Air Force as having fallen on December 30. This is a most important consideration which informs us that between these dates this region had a total precipitation of exactly 2 inches. The two sergeants were very much aware of the 5 inches of snow still present in the field, although which they waded in their low shoes for half an hour, and which they knew had fallen on December 30, to come prepared with galoshes.

Also missing from their report is any reference to the fact that the two research engineers (Messrs. Cook and Funk, used to Geiger counter work) had witnessed the radioactivity of the landing site, and their professional opinion, which would be most valuable to these two engineers, both of whom live within a few miles of the area. Howevery, Sergeant Moody mentions in his report that he copies of several Richmond Times-Dispatch articles are attached, including one written by Reporter Dahm (copy on his report). But he can hardly have missed reading the following:

Some days after Burns said he saw the 90 to 90-foot object, Gehman took a Geiger counter to the site to check for radiation. He knew that other reported UFO's have been radioactive.

Gehman got a "tremendously high reading" of radiation, and his finding has been verified by H.M. Cook of Staunton, a research engineer at Waynesboro's DuPont plant. Gehman, "was having a tiny because the needle jumped to 120 counts per minute, which is correct, but later this is 'quashed with' 160,000 mr/hr on the check by Dr. Gehman," but this would multiply the radiation I found by 120. And they quote Major James Sproul, Air Force radiation expert, as stating (apparently)


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

On the base of this misinformation(?) that such radioactive strength
deposited on December 21 should yield a positive return on
Geiger counter readings was completely false. The most outstanding
been radioactivity of such location. But following on Major
Sperry's statement, the report says, "it is an attempt to disregard
but to disregard the Geiger counter returns taken by Dr. Gehman."
In this way they disposed of the problem indicated by the opening
statement of the report, namely the lack of any substantial radioactive
fact in the alleged landing was the Geiger counter reading taken
by Dr. Gehman.

Two questions continually linger in my mind First, was the
Air Force Base-Cannon Survey Mealy really the proper instrument
to measure the radioactivity? Second, was their particular instrument,
alpha rays? And, second, was their particular instrument, which
Sergeant Moody already had shown close to the ground, really
designed for use after the general area? Was it
already been pretty definitely pinpointed?

In this Air Force report there are a number of other curious
items and misstatements of fact, such as their saying that the
UFO was over the left line of the highway. These telephone
cables) are are approximately 75 feet in height. Descent of the
object was at an angle and the object appeared to be spinning
slightly. Now it happens that those Virginia Electric Power
lines are approximately 44 feet in height and the object appeared
to 44 feet in height, which averages at little more than half as
high as was estimated by the Sergeant. If they had missed this
by as much as 50 feet it would have been understandable, but only
n by 30 feet is more than one hopes for from technically trained
members of a responsible investigating team. And as to the
"spinning" of the UFO, we have heard Mr. Burns say repeatedly,
as he said in answer to Sergeant Moody's question that day,
that he did not notice any spinning.

The report contains a number of other such discrepancies.

Page 1: (a) Sergeant Moody called my home at 11:30 a.m.
on Jan. 12, instead of at 9:00 a.m. as he said in his report to
the Air Force. When he called me, he told me in substance
and Mr. Gehman that they had just arrived at a local motel
and would like to have a cup of coffee and talk over the case
together, which we did at 1:30.

(b) Describing the UFO: "The band of light was about 12
inches in diameter." He should have seen it was an angle
Page 2: (a) "The object rose straight up, tilted at an angle
to the ground and then moved off to the left." This is in
a northeasterly direction." It had come from due north.

(b) "Direction of departure was about sixty degrees to the
right of its approach." However, the angle between north and
northeast is not 60 but 45 degrees.

(c) "Descent near farmhouses and that they had seen or
heard nothing." Correct: but since the Sergeant accepted and
repeated this statement, it would seem that he was much more
of the two research engineers who shared my Geiger counter investigation with me?

(d) "Dr. Gehman is head of a local UFO Hobby Club." The
UFO Hobby Club is a local group of college students conducting a scientific inquiry on the many locally reported UFO
phenomena. I have never appeared on a local radio program
discussing UFOs except in connection with this case, nor have
the existence of this extracurricular group organized several
months earlier at Eastern Mennonite College, as noted above.

Page 3: (a) "At no time during the thirty minutes of investigation was the highway empty of cars." This can be challenged,
as he also was. No one was consistently observing the highway
traffic.

(c) Regarding Mr. Burns: "Without a thorough psychiatric
examination, no positive conclusion regarding hallucination is
possible." This statement is completely unwarranted and unlike contradictory testimony. How can one consider a witness
credible if one also suspects that he may have hallucinations?
But since Mr. Burns' testimony is unshaken and uncontradicted by competent and unshaken under sometimes severe cross-examination, possibly it is not he who should have
a thorough psychiatric examination.

(c) The Air Force report states, as quoted above: "There
was no indication of any unusual activity." This is far from
true that at the time of the Air Force team's we did not know
of any other persons who had seen the same UFO, yet two days
later Mr. Kersey interviewed a 14-year-old high school boy, Rodney Morton, of Staunton, who saw a large UFO traveling rapidly

over the city in the direction from which Horace Burns saw it
coming. This sighting by Kenneth occurred on the same day
and in the same general area as the sighting by Horace Burns
called to his mother's home to see the object. His parents corroborate his son's story and can add details and time of sighting.
After and soon and still another man, of the UFO, apparently
from the same general area, saw the object at the same time
told in Reporter Kersey's January 15 and 17 Richmond Times-Dispatch articles. Sergeant Moody had at least the article of the
17th as mentioned earlier, but without looking into those reports
are all, he could blandly say, "There were no additional witnesses."

This paper does not exhaust the inconsistencies and discrepancies in the Air Force report of its "official investigation."
Suffice it to say that the report is far from satisfactory. While
Sergeant Moody personally, in addition to the ones noted in this
paper, but all of them together constitute stronger proof that the
investigation and subsequent report were considerably less than
fair and open-minded. In consequence, a good many people in
this area feel that the Air Force report is not a true picture
of UFO reports may be judged by this one, then the general reputation that the Aerial Phenomena Section of the Air Force,
Project Blue Book, has suffered is indeed unfortunate.

While on the whole we have very high regard for the United
States Air Force, its tremendous capabilities for the safety
of our country, its capabilities, standards, and, by no means
least, its personnel, yet we cannot help feeling that the Aerial
Phenomena Section of the Foreign Technology Division would
do well to seriously overhaul its principles, its methodology, and
some of its personnel.

Attestation: I believe the above report by Dr. Gehman
is a complete and accurate statement of Mr. Horace
Burns' UFO sighting and related matters.

[Signatures of Ernest G. Gehman, R. Clair Weaver, and Horace Burns]

P.S. Further confirmation: Just as we go to press we learn that
several homes in the landing region reported the fact that at
the time of the sighting their TV sets went out of commission,
their radios and TV sets ceased functioning for several minutes.
The heads of these homes are said to have told this in the factory
where they work.

[Additional notes about NICAP and Keyhoe at bottom of page]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

PAGE 6                                                                    THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN                                                    MAY-JUNE, 1965

Huge UFO At Staunton, Va.

Mr. Horace Burns, of Grottos, Virginia, claims to have seen an 80-foot-high UFO four miles east of Staunton, Virginia at 5 p.m. on 21 December 1964. Drawings of the object show a general cone shape 125 feet in diameter with a band of bluish-white light on the bottom.

Burns claimed the metallic-appearing object came out of the sky north of the Highway, crossed Route 250 about 200 feet ahead of him and then his engine stopped. He said his car seemed to come to an "unnaturally" quick stop.

He also said the object landed lightly, "like a bubble" about 100 yards off the Highway. It had no visible portholes, wings or seams. She stated he saw it rest on the meadow for from 60-90 seconds, then with a sound of rushing air, it rose straight up for several hundred feet and then proceeded into the northeast. Burns claimed there was no traffic during this time, nor was there any for at least a mile ahead along the route which he drove his car after he started it up again.

Six days later Mr. Burns informed Ernest G. Gehman, a Professor of German at Eastern Mennonite College at Harrisonburg. On the following Tuesday Professor Gehman taped the story at McBurns' gunshop. On Wednesday the Professor tested the area where the UFO had purportedly landed and his counter registered 60,000 counts per minute. This was 9 days after the UFO had rested on the spot.

On January 12 Sgt. David Moody and S/Sgt. H. Jones of Wright-Patterson AFB arrived to investigate the landing. They questioned Burns and Gehman.

Gehman, who was on the scene during the AF investigation, noted that Moody also got an indication of radioactivity. This was three weeks after the incident.

Moody also indicated the Burns sighting was a "good" one by several remarks. However, in their 3-page report which they forwarded to Gehman, they inferred their doubts concerning the authenticity of Burns' claims.

To our knowledge no sighting of a UFO in that area would tend to corroborate Burns' claims has come to light. It has been suggested that the lack of traffic on Route 250 is most unusual at any time of day and especially at 5 p.m.

An examination of a state of Virginia road map shows Staunton intersected by two major highways and several minor roads. Route 11 runs ESE, NNE. Highway 250 where the huge UFO was alleged to have landed runs WNW and ESE. This major U.S. Highway runs to Charlottesville and then to Richmond, ESE of Staunton. It does not

[Illustration of a "Beehive" shaped UFO with a "Band of Light" labeled, drawn by "LARRY E."]

Shown above is the "beehive" shaped object reportedly observed near Staunton, Virginia, U.S.A. on 21 December, 1964.

seem likely that an 80-900 foot high UFO could land in daylight on a major thoroughfare and be seen by only one individual.

Charlottesville, home of the University of Virginia, is only 35 miles away to the ESE. Its population is in excess of 30,000.

Waynesboro, between Staunton and Charlottesville, has 13,000 residents.

This evidence seems to conflict with Burns' story—but on the other hand, we have the testimony of a respected University Professor experiencing excessive radiation.

A short time ago, some strange holes and high radiation count were found in the woods near Glassboro, New Jersey. A tale of a glowing red object which had purportedly landed in the woods was told to the son of a known UFO enthusiast and NICAP member, by an unidentified youth. Police investigated and located a boy who was identified as the one who originally told of the alleged landing. He was taken into custody, admitted perpetrating a hoax by digging the holes and scattering certain chemicals to raise the radiation count. He was found guilty, fined, warned about future use, and released. His fine was also suspended.

We relate the latter case without pertinent details or names (the case is old and does not appear to be a true UFO report) because it is important in that radiation at an alleged UFO landing site can be simulated. However, such fake cases can be detected with a little investigation.


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

on the basis of this misinformation) that such radioactive strength
deposited on December 21 should yield a positive return on
January 12, which would without be corrected, if there had
been radioactivity of such intensity. But following on Major
Sporn's statement, the report says, "... there is no alternative
but to disregard this part of the report." This is the situation.
In this way they disposed of the problem indicated by the opening
sentence in their paragraph on radiation: "The most pertinent
question is whether the Geiger counter reading was correct."
By Dr. Gehman.

Two questions continually linger in my mind. First, was the
Air Force Beta-Gamma Survey Meter really the proper instrument to use, if the radiation might have been mainly or only of
momentary duration? This is a question which Sergeant Moody
Sergeant Moody always held down close to the ground, really
judged to discover radiation in a wide, general area? Was it
only the Beta Survey Meter that was used, or were there other
rays the Air Force report does not mention?

In this Air Force report there are a number of other curious
errors and misjudgments of fact, such as their saying that the
UFO had crossed Route 250 "at an altitude higher than a frame
house." The poles are approximately 35 feet high, and the object
(sic) poles are approximately 75 feet in height. Descent of the
object was at an angle and the object appeared to be spinning
slightly. Now I happen that those Virginia Electric Power
Company poles are declared by VEPCO officials to be from 30
to 35 feet high. If the object was 75 feet high, it would have
been as was estimated by the Sergents. If they had missed this
estimate by 5 or even 10 feet, it could be overlooked, but to miss
it by 40 feet seems to indicate a lack of precision on the part of
members of a responsible investigating team. And as to the
"spinning" of the UFO, we have heard Mr. Burns say repeatedly,
as he said in answer to Sergeant Moody's question that day,
that he did not notice any spinning.

For a quick rundown of some of these, note:

Page 1: (a) Sergeant Moody called my home at 11:30 a.m.
on Jan. 12, instead of at 9:00 a.m. as he said in his report to
his superiors. Small matter? Perhaps. When he called at 11:30
I had just bathed and shaved and was preparing lunch and
needed to shave and wash up and eat before we could get
together, which we did at 1:30.

(b) Describing the UFO: "The band of light was about 12
inches in diameter." He should have said "in width."

Page 2: (a) "The object rose straight up, tilted at an angle
and shot off into space." Mr. Burns had told him: "shot off
to the southeast." It had come from the north and east.

(b) "Direction of departure was about sixty degrees to the
right of its approach." However, the angle between north and
east is about 45 degrees.

(c) "Dr. E. G. Gehman stated that he had contacted occur-
rences of the adjacent farmhouses and that they had seen or
heard nothing." Correct: but since the Sergents accepted and
reported this fact, why not also my method of extended testimony
which would have given additional weight to the UFO investigation with me?

(d) "Dr. Gehman is head of a local UFO Hobby Club and
has a scientific background." This is pure fabrication. The
UFO Investigators are a serious group of college students conducting a scientific inquiry on the many locally reported UFO
phenomena. I have never appeared on a local radio program
on the subject of UFOs, although WGVA on Dec. 27 announced
some details of this investigation which I had given them two
months earlier at Eastern Mennonite College, as noted above.

Page 3: (a) "At no time during the thirty minutes of investigation was the highway empty of cars." This can be challenged,
for all of us were intent on Sergeant Moody's Geiger counter
traffic, and the highway was not empty during this entire investigation.

(c) Regarding Mr. Burns: "Without a thorough psychiatric
examination, no positive conclusion regarding hallucination is
possible. The witness's reliability is not questioned." This seems
like contradictory testimony. How can one consider a witness
reliable, if one also suspects that he may have hallucinations?
But since Mr. Burns' simple, frank testimony has brought these
points to light, I am glad that he has been willing to answer
questioning, even heckling, possibly it is not he who should have
a thorough psychiatric examination.

(c) There were additional witnesses to the Burns' sighting.
While it is true that at the time of the Air Force team's visit with
some of the persons who had seen the same UFO, yet two days
later Mr. Kelsey interviewed a 14-year-old boy near Staunton,

over the city in the direction from which Horace Burns saw it
coming. This sighting by Kenneth occurred on the same day
just a few minutes before the landing seen by Burns. The boy
called to his mother to come to see the object. His parents corroborate his son's story. In the same connection, the report
mentions that the boy's father, grandfather, great grandfather and son and still another man, of the UFO, apparently
immediately after it had left the landing site on Route 250, are
told in the local Staunton News-Leader of Jan. 14 and Daily
Dispatch articles. Sergeant Moody had at least the article of the
17th as mentioned earlier, but, without looking into these reports
at all, he could blandly say, "There were no additional witnesses."

The paper does not exhaust the inconsistencies and discrepancies in the Air Force report of its "official investigation."
One or two of those remaining the writers plans to take up with
Sergeant Moody. But all of these comments are made in the spirit of truth and an honest attempt to constitute strong proof that the
UFO investigation by the Air Force team was neither fair and open-minded. In consequence, a good many people in
the Shenandoah Valley feel that if other Air Force investigators
had been sent to this case, a different report would have resulted that the Aerial Phenomena Section of the Air Force,
Project Blue Book, has on the subject by no means undeserved.

While on the whole we have a very high regard for the United
States Air Force, its tremendous responsibility for the safety
of our country, its capabilities, standards of investigation, and
its personnel, yet we cannot help feeling that the Aerial
Phenomena Section of the Foreign Technology Division would
do well to seriously overhaul its principles, its methodology, and
some of its personnel.

Attestation: I believe the above report by Dr. Gehman
is a complete and accurate statement of Mr. Horace
Burns' UFO sighting and related matters.

[Signatures of Ernest G. Gehman and R. Clair Weaver]

P.S. Further confirmation: Just as we go to press we learn that
several homes in the landing region reported the fact that at
about 5:00 p.m. on Dec. 21 their lights suddenly dimmed and
went out, coincidental with the time of the reported landing.
The heads of these homes are said to have told this in the factory
where they work.

[Continued notes about NICAP and Keyhole]


- page 5 -

Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol 12, #1, March 1965'

Harrisonburg, Virginia
21 December 1964

VIRGINIA SAUCER LANDING LEAVES HIGH RADIOACTIVITY: On December 21st, Horace Burns, a Harrisonburg, Va. gunsmith, was driving on Route 250 a few miles east of Staunton, when he saw a UFO which he estimates to have been 125 feet in diameter. At the base, and 75 feet in height, the object was so large that he could not see all of it when looking at it through his car windshield. As the object crossed the road ahead of his, "some sort of force" was exerted on the car because the motor lost its power temporarily.

The automobile stopped dead as the UFO crossed the highway and came to rest in a meadow about 100 yards away. It was cone-shaped, and its circular sloping sides rose in six large rings that diminished in diameter to a dome on the top. All around the perimeter at the base of the machine there was a bluish glow and no band or beams of any sort. Mr. Burns stood beside his car for a minute or two, after which the saucer rose up and took off at very high speed in a northeasterly direction. After the UFO disappeared, the car operated normally, as is the usual case in such incidents.


- page 6 -

MO, Case (Information Only)
Source: Saucer News

Last January
Staunton, Va.

In our non-scheduled Newsletter #22 we gave the story of seven teenagers who said they saw a little man from outer space near Staunton, Va. last January. A photograph was also taken by the boys. In our report we stated that the story "has all the earmarks of a hoax." Now we learn that a local man named Donald Cash has admitted hoaxing the youngsters...We also have a follow-up on the Virginia landing story on Page 18 of our March issue. The Industrial worker who, on January 19th, saw three 37-inch-high beings emerge from a landed UFO, now has "physical evidence" by the U. S. Government. When asked by local newspapers to confirm or deny this rumor, the man had no comment. Although his name was not released by the newspapers at first, we have learned that he is William Blackburn, an employee of the General Electric Company...In rebuttal to the "physical evidence" found along a New Jersey highway last November (as described on Pages 17-18 of our March issue), over a dozen subsequent have accepted our offer to send a sample of the material to any person who has access to laboratory facilities. As yet, none of these people have reported back to us with the result of any analysis. However, Paul Hammer, a Chicago researcher, sent a sample to the U. S. Air Force, and received a letter from Wright-Patterson dated February 24th, a copy of which was sent to us. The Air Force (as was to be expected) identified the material as nothing more mysterious than ordinary glass fibers....


- page 7 -

Letterhead:
DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201

Date: Feb. 24 1965

Text of letter:
Dear Major -

I just wrote about what 7 got a reply from Dr. Gehman. 74 send it on - not too complimentary I feel. I hope NICAP doesn't see it.

With weather here is awful - been to get out all to O'Hare yet - the phone on for
with -them on else

Cheers -
Allen


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

FLYING UFO LABS, NEW HAMPSHIRE, VIRGINIA

A report prepared for NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA, WASHINGTON, D.C.

Possibly the most remarkable sighting of an unidentified flying object ever reported to have taken place in the Shenandoah Valley occurred at 5 p.m. on Monday, Dec. 21, 1964. Mr. Horace Burns, living at Trotters, Va., and commuting a small turnpike between John Dean's store in Harrisonburg was driving his Mercury station wagon a few miles east of Shenandoah on Route 250 toward Waynesboro, when he saw a huge metallic object coming out of the sky north of the highway. As it crossed Route 250 about 200 feet ahead of him, his motor stopped dead, "cooked out" as he tells it, and his car seemed to come to an unhandy "quick stop".

The UFO landed lightly "like a bubble" in a small meadow at a spot about 100 yards from the highway. Mr. Burns guided his car to the side of the road, got out and stood beside it, and framed in amazement at the awesome spectacle. That he saw resembled in shape an inside-down toy top, but the size of a real astronomical, "It was 125 feet in diameter, at least, and 60 to 90 feet high" he declares. And besides being generally cone-shaped, its circular, sloping sides rose in about 6 large, concentric convolutions that descended in diameter to a dome at the top.

Although in the gathering twilight craftsman Burns could not be sure of the exact nature of the material of which it was made, it appeared to be metallic, possibly an aluminum. He noted that at the perimeter at the base of the mysterious machine there was a bluish glow in a band about a foot, possibly 18 inches, wide. He could see no windows, doors, portholes, or even seams anywhere on the object. Nor did there seem to be any sort of landing gear, the vehicle had gently settled zine on its bottom on the ground, although he noted that the uneven surface was slightly curved.

The visitor from outer space rested on the meadow from 60 to 90 seconds and then with a "whoosh" the sound no doubt caused by the air rushing under it, it suddenly rose straight up. For several hundred feet, it distinctly took off in a northeasterly direction at a speed much greater than when it crossed the highway from the point where it first landed, which Mr. Burns estimates to have been about 15 miles per hour.

After it was gone, Burns got into his car again and was surprised to find, when he pressed the starter button, that there was nothing wrong with the engine and that a strange off at once. As he drove away he was evidently very much excited and engrossed in his thoughts about the apparition (as who wouldn't) but he?) For he cannot recall seeing any other vehicle coming or going on Route 150 for possibly a mile. But no doubt other cars on that busy highway must have been hit hard by the UFO's tremendous magnetic field, and other drivers must have witnessed the sight; we hope any such will make the next known.

Race Burns went home and told Mr. Burns the story of what he had seen, but declared he would not tell anyone else. "They'd think I'm crazy," he said. But days later, when Mr. Jim Hibb of NASA announced on the 6 p.m. newscast about the existence of the UFO sighted in an extracurricular club at Western Tennessee College, Mr. Burns convinced her neighbor that he should report his experience. He told it to NASA, who informed the investigators, who taped the story on Tuesday as it was told it. A Wednesday a preliminary checking of the area with a Geiger counter which revealed radio-activity of over 50,000 counts per minute. This was 9 days after the UFO had briefly rested there!


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Report to NICAP                                                 2

Let me an interesting and unplanned corroboration of Horace Burns' story, let me mention the fact that I found the exact landing area of the UFO by myself with the Geiger counter. At Burns had intended to accompany me to the spot, but when the hour arrived for us to go to the place four miles east of Staunton (which is 28 miles south of Harrisonburg) he could not leave his gumshop until a certain dealer in West Virginia had come to pick up a lot of guns which Burns had reported for the dealer's customers and which they had to have the next day to shoot out the old year and to shoot in the new.

So Mr. Burns told me how to find the meadow in which the object had landed and said he judged that the UFO had rested about 100 yards from the highway. But he gave me no further directions. I found the meadow, stepped off 100 yards along the west fence, and then went 10 steps farther. Then with the Geiger counter turned on, I walked across the field eastward. When I was about five-thirds of the distance across the meadow, the needle started to rise and in the area from there about 45 steps eastward the needle sprung off the dial a number of times. I trailed the probe stick by its flexible wire) in the dry grass and several times picked up highly radio-active particles that sent the needle off the dial. Even though I walked far off the landing site, he needle would not return until I had cleaned off the Geiger-Mueller P450 tube with a cloth.

Fortunately, before I was halfway through this investigation Mr. Harry Cook, a Dumont researcher engineer, and Mr. Zellner, while driving home from the day's work, and having learned the day before that the UFO had landed somewhere in that meadow, came the car, joined me, and corroborated my findings when they saw the evident radio-activity revealed by the Geiger counter. (See Jan. 17 Times-Dispatch). The Geiger counter I used was a Ludlum model 12 with a model P-15 probe. The counter's ranges are 0.2, 2, and 20 m/hr coinciding with 600, 6,000, and 60,000 counts per minute full scale with the P-15 probe. The several times that I had evidently picked up radioactive particles, I had the range set at 0.2, but the needle actually stayed off the dial even when I set the counter to the 2 and 20 ranges, and, as I said before, the needle did not return to near zero until I brushed off the tube with my handkerchief. After I had uncovered the tube in the probe stick the second time, to clean it off, I walked over the landing area with the probe stick and exposed tube held above five feet from the ground. While I was doing this, the needle wavered around the 17-18 milliroentgens per hour area. The rays so registered were evidently strikingly the tubes from various directions from the ground. And we noticed that when all three of us were near, to look at the counter dial, our bodies seemed to shield out many of the rays, so that the needle dropped back considerably. This would indicate that the radiation was not of the gamma ray type, because gamma rays will penetrate several feet of solid concrete, whereas a thin sheet of paper will stop the alpha rays and something like a one-inch board will stop beta rays.

On January 12 Technical Sergeant David Body and Staff Sergeant Harold Jones of the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, after telephone conversations initiated by the Dayton, Ohio, team, arrived to investigate the UFO landing site. Air Force officers accompanied the Air Force Investigators of the Eastern Mennonite College), and I accompanied the Air Force officers to the landing site and back to investigate, sergeant body had Mr. Airman call the nearby residents about his sightings, both on the way and on arrival at the place of the sighting. Also he questioned me as to my investigation of the landing site and discovery of the high radioactivity. To Mr. Dallas Karsey, reporter for the Richmond Times-Dispatch, who joined us while we were at work in the field, Sergeant


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Report to NICAP?                                   3

Moody said, "This is an unusual sighting. It's not routine. If it was routine, we wouldn't be here."

As the now six of us walked into the field, still covered with four inches of snow remaining from a six-inch fall of a few days before, it was no little gratification to me to see it. Burns led the group exactly to the area that I. Cook, Jr. found and I had found to be radioactive, and to hear him say, "Here, Gentlemen, is where this Thing stood." This was the first time Burns and I had been near the place at the same time.

Sergeant Moody, using a Model 2586 Beta-Gamma Survey Meter, after several times (rather perfunctorily, we felt) at 8 or 10 spots, first scraping the 4 inches of snow aside each time with his scoop, twice, when the needle started to rise, he adjusted, "What quickly made some adjustment on his Survey Meter which caused the needle to return to zero, and then said, "See, there's no radiation here!" On a third occasion (each of these witnessed by at least three persons), when he poked his instrument too far into a clump of grass (after he had kicked off the snow), several grass stubbles punctured the thin grey plastic-like film on the end of the meter and this time the needle shot up much higher than before, before he could jerk back the meter and examine the damaged film. But again he made the adjustment, lowered the meter more gently and said, "There's no radiation here." However, he acknowledged that the 3 readings and the 6 inches of snow that had fallen, since the time of my investigation on December 30, could have dissipated any radioactive isotopes deposited there on Dec. 21, depending on their half-life, of course. The Sergeants both seemed sufficiently impressed by all the facts they observed and heard related, that they said several times that of the 532 UFOs reported in 1964 and investigated by the Air Force (of which 16 were classified as unidentified or unexplained) this could well result in being the 17th for 1964.

In view of all these facts, when Mr. Burns and I each received our 3-page copy (dated January 27, 1965) of the Air Force report and findings on the Dec 21 UFO landing near Staunton, it was with considerable surprise and dismay that we found that the Air Force had decided there had been no such UFO sighting and landing. The report's concluding paragraph reads:

"CONCLUSION: It is believed that a vehicle of this size would be observed by additional witnesses at the time and location of the reported event. There were no additional witnesses. Grass and weeds were not depressed. There was a total lack of any indication that a vehicle had landed in the field. Investigation by Air Force personnel and subsequent analysis of the data collected fails to reveal any evidence of an alleged landing."

Apparently the honest, straightforward, detailed testimony by Horace Burns, as to what he saw in the air, on the ground, and in the car, and its effect on the motor of his car, and my testimony, supported by two technically experienced witnesses, as to the radioactivity of the landing site of the UFO, do not constitute evidence as far as the Air Force is concerned.

Strangely missing from the greatly detailed, 3-page report from the Air Force was any reference at all to the three marks and the 6 inches of snow that had fallen on the area between December 30 and January 12, which we reported to the Air Force team and which they could easily have verified at the local weather station. The two sergeants were very much aware of the 4 inches of snow still present in the field and thrown, which informs us that between these dates the total precipitation (8.7 inches of rain, 2.3 inches of snow) was exactly 1


- page 11 -

At 1000 hours, 11 Jan 1965, The Aerial Phenomena Section of the Foreign Technology Division received a letter (attached) from a civilian regarding an alleged landing of an unidentified flying object in Harrisonburg, Virginia on 21 Dec 64. The letter indicated that the witness's car had stalled and that radiation was present in the landing area. This radiation had been verified by one of Eastern Mennonite College. Upon receipt of this letter a telephone call was made to verify the alleged incident and to determine if a check had been made on radiation.

In view of the report of radioactivity and car stalling it was decided that an investigative team be sent from Wright-Patterson Air Force Base to conduct an official investigation of the reported incident. At 1600, 11 Jan 65 TSgt David N Moody and SSgt Harold T Jones departed W-P AFB for Harrisonburg, Virginia (Orders Attached).

An investigation was conducted on 12 Jan 65 and the following information was obtained. At 0900 a telephone call was made to the home and SSgt Moody was informed that he was to interview a student at Eastern Mennonite Club. Subsequent contact was made and an appointment for an interview with the witness, Mr [redacted] and [redacted] was arranged for 1330, 12 Jan. At 1330 Sgt Moody and Sgt Jones arrived at [redacted] gunshop at [redacted] in Harrisonburg, Virginia. Shortly thereafter a man and a student from Eastern Mennonite College arrived. This party then departed for the area of the sighting. The alleged landing site was on U S Route #250 between Waynesboro and Staunton, near Flaherty, Virginia. During the drive of approximately forty-five minutes the witness reported the essential details of his observation: Upon arrival at the landing site pictures were taken of the area and the reported path and description of the object were given by [redacted]. (Copies Attached)

DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT
The object was reported as tremendous in size, about eighty to ninety feet high and 125 feet in diameter. The shape corresponded to a large beehive. (Drawing Attached). No color was reported, the object being described only as dark. When asked its colors of the cars and other objects could be identified, Mr Burns stated that they could. He stated that the light condition at the time of the sighting was such that colors of the cars and other objects could be identified. No further such as doors, windows, means of propulsion or other characteristics were noted with the exception of a narrow band of light surrounding the object about six feet from the ground. This band of light was about 12 inches in diameter which would have been above a man standing on the ground adjacent to the object. No rays were noted and the light was described as florescent. It was not thin like the light could have been caused by a heat source. It was not similar to a welders torch or other flame. This light did not change in intensity. It was not an extremely bright light and the edges were sharply defined.

MOTION OF OBJECT
The object was first observed through the windshield in the upper left hand corner. Object approached from the North at an altitude higher than a transmission


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

.eport to :iGAP                                   4

waded in their low shoes for half an hour, although I had urged them on, on
their long-distance call from Ohio, to come prepared with galoshes.

Also missing from their report is any reference to the fact that two
research engineers (Messrs. Cook and Funk, used to Geiger counter work),
had witnessed the radioactivity of the landing area.  Curiously, the ser-
geants evinced no interest in talking to these two engineers, both of whom
live within a few miles of the area.  However, Sergeant Jacoby mentions in
his report that copies of several Richmond Times-Dispatch articles are at-
tached, including one written by Reporter Dallas Kersey on January 16 for
the January 17 issue.  "Body does not quote from the article, but he can
hardly have missed reading the following:

Nine days after Burns said he saw the 80 to 90-foot object, 
Gehman took a Geiger counter to the site to check for radiation.  He
knew that other reported UFO's have given off radiation.

Gehman got a "tremendously high reading" of radiation, and his
finding has been verified by H. W. Cook of Staunton, a research
engineer at Waynesboro's DuPont plant.  Gehman "was having a tizzy
because the needle was all the way off the dial," said Cook, who
has had considerable experience with Geiger counters in his work.

"It was a hot area," Cook said.  "We spent 45 minutes in the
field trying to tone this reading down.  We checked the radium dials
on our watches, even went over a small hill from the field, but
this was definitely an accurate reading.  The only thing I can say
is that it was not (radioactive)."

Another curious juggling of the facts appears near the bottom of page 2
as follows: (This refers again to the Air Force report)

"Examination of the field showed that gross and brittle weeds
stem had not been depressed or broken over any large area.  There
was no indication that a large vehicle or object of any significant
weight had landed in the field."

How could they make such a statement, when the facts are that the
meadow, of good quality grass, had been mowed and there were no brittle
weed stems in the field anywhere, to be depressed or broken down? And as
for the grass, how could the Sergeant know that it had not been depressed,
since it was covered with 4 inches of snow when they were there? The
photographs, widely published, taken by Mr. Kersey of Sergeant Loday and
Horace Burns bending over the Air Force Survey Meter, eloquently proves
the presence of at least 4 inches of snow.

Again, on page 3 of their report they refer twice to the reading I
had obtained on the Geiger counter, once that it was 50,000 counts per
minute, which is correct, but later this is equated with "50,000 mr/hr on
the check by Dr. Gehman," but this would multiply the radiation I found
by 120.  And they quote Major James Sproul as stating (apparently on the
basis of this misinformation) that such radioactive strength deposited on
December 21 should yield a positive return on January 12, which is without
a doubt incorrect.  But following on "a job well done," a statement, the report
says, "...there is no alternative but to disregard the Geiger counter
returns taken by Dr. Gehman."  In this way they disposed of the problem
indicated by their opening sentence in their paragraph on radiation: "The
most pertinent fact in the alleged landing was the Geiger counter reading
taken by Dr. Gehman."


- page 13 -

Report to NICAP                                                   5                                                                   Air Force

Two questions continually linger in my mind: First, was the/Beta-Gamma Survey really the proper instrument to use, if the radiation might have been mainly or only of alpha rays? And, second, was their particular instrument, which Sergeant Moody always held down close to the ground, really designed to discover radiation in a wide, general area? Immediately pinpointed? (Cf. photo on page 2 of Jan. 14 Richmond Times-Dispatch.)

In this Air Force report there are a number of other curious errors and misstatements of fact, such as their saying that the UFO had crossed Route 250 "at an altitude higher than a transmission power line to the left of the highway." These telephone (sic) poles are approximately 75 feet in height. Descent of the object was at an angle and the object appeared to be spinning slightly. Now it happens that those Virginia Electric Power Company poles are declared by VEPCO personnel to be 34 feet in height, which is not even half as high as was estimated by the Sergeants. If they had missed this estimate by 40 feet is more than one hopes, but to members of a responsible investigative team. And as to the "spinning" of the UFO, we have heard Mr. Burns say repeatedly, as he said in answer to Sergeant Moody's question that day, that he did not notice any spinning.

The report contains a number of other such discrepancies. For a quick run-down of some of these, note:

Page 1: (a) Sergeant Moody called my home at 11:30 a.m. on Jan. 12, instead of at 9:00 a.m. as he says in his report to his superiors. Small matter? Perhaps. When he called at 11:30 he told Mrs. Gehman that they had just arrived at a local motel and needed to shave and wash up and eat before we could get together, which we did at 1:30.

(b) Describing the UFO: "The band of light was about 12 inches in diameter." He should have said "in width."

Page 2: (a) "The object rose straight up, tilted at an angle and shot off in space." Mr. Burns had told him "shot off in a northeasterly direction." It had come from the north.

(b) "Direction of departure was about sixty degrees to the right of its approach." However, the angle between north and northeast is not 60 degrees.

(c) "Dr. E. G. Gehman stated that he had contacted occupants of the adjacent farmhouses and that they had seen or heard nothing." Correct, but since the Sergeants accepted and reported this fact, why not also my much more extended testimony of the two research engineers who shared my Geiger counter investigation with me?

(d) "... Gehman is head of a local UFO Hobby Club and has appeared on several local radio programs in the area." The UFO Investigators are a serious group of college students conducting a scientific inquiry on the locally reported UFO phenomena. I have never appeared on a local radio program on the subject of UFOs, although WSVA on 1/28, 27 announced the existence of this extraterrestrial UFO, although at Massanutten College.

Page 3: (a) "At no time during the thirty minutes of investigation was the highway empty of cars." "This can be challenged, for all of us were intent on seeing Moody's Geiger counter." As he also was. We consistently observed the highway traffic. JONES (?)

(b) Regarding Mr. Burns: "Although psychiatric examination is possible. The witness's no positive conclusion regarding hallucination is possible."


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Report to NICAP

reliability is not questioned." This seems like contradictory testimony.
How can one consider a witness reliable, if one also suspects that he may
have hallucinations? But since Mr. Burns' simple, frank testimony has through-
these weeks been consistent and unshaken under sometimes severe cross-ques-
tioning, even heckling, possibly it is not he who should have a thorough
psychiatric examination.

(c) The Air Force report states, as quoted above: "There are no/16/64/64
witnesses" to the Burns' sighting. While it is true that the time of
the Air Force team's visit we did not know of any other persons who had seen
the same UFO, yet two days later Kenneth Moody, a high-school boy, Kenneth Norton, of Staunton, who saw a large UFO traveling rapidly over the city in the direction from which Horace Burns saw it coming.
This sighting by Kenneth occurred on the same day just a few minutes before
the landing seen by Burns. The boy called to his mother to come to see the
object. His parents corroborate their son's story as to date and time of
sighting. A fuller account of this and of the sighting in the air by another
father and son and another man, off the UFO apparently immediately after it
had left the landing site on Route 250, are told in Reporter Kersey's January 13 and 17 Richmond Times-Dispatch articles. Sergeant Moody had at least the article of the 17th, as mentioned earlier, but, without looking into these reports at all, he could blandly say, "There were no additional witnesses."

This paper does not exhaust the inconsistencies and discrepancies in
the Air Force report of its "official investigation" one or two of which
the writer plans to take up with Sergeant Moody personally, but all of them together constitute strong proof that the investigation and subsequent/subsequent report was less than fair and open-minded. In consequence, a good many
people in the Shenandoah Valley feel that if other Air Force investigations
of the UFO reports may be judged by this one, then the general reputation that
the Aerial Phenomena Section of the Air Force, Project Blue Book, has on
the subject is by no means undeserved.

While on the whole we have a very high regard for the United States Air
Force, its tremendous responsibility for the safety of our country, its
capabilities, standards, and, by no means least, its personnel, yet we cannot help feeling that the Aerial Phenomena Section of the Foreign Technology
Division would do well to seriously overhaul its principles, its methodology,
and some of its personnel.

Signed: [Signature]
Ernest G. Gehman
Professor of German
Sponsor of UFO Investigators
Eastern Mennonite College
Harrisonburg, Virginia, USA


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
23 February 1965

Major Hector Quintanilla
Foreign Technology Division
Box 9494
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

I am enclosing a toasted copy of an AFRO bulletin. Please notice the reported Holloman Air Force Base case. This is the sort of case which prompts charges of Air Force secrecy, and I feel that it would be very wise to track this one down to itslair if at all possible. Apparently there was some conversation between the bomber pilot and the tower which the radio amateur accidentally overheard, but things like that can't get nipped in the bud at the very beginning. It gives an awful lot of grist for the mill of AFRO, etc. I don't know what can be done at this late date, but at the very least, the radio amateur and the newspaper report should be contacted to see just what the original stimulus was.

I am also enclosing a toasted copy of a note from Mr. [redacted]. He was the one who reported the Toledo case which was rather similar to the Monticello case. I have asked him to get some pictures made of the terrain around there at a nominal cost if necessary.

Reference 13 August 1964, 200 miles east of Dover (Atlantic); would it be possible to get the names of the crew members concerned? I would like to write to them and have each one give me a completely independent statement and drawing of what they reportedly saw. If this can be done, we may be able to take this off the unidentified list. Apparently these people were between two cloud decks and saw an object approaching them. It might have been a relatively stationary balloon which they were overflying and passed. Since everything over the Atlantic is carefully checked by radar, this is a puzzler, and it would be very interesting to get the comments of the individual crew members. I would like to find out how bright the object appeared and also whether they saw it to the rear of the plane.

Last Sunday I took occasion while leafing around to call this German professor at the Eastern Mennonite College in Harrisonburg, Virginia. This is his case, you will remember, that Dave and Sgt. Jones investigated. I also called [redacted] because I wanted to get straight on two points. One was how they would explain the fact that no one else on a well traveled road would have seen the object and also by talking to get a possible line on their personality quirks.

Gamer gave [redacted] a completely clean bill of health which, of course, I expected. Gamer being a [redacted] little diagnosed with his counter. Dave was using [redacted] me why Dave kept setting it back to zero whenever it showed a large reading. He also wanted to know how, when the ground was covered with four inches of snow, Dave could say categorically, that there were no traces of anything having landed.


- page 16 -

The field is apparently mowed, and he maintains that even without the snow a landing is a stubble field would be hard to detect. He also said that there were several other witnesses, but they did not want their names used. I told him that it would be very important to get the testimony of such witnesses because otherwise it was his word against the rest of the world. He said he would continue to investigate. He also said the road send me a copy of the report he turned in to NICAP. When I get it, I shall send you a toasted copy.

Gamon's feeling about the well-traveled road was simply that it was not as well traveled and furthermore even if there had been cars and other witnesses that in all probability no one would have wanted to say anything about it. For that of ridicule. He pointed out that it took six days to make his initial report! So one can take that for what it is worth.

When I talked to later in the day, he seemed a little too positive for my blood and a little too belligerent. I tried to trip him up on some fact, such as where he had said he originally saw it, however, and he invariably corrected. He said that there were no other cars on the road at the time, but, of course, in his excitement, I doubt that he would have noticed had there been a whole caravan. I think we need a psychiatrist here. What does a person need to eat to see a traveling beehive? Nevertheless, this will be one of NICAP's select cases. They simply will not believe the "psychological category" classification.

So much for that.

Chev—
Alba

P.S. Other material
has been sent report
I'm on my way work!


- page 17 -

TAB A     Letter from [redacted], 6 Jan 65

TAB B     Orders Directing TDY to Harrisonburg, Va

TAB C     Drawing of Object

TAB D     News Clippings

TAB E     Map of Area

TAB F     Miscellaneous Materials
           1. Photos of Area
           2. Geiger Counter Check
           3. Various Notes and Letters


- page 18 -

Broadway, Virginia
January 6, 1965

U.F.O. Investigation Office
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen:

I have a good friend at Eastern Mennonite College in Harrisonburg, Virginia, who is interested in U.F.O.'s. He told me that on December 21, 1964, a man was traveling on the highway between Staunton and Waynesboro about 5 P.M. when he suddenly stalled and as he drifted to a stop off the payment a large flat bottomed, circular and dome shaped object passed directly overhead, crossing the highway and gently settled to earth about 100 yards away. He judged the object to be about 125 feet in diameter.

I have no more details of the shape; however, he said it had a grey-blue glow around the perimeter. It sat there about 30 seconds and suddenly rose and left the area heading toward the mountain at a terrific speed. He got back in his car and the motor started promptly, so he drove away very shaken up.

This is probably routine to you, but the significant point is that [illegible text] acquired a Geiger counter from the college, took [illegible text] and had him show him the area. This was on December 26, 1964. The Geiger counter showed intense radioactivity in the spot where Mr. [illegible text] saw the object land. No doubt the area is still radioactive.

Dr. Gehman did not say what type of rays were present, but this should be of some help to you.


- page 19 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

-2-

Mr. has a in Harrisonburg, Virginia.
College, Harrisonburg, Virginia
Please acknowledge receipt of this letter.

Sincerely,
Broadway, Virginia 22815

RLS/ss

Note: Some words are obscured or blacked out, so I have indicated those with partial text.


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

REQUEST FOR AUTHORIZATION FOR TEMPORARY DUTY TRAVEL OF MILITARY PERSONNEL
Date: 18 Jan 1965

TO: ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER, HQ PTD
FROM: (Requester/Authority) ERIC T. JOURDEUIL, Colonel, USAF
Dep/Technology & Subsystems

TEMPORARY DUTY TRAVEL ORDERS
THE FOLLOWING INDIVIDUALS WILL PROCEED AS INDICATED, UPON COMPLETION WILL RETURN TO PROPER STATION:

NAME: DAVID E. MOODY, AF19549897
GRADE: TSgt
ORGANIZATION: HQ PTD (AFSC) USAF WRAPS, OHIO
SECURITY CLEARANCE FOR PERIOD OF TOY: SECRET

DEPART ON OR ABOUT: 11 Jan 1965
APPROXIMATE NO. OF DAYS (including travel time): THREE (3)

PURPOSE OF TOY: To investigate an operational project.

FROM: Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
TO: HARRISONBURG, VIRGINIA & vicinity
RETURN TO: Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

AUTHORITY: AFM 10-3, AFM 35-11
DATE: 11 January 1965
SPECIAL ORDER NO.: T-96

DISTRIBUTION: HQ Foreign Technology Dir(AFSC)USAF Wright-Patterson AB, Ohio

The document appears to be an official military travel authorization form for a temporary duty assignment.


- page 21 -

REQUEST FOR AUTHORIZATION FOR TEMPORARY DUTY TRAVEL O

TO: ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER, HQ ESTO
FROM: (Dispatching Authority) Col. Clonel, USAF
Dep/Technology & Subsystems

TEMPORARY DUTY TRAVEL ORDERS

THE FOLLOWING INDIVIDUALS WILL PROCEED AS INDICATED, UPON COMPLETION WILL RETURN TO PROPER STATION:

GRADE: 8807
NAME: HAROLD W. JONES, AF13450006
ORGANIZATION: HQ FED(AFSC)USAF, WRIGHT, OHIO
SECURITY CLEARANCE FOR PERIOD OF: SECRET

DEPART ON OR ABOUT: 11 Jan 1965
SPECIFY PURPOSE OF TDY: An operational project.
ITINERARY:
FROM: Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
TO: HARRISONBURG, VIRGINIA & VICINITY
RETURN TO: Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS: CIVILIAN CLOTHING AUTHORIZED

MODES OF TRAVEL: [Various checkboxes, with some marked]

AUTHORIZATION:
AUTHORITY: AGI 101, AFR 35-24
DESIGNATION AND LOCATION OF APPROVING HEADQUARTERS: Foreign Technology Div(AFSC)USAF Wright-Patterson AF Base, Ohio

[Official stamp and signature section at bottom of document]

AF FORM 628 is noted at bottom left of page.


- page 22 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

landing and obtained a reading on the geiger counter which he indicated had
a count of 60,000 counts per minute. Highway 250 has heavy traffic. At no
time during the thirty minutes of investigation at the landing site was the
highway empty of cars. There was constant traffic adjacent to the landing site.
tion on the geiger counter returns obtained by him. Further, this information
was requested in a letter from this office (TDEW) on 19 Jan 65 (Copy Attached).

The time of the sighting was reported as after dark during twilight. 
Lights were on in car and on the other cars on the highway. Sunset for
21 Dec at 3:30 PM was approximately 1545. Allowance should be made for the mountains
and horizon to the West. The end of astronomical twilight on the night of 21 Dec
was 1819. Apparent right ascension of the Moon on 21 Dec at 1730 was approximately
8 hours, 41 minutes with a declination of plus 22° 6 min placing the moon below
the horizon in the East, rising about 1930. On 21 Dec the moon was in full phase,
however, since the moon was below the horizon it did not add to illumination of
the area. Time of sighting is estimated as shortly after 1700.

ANALYSIS

Radiation: The most pertinent fact in the alleged landing was the geiger
counter reading taken by personnel on 18 Jan 65 Project personnel
consulted Major James Spoul, specialist in radiation. Major Spoul stated that
radioactive isotopes deposited on 21 Dec 64 and yielding returns with a strength
indicated in a news article, (60,000 mr/per hour on the check by investigator)
yield a positive return on 12 Jan. Since the geiger counter used by investigators
trained in its use and was in good working order there is no alternative but to
disregard the geiger counter returns taken by

CONSIDERATION OF POSSIBLE HALLUCINATION, PRANK OR A HOAX

a. During the conversations, interview and subsequent trip to the alleged
landing area the witness appeared normal. He exhibited no indications of suffering
from mental disorders. Without a thorough psychiatric examination no positive
conclusion regarding hallucination is possible. The witness's reliability is
not questioned.

b. Possibility of a prank or trick being played upon was considered,
since he is head of the local Civil Air Patrol. The particulars of the sighting
such as car stalling and radiation and an alleged landing give rise to this
speculation, however, no connection was established between and
to account for this possibility. This cause (prank) is considered remote.

c. Possibility of a hoax was considered. There is no apparent motive.
It seems unlikely that would expose himself to ridicule if the sighting
were determined to be a hoax.

CONCLUSION

It is believed that a vehicle of this size would be observed by additional
witnesses at the time and location of the reported event. There were no additional
witnesses. There was no confirmation of radioactivity in the area. Gross and
weeds had not been depressed. There was a total lack of any indication that a
vehicle had landed in the field. Investigation by Air Force personnel and subsequent
analysis of the data collected fails to reveal any evidence of an alleged landing.

3


- page 23 -

Large UFO Reported
Sighted in Augusta

By Dallas M. Kersey
Times-Dispatch News Bureau
FISHERSVILLE, Jan. 12 —
The reported sighting of a 50-
to-60 foot unidentified flying object near here today prompted
an air force investigation
team here Tuesday to-the site
where the object is believed to
have landed. But there was no
indication that the object had
been identified.

A (UFO) was reportedly seen by
Horace Burns a gunsmith working at Grottos, on December
21 while driving to Waynesboro
on Route 250 in the vicinity of
the object.

After a field inspection with
a Geiger counter, air force Sergeant Moody said only that
there was no radiation now in
the area where Burns said the
craft landed. He did not rule
out the possibility that there
could have been radiation earlier.

Burns' sighting of the UFO
was reported to the air force in
a letter from a resident of this
area of the Shenandoah valley
who asked that his name not
not disclose the name of the
person. Reports of sightings
have to be filed with the air
force before they are investigated.

At Open Meadows
Sergeant Moody headed a
two-man team from Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton,
Ohio, who investigated the reported sighting along U. S. Rt.
250 about a mile west of Open
Meadows near the entrance to
the Woodrow Wilson Rehabilitation Center in Augusta county.

This is an unusual sighting in that the investigating team
has had four years experience
checking out similar reports.
"It was routine," he said.

The UFO was described as
checked at Wright-Patterson
under what is called Project Blue Book.

During his tour years with
Project Blue Book, Sergeant
Moody said he has never run
into a case quite like this described by Burns.

Burns said he was driving to
Moneta, December 21, when
the same large, metallic object
coming out of the sky north off
the Highway.

At a cross road Rt. 250 about
50 feet ahead of him, the engine cut off "just as if I'd
turned it off." The UFO landed
in the field about 100 yards
from him. He got out of his car
and looked around. He described an "upside-down teacup"
craft came. "It was 125 feet
in diameter, at least, and 80
to 90 feet high," said Burns.

In describing the metallic object he said it was made almost entirely of metal. Like spun aluminum, he said. Around the perimeter of the base of the metallic object were small windows, he said.

The UFO rested in the meadow about one acre and one-half, landing "Burns said he
could see it for several hundred feet and could see no radiation at a very fast speed. It made only a soft "whooshing sound," he said.

He was then able to restart his car and drove to a nearby farmhouse and saw other cars came by while the object was in the ground.

"Zero Report"
Sergeant Moody said that although his office had 16 out of
500 reports last year for which
no explanation was found, Project Blue Book has had "zero reports like this." It does not conform with any known pattern.

Sergeant Gehrman, project coordinator at Eastern Mennonite
College at Harrisonburg, who sponsors a UFO investigation
club at the school, said he was
told by Burns of the sighting several days after the occurrence.

He visited the site on December 20 to take a radiation reading and said he had heard that in other areas of the country where similar objects have been sighted the ground was found radioactive.

Sergeant Moody said if there was any, could have worn off by now. This rules out the existence of certain types of radiation, he said.

The two servicemen, Burns and Gehrman Mennonite, spent about one-half hour Tuesday walking over the area where Burns said the UFO landed.

After Burns saw the UFO he told his wife, about it, but decided not to mention it to anybody because "they'd think I'm crazy." However, six days later by coincidence, the Times-Dispatch carried an article about Gehrman's UFO club. Burns contacted Gehrman and told Gehrman the entire story.

Sergeant Moody said he has investigated such reports as first investigated by officials from the nearest air force base, but this case was of an unusual nature that it was decided to check it directly. Once he has completed his investigation here, he will return to Wright-Patterson to report on his findings.

The investigators said that during Project Blue Book's 17-year history, only 17 per cent of the reported cases remain unidentified.


- page 24 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a hand-drawn sketch of what looks like a UFO or flying saucer, with a rounded, stepped shape reminiscent of a classic 1960s science fiction depiction of an extraterrestrial craft. The drawing is in black and white, with a dotted or sketchy line style.


- page 25 -

Here is the text from the document:

JOURNAL HERALD
Monday, Feb. 1, 1965

Virginia Sheriff Warns

Watch UFO's, Just Don't
Shoot At Little Green Men

RICHMOND, VA. - (AP) - A first west Virginia sheriff likes it's okay to watch for flying saucers in the skies, just don't shoot at the little green men he spotted accompanying them.

"This thing has gotten completely out of hand," says Sheriff Ira E. Kent of Augusta County. "It is now dangerous to county residents."

Almost daily, Virginians are reporting unidentified flying objects (UFO) in several parts of the state. And some claim they have seen little Martian types wandering around on the ground.

"Anyone can go out at night," says Kent, "and see reflections in the sky. But anyone carrying firearms in the county without good reason will be dealt with according to the law."

Besides, he adds, even if citizens from space have landed -

"Who's got the right to now claim down?"

Even the Air Force has gotten into the act. It has discontinued any embrace confirming existence of either flying saucers or little green men, but, for the record, a spokesman added:

"Our cases are never closed until the reported objects are sufficiently identified."

Last week a pastor added his name to the growing list of persons reporting sightings.

The Rev. H. Preston Robinson, pastor of the Chilhowie, Va. Church of God, said he saw a flying saucer over downtown Marion. "It stopped 600 feet above the ground," he said, "and had a round, shaped bottom from which several lights showed."

After one reported sighting, another professor Ernest Gehle of Eastern Mennonite College in Harrisonburg checked the site with a Geiger counter Dec. 30. He reported a high radiation level.

Grottoes reported in detail by some who flew, gave another made when he saw it land in Augusta county.

"I made a soft, swooshing sound," he said.

And at Staunton last Tuesday night, others saw and they saw - and chased - a small, green man near a rural road. He was described as three and a half feet tall.

The little green man was probably more other than Dora's old Caleb, whose in-the-flesh abilities are somewhat more available - hopefully, 150 pounds.

"But it didn't scare me," he said, "I didn't know what they would do if they got their hands on me."


- page 26 -

Here is the OCR text from the newspaper page:

Roanoke World-News, Friday, January 15, 1965

Man Tells Of Encounter With A 'Flying Saucer'

HARRISONBURG — Horace Burns told a crowd of several hundred people at Eastern Mennonite College auditorium last night about his sighting of a "flying saucer" on Dec. 25.

Burns, a Grotoes gunsmith, said he saw the object pass Fisherville as he was driving U.S. 250.

He described the object looking like a "classic, old-fashioned" flying saucer, with a bottom to top concentrating beam of light.

In Washington, Burns' description was termed "pretty typical" by Richard Hall, acting director of the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena.

Hall said Burns' report, that his car engine stopped when the saucer passed in front of him, is a fairly common feature of UFO reports.

Several unidentified flying objects have been reported in recent times, Hall said, in reports of latest having reportedly been tracked by Washington area radar.

Burns said Thursday he traveled 4,800 miles an hour in the object.

A team of Air Force investigators from Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Fisherville Jan. 7 to study the case, but found no evidence of radiation in the area.

There were seats visible and at least three windows, no apparent means of control or guidance, he said. He said he was certain it had intelligence and direction.

The sighting occurred near the Rehabilitation Center at Fisherville.

It rested on the ground one-and-a-half minutes, he said, and was several hundred feet then suddenly shut off as if on derrick turn to place.

Burns said there was no turbulence, heat or evidence of heat when the object was over his car, and when he saw the object and if it was big as two ordinary houses.

Several hundred persons filled the seats at the Eastern Mennonite College auditorium and some stood in the aisles to hear the report.

Prof. Gehman said a barrage of questions—some indicating great deal of excitement and some contradicting his statement—followed the "field" report.

Burns said Thursday he remained reluctant to investigate the sighting. Prof. Gehman said he would like to help Burns be highly radioactive. One area, he said, could possibly be said to jump off the register.

Prof. Gehman again walked over the area holding a Geiger counter measuring the radiation. The needle again jumped off the register.

Upon closer examination found the radioactive grass was less than an inch long and was causing the needle again to react so radically.

Prof. Gehman again adjusted the reading, he said, and then walked over the area holding the ground free of leaf and ground and it still registered very high.

More UFO Sightings Are Reported

WAYNESBORO (APY) — Three more sightings of unidentified flying objects (UFO) in the Waynesboro-Staunton area were reported today.

Mrs. Marguerite Bolton of Waynesboro said today she saw a round, orange-colored object.

Related story on Page 14.

[The rest of the text continues with additional UFO sighting details, but is partially cut off or illegible.]


- page 27 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing four silhouetted figures standing together, with a large blank area around them and a diagonal line or edge on the right side of the image.


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

A JOB CONT NO. 3. PRI. TIME SPEC RGD. WK AREA 6. EST M/HF. ORIG RPT NO. 7. REPORT NO. J 1.
28974 03422 J 1.

6. ITEM FSC 2c. PART NO. 2c. SERIAL NO.
6665 2586 1203

5. SYMBOL OR DISCREPANCY
DUE CALIBRATION

CUTIE PIE GEIGER COUNTER

BLDG 828 TOWN (6926/66328)

22 JAN 17 JUNE 64

BLDG 828 6926/66328

RECORDS ACTION
UNCL RELEASED □ REPLACEMENT □ DATA TRANSCRIBED
DISCREPANCY CHANGE ITEM □ TO APPROVED RECORDS

AFTO FORM 211 JUL 60 EDITION IS OBSOLETE MAINTENANCE DISCREPANCY/PRODUCTION CREDIT RECORD
JUL 60 EDITION MAY BE USED


- page 29 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing several figures standing in what seems to be a snowy or light-colored landscape, with the image contained within an irregular geometric border or frame.


- page 30 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a document or report page with a faint line drawing or diagram, but the text is not readable.


- page 31 -

The image appears to be a very low-quality, faded black and white document with a blurry photograph or diagram in the center. However, the text is completely illegible due to the poor image quality and contrast.


- page 32 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a mostly blank white or light gray document page with a faint angular line drawn vertically and then at an angle across the page. The image looks like it might be a technical drawing or sketch, but the details are very faint and difficult to discern.


- page 33 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

power line to the left of the highway. These telephone poles are approximately
75 ft in height. Descent of the object was at an angle and the object appeared
to be spinning slightly. No sound was heard. The car of the witness stopped
as though the car had run out of gas. The car proceeded about 50 ft down the
road and Mr Burns pulled the car to the side of the road. The object crossed
the road about 100 yds in front of the car and landed in a field to the right
about 100 yds from the highway. Total time of the landing portion of the report
observation was approximately 15 seconds, plus or minus five. The object was
reported to have landed in a field and remained there in excess of one minute
but less than two minutes. Mr Burns got out of the car, walked around to the
front of it and stood on the side of the road and looked at the object. At no
time was any sound heard. The object rose straight up to an estimated altitude
of about 200 ft, tilted at an angle and shot off into space, disappearing in a
matter of a few seconds. Direction of departure was about sixty degrees to the
right of its approach. A whoosing sound accompanied departure. There was no
exhaust or contrail noted.

CHECK FOR RADIATION

A thorough geiger counter check of the area was made. At no time was a
reading obtained to indicate any radioactivity above normal background radiation.
The dial on the watch of the college student with the man indicated a reading
of 1.5/mr. Subsequent to return from Fishersville the car of Mr _______ was
was checked with the geiger counter also. (59 mercury station wagon). The
only reading obtained was a reading on the left rear door similar to the returns
from the students wrist watch (1.5/mr). The check for radiation was made with
a Model 2566, Beta-Gama Survey Meter, manufactured by the Nuclear-Chicago Cor-
poration, serial number 1203. This instrument had been calibrated and was in
good working order. On 15 Jan 65 this instrument was checked for accuracy and
a calibration check on report number 03422J was made and the geiger counter found
to be in good working order. The range of the instrument is 0-2500 mr/hr.

PUBLIC RELATIONS

During the investigation at the alleged landing site, Mr Dallas M Kersey
news reporter from the Shenandoah Valley News Bureau, P O Box 346, Staunton,
Virginia arrived at the site. A copy of an article under his byline furnished
to the Richmond Times Dispatch appeared on the following day and a subsequent
article carried on 16 January 1965. Copies of these articles are attached.

ADDITIONAL DATA

Examination of the field showed that grass and brittle weeds stems had not
been depressed or broken over any large area. There was no indication that a
large vehicle or object of any significant weight had landed in the field. Dr
____________ stated that he had contacted occupants of the adjacent farm houses
and they had seen or heard nothing.

and has appeared on several local radio programs in the area. It was because
of one of these radio programs that he stated that he revealed his
observation. The object had been observed on 21 Dec 64 by _________ and be
contacted _________ on 29 Dec. On 30 Dec _________ went to the area of the alleged

2


- page 34 -

Broadway, Virginia
January 6, 1965

U.F.O. Investigation Office
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen:

I have a good friend at Eastern Mennonite College in Harrisonburg, Virginia, who is interested in U.F.O.'s. He told me that on December 27, 1964, a Mr. _______ was traveling on the highway between Staunton and Waynesboro about 5 P.M., when his car suddenly stalled and as he drifted to a stop off the payment a large flat bottomed, circular and dome shaped object passed directly overhead, crossing the highway gently settled to earth about 100 yards away. He _______ the object to be about 125 feet in diameter.

I had _______ details of the shape; however, he said it had a blue glow around the perimeter. It sat there about 3 seconds and suddenly rose and left the area heading toward the mountain at a terrific speed. He got back in his car and the motor started promptly so he drove away very shaken up.

This is probably routine to you _______ the significant point is that _______ acquired a _______ counter from the college, took _______ and had him show _______ the area. This was on December _______ 964. The Geiger _______ showed intense radioactivity _______ not _______ where the object landed. No doubt the area is still _______.

but this should be of some help to you.


- page 35 -

Eastern Mennonite College,
Harrisonburg, Virginia
Home phone


- page 36 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

FWD (THRU)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
19 January 1965

Eastern Mennonite College
Harrisonburg, Virginia

Dear Sir:

Before the complete evaluation of the sighting of 21 Dec 64 can be made we request that the information on your check for radioactivity should be reviewed. Consultation with experts in the field of radiation indicates that radiation despite on 21 Dec 64 and giving a count indicating by you on 30 Dec 64 would yield returns at present. If possible we would like to have the information on the geiger counter which you used and the data regarding your interview with witnesses at the adjacent farm house.

To date the only indication of an actual observation is the reported radiation registered during your check of the landing sight. We are enclosing a self-addressed envelope for your convenience in replying.

Sincerely,

DAVID I LOCUX
Tsgt, USAF
ATIC, Aerial Phenomena Branch


- page 37 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-

has a in Harrisonburg, Virginia.
Dr. is on the faculty at Eastern Mennonite
College, Harrisonburg, Virginia.
Please acknowledge receipt of this letter.

Sincerely,
Broadway, Virginia 22815

RLS/ss


- page 38 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

FTD (THEN)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
27 January 1965

Harrisonburg, Virginia

Dear Mr.

Reference your reported sighting of 21 Dec 64. We are enclosing our report on this observation for your information.

Sincerely,

DAVID H MOODY
TSGT, USAF
FCOID, Aerial Phenomena Branch

1 Atch
Rpt on Harrisonburg
21 Dec 64 sighting
cc:


- page 39 -

Here is the text from the document:

ONC 358

LEGEND
RELIEF PORTRAYAL
Elevations are in feet. HIGHEST TERRAIN ELEVATION
a 3,133 feet based on 1:50,000 or 1:25,000

TERRAIN CHARACTERISTIC TINTS
(areas of unrollable relief are devoid of tint)

[A detailed legend with descriptions of terrain characteristics and map symbols]

CONTOUR INTERVAL
1,000 feet with intermediates or 500 feet
(variations are shown on internal of the map)

[Detailed explanation of contours, spot elevations, and maximum elevation data]

CULTURE
[List of cultural features like towns, roads, trails, etc.]

The document appears to be a topographical map of a region including parts of Virginia, with cities like Richmond, Louisville, and Charlottesville visible. The map is labeled ONC 358 and provides detailed geographical information about the terrain, elevation, and cultural features of the area.


- page 40 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Some Believe, Some Doubt
UFO Story
By Dallas M. Kersey
Times-Dispatch News Bureau

STAUNTON, Jan. 15—A short, stout middle-aged man was at a hardware store in Staunton four days before Christmas buying some items for the purpose, he says, of checking his car's heater. At 5:30 p.m. he left the city headed east on U.S. Rt. 250 on the way to his home at Grottoes.

About eight miles out of Staunton, near Keezletown, Burns said he noticed a gigantic dark object floating about 200 feet above a field "like a bubble or several seconds before taking speed."

Burns said the object apparently caused the engine of his car to stop.

Burns was "astonished" at the time. He told his wife about it, but the family decided to keep the story a secret "because I thought people would think I'm crazy." But after hearing of other similar sightings—and after reading about other "UFO's" in the Shenandoah valley—he decided to tell his story publicly.

Some the episode was confirmed by The Times-Dispatch Wednesday with Burns' statement. He has no evidence of UFO's in the past.

One of his most ardent believers, for good reasons, is Ernest Gehman, professor of German at Eastern Mennonite College and a UFO investigator who recently formed an investigating group.

Nine days after Burns said he saw the 30 to 50-foot object, Gehman took a Geiger counter to the scene to check for radiation. He found no unusual readings.

Gehman got a "tremendously high reading" of radiation, and his finding has been verified by H. M. Cook of Staunton, a research engineer at Wayne State University.

Gehman said Cook, who had considerable experience with Geiger counters in his work, said: "It was a hot area." Cook added: "We spent 5 minutes in the field trying to calm things down. We checked the radiation dials on our watches, even went over a small hill from the field, but this was definitely an unusual reading. The only thing I can say is that it was not radiation."

To Test Soil
Gehman said he plans to take samples of the soil in the field in the next few days for laboratory tests.

Last Tuesday, 22 days after Burns' sighting, the air force sent two men here from Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, at Dayton, Ohio, to investigate a report they had gotten of the UFO sighting from a local resident. The air base is headquarters for project Blue Book which investigates sightings of UFO's reported to the air force.

After a 30-minute investigation in the field with Geiger counters, the servicemen reached the conclusion that there is no radiation in the field. They could give Burns no explanation for what he saw, but Professor Gehman has prepared a report of the incident to be sent with the National Investigations Committee at Washington. NICAP receives all reports on UFO's, exchanges them and catalogues its findings.

It was nearing dusk on December 21 when Burns said the vehicle made no noise except for a slight "whooshing sound" where it had no visible doors, Gehman also said he feels that possibly the word "worlds" from a bedroom window might have some connection with the incident.

Not Routine Sighting
Until Sergeant Moody files his report his findings will not be known. But Burns says this is an unusual sighting. "It's not routine. If it was routine we wouldn't be here."

When the question was raised last week whether Burns was telling a true story or one he had fabricated, he brought the young boy home to his aid. Kenneth Staunton Jr., 14, said he had seen a similar object about the same time on the same day near the Burns home near Staunton home. He told his mother about the object on the same day—December 21.

Urged by Professor Gehman to notify him if others had seen the same object, three persons came forward with information about an unusual object about the same time. A research engineer and his son near Waynesboro airport were outside and also saw a strange effect. Another man who lives in Waynesboro reported seeing a UFO.

Although residents of this area have responded with interest to Burns' account, many are still skeptical and point to the loopholes in his story.

The question most often raised is why weren't other cars stopped by the flying vehicle as Burns says his was; also, Rt. 250 is a heavily traveled road in this area, yet he doesn't report seeing any other cars on the scene nor have any other beings been seen.

Professor Gehman has prepared a report of the entire incident to be sent with the National Investigations Committee at Washington. NICAP receives all reports on UFO's, exchanges them and catalogues its findings.

"Through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God." — Hebrews' View

There are similar stories with other points clearly told by Major Donald Keyhoe of Luray, a retired major corps pilot who is now director of NICAP. He is a noted authority and author on UFO's. "We must be narrow-minded of us to believe that we are the only living creatures in a galaxy with billions of stars and several million planets," he said.

It is very possible that another planet, possibly not in our solar system, has life on it developed hundreds, or even millions, of years ahead of us enabling them to travel great distances through space, pointed out Major Keyhoe.

Major Keyhoe's main concern in the entire subject of UFO's is the attitude of the air force toward the field of these technological developments.

"The high level policy of the air force is to play this thing (UFO reports) down," Major Keyhoe said. "They publicly deny everything until they have more answers."

The air force maintains in a publication on Project Blue Book that "to date, no unidentified aerial phenomena has given any indication of threat to national security," there has been no evidence of a threat or discovered by the air force that unidentified sightings represented technological developments of scientific knowledge; and finally, there has been nothing in the way of evidence other than terrestrial vehicles under intelligent control.

Major Keyhoe counters with: "I think the same as the air force secrecy does—these vehicles are from another planet. I believe they are here now."

Regardless of what the future has in store for this planet and UFO's, Keyhoe is concerned that presently an accidental nuclear war could be triggered by misunderstandings.

"The air force secrecy is dangerous," Keyhoe said. "UFO's could be mistaken for an enemy attack." He said. Many have been picked up on radar screens, he added.


- page 41 -

Here is the text from the document:

Horace Burns of Grottos Works at His Trade-
Gunsmith Reported UFO in Augusta County

T-D News Bureau Photo

Prof. Ernest Gehman
Cites Bible

Maj. Donald Keyhoe
Hits Air Force Policy


- page 42 -

This image appears to be a detailed road map of a region in the United States, primarily showing parts of Ohio, Kentucky, and surrounding states. The map includes numerous cities and towns such as:

Cincinnati
Dayton
Springfield
Columbus
Lexington
Portsmouth
Hamilton
Washington
Georgetown

The map contains numerous road and highway lines, county boundaries, and is marked with latitude lines (38°, 39°, 40°) and longitude lines (83°, 84°). There are also some numbered grid sections and various elevation or route markers. The map is in black and white and appears to be from an older era, likely from the 1960s based on the document context.


- page 43 -

This image is a topographical map showing various regions of West Virginia. The map includes numerous cities and towns such as:

- Huntington
- Charleston
- Parkersburg
- Ashland
- Morgantown
- West Virginia University

The map is divided by latitude lines (83°, 82°, 40°, 39°, 38°) and shows rivers, roads, and terrain elevation. The map appears to be black and white and covers a significant portion of West Virginia, showing the geographical layout of the state with its various geographical features and transportation routes.


- page 44 -

This case includes file (5) 3½ x 4½ photographs.


- page 45 -

This image appears to be a topographical map of a region in West Virginia and surrounding areas. The map shows various cities and towns such as Washington, Wheeling, Morgantown, Fairmont, Clarksburg, and others. The map is detailed with elevation markings, rivers, roads, and geographical features like mountain ranges. The map covers an area that includes parts of West Virginia, Pennsylvania, and potentially small portions of neighboring states. The map is in black and white and appears to be from an older document, with a vintage cartographic style typical of mid-20th century maps.


- page 46 -

Here is the text from the document:

AERONAUTICAL INFORMATION

Major aerodrome: 6000 feet diameter circle when shown at 1,500,000 scale. Center of circle represents location of airfield.

Major aerodrome:
runway pattern not available

Jet facilities available
Seaplane base

Aerodrome are shown for their checkpoint value and for possible emergency use. Major aerodrome in length) are shown by patterns when this information is available. Minor aerodrome (with those surface runways or hard surface runway over 3300 feet in length) are portrayed by a small circle.

Vertical obstructions
(unlabeled obstructions are towers)

Vertical obstruction with landmark
significance

RELIABILITY OF VERTICAL OBSTRUCTION DATA
Estimate of obstruction and accuracy of height
varies closely with source and method of survey.

Typical Military Climb Corridor
Altitude limits are not exact above 27,000 MSL.
Corridor area may be used for planning purposes
only. Actual climb performance will vary.

ONC 358

INDEX TO ADJOINING SHEETS
308     309
358     357
359
410     409


- page 47 -

Here is the text I can read from the image:

ELEVATIONS IN FEET

USAF OPERATIONAL NAVIG

PUBLISHED BY THE AERONAUTICAL CHART AND INFORMATION CENTER
UNITED STAT

The rest of the text is part of a map showing various geographical features, cities, and latitude/longitude lines. The map appears to cover a region in Virginia and surrounding states, with elevation markings and scale indicators at the bottom of the image.


- page 48 -

NATIONAL NAVIGATION CHART

PREPARED BY THE AERONAUTICAL CHART AND INFORMATION CENTER
ST. LOUIS 9, MO.

LAMBERT CONFORMAL CONIC PROJECTION
STANDARD PARALLELS 36°40' AND 37°20'
COMPILED FROM VARIOUS SOURCES

NAUTICAL MILES
STATUTE MILES

ELEVATIONS IN FEET

NOTE: IT IS REQUESTED THAT ALL USERS OF THIS CHART REPORT ERRORS OR OMISSIONS TO THE COMMANDER, AERONAUTICAL CHART AND INFORMATION CENTER, SECOND AND DELMAR, ST. LOUIS 18, MISSOURI, ATTN: ACS-4.

The image contains a detailed topographical map showing various geographical features, roads, and elevation markers across what appears to be a region in Virginia, with longitude and latitude coordinates marked along the edges.


- page 49 -

CAUTION
AIR INFORMATION CURRENT THROUGH
17 JUNE 1968
Aeronautical Information is subject
to change. Consult current publica-
tions for latest information.

This chart is issued currency. Consult
NOTAMS and USA FLIP MANUAL and
other publications for the latest in-
formation, the Chart Updating Manual
for other chart revision information.

KANAWHA RIVER
UNITED STATES
ONC 358

9TH EDITION

[The rest of the text is part of the map legend and scale information, which includes details about elevations, nautical miles, and statute miles.]


- page 50 -

Here is the text from the document:

KANAWHA RIVER
UNITED STATES
ONC 358

SCALE 1:1,000,000

9TH EDITION

[Note: The rest of the text is part of the map, which includes city names like Lynchburg, Roanoke, Danville, and geographic coordinates. The map covers parts of Virginia and shows various roads, rivers, and geographic features.]


- page 51 -

Here is the text from the document:

quoted Keyhoe's well-known views on the dangers inherent in
withholding information. An accidental nuclear war could definitely be triggered by Russia or the U.S.

"The high level policy of the air force is to play this thing
down," Major Keyhoe said. "The policy is to deny everything
until they have more evidence."

Major Keyhoe answers the Air Force's negative findings, one
of which is "that there has been nothing in the way of evidence
to indicate that these unidentified sightings were
extra-terrestrial vehicles under intelligent control."

Major Keyhoe contends with the Air Force's contention that
with far superior intelligence to ours - these vehicles are from another planet


- page 52 -

December 21, 1964--Fisherville, Virginia-- Gunsmith Horace Burns reported a 125 foot in diameter and 80 to 90 foot high saucer which landed in a nearby meadow for two minutes near Woodrow Wilson Education Center. A high background radiation count was detected by Professor Ernest Gehman of the Eastern Mennonite College at the site the next day.

SOURCE: Staunton Leader, Virginia.


- page 53 -

16 The Herald-Dispatch - Mon., Feb. 1, 1965

Just Don't Shoot, Sheriff Warns

Virginians See Flying Saucers

By TOM PENDERGAST
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) - A host of Virginia UFO watchers are keeping a sharp eye on the skies.

"This thing has gotten completely out of hand," says Sheriff John E. Kent of Augusta County. "It is now dangerous to county residents."

Almost daily, Virginians are reporting "unidentified flying objects" - UFO - in several parts of the state. And some claim they have seen little green men.

Just don't go shooting says Kent, "and see reflections in the sky. Just don't shoot without good reason we'll deal with according to the law."

Besides, he adds, even if creatures from outer space have landed - "Who's got the right to move them down?"

Even the Air Force has gotten into the act. It has discounted any evidence confirming existence of either flying saucers or little green men. But, for the record, a spokesman adds: "Our case is never closed until the reported objects are sufficiently identified."

"Anyone can go out at night."


- page 54 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FSIC BULLETIN
FOR
OCTOBER,
NOVEMBER,
DECEMBER, 1964
and
JANUARY,
FEBRUARY, 1965

PREPARED BY THE FLYING SAUCER
INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE OF AKRON, OHIO
P.O. DRAWER G - AKRON, OHIO 44305

VOL. 2 NO. 1

GIGANTIC UFO LANDS NEAR STAUNTON, VIRGINIA

VIRGINIA HIT BY "SAUCERS"

Unidentified flying objects were everywhere - or so it seemed, during last December and January. Especially was this true in Augusta County in western Virginia. (386 parallel)

Many Virginians from various walks of life reported sightings of mysterious objects in the sky, some of which were seen moving over the Virginia countryside.

Professor Ernest Gehman, of Eastern Mennonite College, at Harrisonburg, Va., entered the picture at that time. (Harrisonburg 20-30 miles north) Prof. Gehman launched himself into the investigation and found himself unexpectedly involved in a succession of fast moving discoveries.

The report is thoroughly complete, and clearly written. But a greater value attaches, that of his first-hand contact with the Air Force investigating team. His keen observation and insights touch familiar bases in the continuing controversy over UFOs.

Dr. Gehman's report follows, complete and unabridged.

GIGANTIC UFO LANDS NEAR STAUNTON, VIRGINIA
(Report on Sighting, Radiation, and Air Force Investigation)

Possibly the most remarkable sighting of an unidentified flying object ever reported to have "taken place in the Shenandoah Valley" occurred at 5 p.m. on Monday, Dec. 21, 1964. Mr. Horace Burns, living at Grotoes, Va., and conducting a small guesthouse business, was driving his 56 Mercury station wagon a few miles east of Staunton on Route 250 toward Waynesboro, when he saw a huge metallic object coming out of the sky north of the highway. As it crossed Route 250 about 200 feet ahead of him, he made a stop and observed it for several seconds before it made an unnaturally quick stop.

The UFO landed lightly "like a bubble" in a small meadow at a spot about 100 yards from the highway. Mr. Burns guided his car to the side of the road, got out and stood back a moment. The object was round and compact, and assembled in shape an upside-down toy top, but the size of it was enormous. "It was 125 feet in diameter, at least, and 80 to 90 feet high," he estimated. The object was circular, sloping sides rose in about 6 large, concentric convolutions that decreased in diameter to a dome at the top.

Although in the gathering twilight Craftsman Burns could not be sure of the exact nature of the material of which it was made, it appeared to be metallic. He could see no windows around the perimeter at the base of the monstrous machine there was a bluish glow in a band about a foot, possibly 18 inches, wide. He could see no windows, doors, portholes, or even seams anywhere on the object. Nor did there seem to be any sort of landing gear. The object appeared to be sitting flat on the ground, although he noted that its underside was slightly curved.

The visitor from outer space rested on the meadow for from 60 to 90 seconds and then with a "whoosh," the sound no doubt caused by the air rushing under it, it suddenly rose straight up and immediately took off in a northeasterly direction at a speed much greater than when it crossed the highway from the north the first time, which Mr. Burns estimates to have been about 1.5 miles per hour.

After it was gone, Burns got into his car again and was surprised to find, when he pressed the starter button, that there was nothing wrong with the engine and that it started off at once. He drove away he was evidently very much excited and engrossed in his thoughts about the apparition (as who wouldn't be?). For he cannot recall passing any other vehicle coming or going on that busy highway. The only other car on that busy highway must have been held by the UFO's tremendous magnetic field, and other drivers must have witnessed the incident. But Burns was too preoccupied to note any other fact known.

Horace Burns went home and told Mrs. Burns the story of what he had seen, but declared he would not tell anyone else. "They'd think I'm crazy," he said. But his days later, when Mr. Jim Shipe of WSVA announced on the 8 p.m. newscast about the existence of the UFO Investigators as an extra-curricular club at Eastern Mennonite College, Mrs. Burns convinced her husband that he should report his experience. He told it on Monday to Mr. Shipe, who informed the the underground grapevine of the UFO. It in his gumshop. I had never known or heard of Horace Burns before that Monday afternoon. On Wednesday I made a preliminary investigation and found the radiation count was over 60,000 counts per minute. This was 9 days after the UFO had briefly rested there!

As an interesting and unplanned corroboration of Horace Burns' story, let me mention that I found the exact landing spot (which is 25 miles south of Harrisonburg) he could not leave his gumshop until a certain dealer in West Virginia had come to pick up some customers and which they had to have the next day to shoot out the old year and to shoot in the new!

(Continued on Page 2)

[Diagram of the landing and departure of a gigantic UFO 4 miles east of Staunton, Virginia, at 5:00 p.m. on December 21, 1964]


- page 55 -

