PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 17 July 64  13/2145

2. LOCATION: Berea, Ohio

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: [blank]

8. PHOTOS: ☐ Yes  ☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: ☐ Yes  ☒ No

10. CONCLUSION: Balloon. Dwelling, motion, flight, and all characteristics of a balloon observed.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: [partially illegible, only part of the text is visible]

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)  Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some words are difficult to read due to handwriting and image quality, so I've transcribed as accurately as possible]

[Top of page has some blacked out text/lines]

[Date appears to be partially visible, but not fully legible]

[Main body of text begins with a handwritten letter, starting with:]

To: [partially illegible]

[The rest of the text is a handwritten narrative, which appears to be describing an event or observation from July 17, 1966. However, due to the handwriting and image quality, a complete verbatim transcription would require careful review. The text seems to describe some kind of sighting or incident, but specific details are challenging to discern with complete certainty.]

The text is handwritten and significant portions would require careful cross-referencing to ensure accurate transcription. The document appears to be part of a report or letter related to an event or observation.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some words are difficult to read with complete certainty, so I've transcribed as accurately as possible]

[First paragraph is partially illegible, with fragments of words and sentences visible]

... naturally taken in spring at place ... figure to change color ... straight out. We ... happy to ... of patient ... 

... light white light he might ... was able ... 
would. I had a direct course a apt heading at speed 14 miles under. It completely turned at the line facing to hear left, made a slight ... and left ... 

... constitution such as agreement - fluctuations ... reply 72.4 ft - was over there ... with position ... in answer to altered application (?) ... 

... having line made in time for the man said it shows in invisible motion ... by day then employ as over head to recently made about motion needs deriving ... 

[The bottom of the page contains two black redacted/censored lines]

The text appears to be a handwritten document with some sections that are difficult to fully decipher.


- page 3 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Blue's View 4017

Div. Technical Letter Agency Div.
Wright-Patterson G. Limit
Dayton, Ohio

There are also some partially obscured or blacked out text sections and some postal/administrative stamps on the right side of the document.


- page 4 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDSN                                                                   6 August 1964

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information (Mrs. [redacted])

TO: HQ USAF SAFOL-83 (Mrs. Gaiser)
    WASH 25, D. C.

Reference the attached letter from Mrs. [redacted] of [redacted]
Street, Berea, Ohio 44017. Information presented in her letter was
insufficient for evaluation. It is requested that a PID Form 164 be
forwarded to her for completion. Also we are at a loss to explain to
her why the observation was considered with a bolide meteor or no
characteristics of a meteor observation were presented in her letter.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
L. R. JOHNSON
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch


- page 5 -

September 3, 1964

Dear Mrs. [redacted]

This is in reply to your recent letter to our Project Office at Wright Patterson Air Force Base, concerning an unusual object you and your husband sighted on July 17th.

That office advises that your letter did not contain sufficient information for an evaluation of the sighting. Enclosed is an Air Force Form 164. It is requested that you complete this Form in as much detail as possible and return it in the enclosed envelope. Upon its receipt, another attempt will be made to evaluate the observation.

We wish to thank you for advising us of this unusual observation.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mrs. [redacted]
Berea, Ohio 44017


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena here you can. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
17     July     1964
Day     Month     Year

2. Time of day:     9:15     A.M. or P.M.
(Circle One)     Hour     Minutes

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One)     a. Eastern
                b. Central
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

(Circle One)     a. Daylight Saving
                b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Middleburg Heights     Cleveland, Ohio     Cuyahoga County
Nearest Postal Address     City or Town     State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)     8-10     Minutes
                                                    Hours     Minutes     Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly precise     c. Not very sure
                    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?     Checked watches
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?     Yes     No

6. What was the condition of the sky?     DAY     NIGHT
                                        a. Bright     a. Bright
                                        b. Cloudy     b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)     a. In front of you     d. To your left
                b. In back of you     e. Overhead
                c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 64 164     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

SURROUNDED BY A F OR M
(FORM)

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
LIKE A LIGHT BULB FLARING BEFORE IT BURNS OUT

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

BOTTOM EDGES BANDS OF COLOR OR UPPER SHADED:
GOLD, ROSE, SHADOW, WHITE, LIGHT IN CENTER
BOTTOM EDGES SHADOW, WHITE, LIGHT IN CENTER
BAND SEEN IN PEN BLADE AT LIGHT SPEED OF
STEAL IN A GREAT MOVE ACROSS SKY

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker? ROCKING MOTION
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
[No text in response]

15. Did the object move behind something of any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something of any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound: NONE
    b. Color: TOP SOLO APPEARED WHITE, ORANGE BLUISHGREEN

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match:

IT I HAD DONE THIS MARCH WOULD HAVE BEEN LIKE A DROP IN THE BUCKET
3 TO 4 FEET IN DIAMETER TO 1 ft

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Leave and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially ashamed how it was or was not. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

ANSWERED ON PAGE 8


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? WERE DRIVING SLOWLY, OBJECT AT FIRST SEEMED STATIONARY THEN MOVED AROUND ONTO HIGHWAY AND STOPPED OR HUNG.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? IT WAS ABOVE THE TREES AND POLES.   NO I VERY HIGH.
40 FT.   ABOVE TREES AND POLES

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)   ON ROAD (NITELY)

23. Where you (Circle One)
a. in the business section of city?
b. in the residential section of a city?
c. in open countryside?
d. near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 d. South
b. Northeast             e. Southwest
c. East                  f. West
                         g. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? APPROX. 15-20 Miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses           Yes   No     e. Binoculars        Yes   No
b. Sun glasses          Yes   No     f. Telescope         Yes   No
c. Windshield           Yes   No     g. Theodolite        Yes   No
d. Window glass         Yes   No     h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

CAN'T


- page 10 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" or "B" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 11 -

TWGO/Atj Mills/57223
Meteorological Data

EWO (Mtg) Quintanilla)
(Asst Secy)

DEC 3 1964

1. Reference your November request for meteorological data. The attached data are for 1964 dates: 4 Apr, 16 May, 9-10 and 13-19 July.

2. I have extracted the wind data for Boston and Cleveland areas.

3. Please call if any further explanations are needed.

GEORGE MILLS II
Major, USAF
Meteorologist

6. Misc
1. Boston and Cleveland
winds, 13-19 Jul 64
2. Madison, Wisconsin
3. San Francisco, Calif.
4. Washington, D.C. 16 May
Surface Data
5. Portland, Me., Boston,
Mass. and Nantucket, Mass.
July 16-19 Upper Wind Data
6. Toledo, Ohio and Pittsburgh, Pa., 17-13 July Upper
Wind Data
7. Aerologic Charts for
Missouri area, 9-10 July


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
NEVER

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[REDACTED]
CLEVELAND OHIO 44017
(WIFE)

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED]   CLEVELAND   OHIO
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]   AGE   47   SEX   MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
WAS TRAINED IN U.S.M. AS GUNNER. FEEL TRAINING RECEIVED STILL WITH ME SIGHTED ABOVE, BELOW AND AROUND OBJECT. TOOK NO FIX ON CENTRAL LIGHT SO SAW SURROUNDING SHAPE.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[PARTIALLY REDACTED] MADE THE CONTACTS IN ACCORDANCE WITH ME. BUSY AT WORK.


- page 13 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    SEPTEMBER    11     1964
                                                     Day    Month     Year

15. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or narrative explanation of your sighting:

At this time, on Midway Rd., two Farm residents spotted a large, elongated object coming from the N. The object's steady flight to the S.W. took it past the observers who were facing N.W. The object was large as a dime' blinked away (they were facing N.W.) with a bright-white on a much less intense white. (the object was constantly illuminated) Its general shape was round, maybe oval. The object moved along steadily and swiftly, disappearing high in the S. W. Direction 2-3 miles, no sound, no other lights.

The weather clear.

ABOVE COPIED FROM  F. S. I. C. BULLETIN AKRON OHIO
WHICH WAS GIVEN TO US. ??????????


- page 14 -

Text found in the image:

Page 8

WHITE
ORANGE
BLUISH
GREEN

SHADOWY AREA

BRIGHT
LIGHT


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

Dear Major Jacobs:

Hope the enclosed information will give you interest. Nowadays since only one or two towns 14 were studied, more than these were two (2) individuals observing. Some answered the questions concerning my own sightings on separate sheets, following the order as nearly as possible. I was 19 & 8 hrs. worked out appropriate to the courtesy of yours replying.

This experience was most unusual. We cannot easily pass it off.

Sincerely,

[Signature area blacked out]
Cleveland, Ohio 44017


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

4

July 1964 (Friday)

2. F.M.

3. Location - Middleburgh Heights, Ohio Cuyahoga County

4. Sighting - 8-10 minutes (total duration)

5.1 Loose waters

5.2 Yes (in sight continuously)

6. Night sky - Bright with stars - clear

7. -

8. Many stars - night-blue sky - don't remember white the moon

9. Clear sky - dry weather

10. Object appeared as a solid light to me.

11. Cannot compare this light to starlight.

11.1 Then did it was quite stationary - really was watching a light ground (rest of text illegible)


- page 17 -

Cont.

w.w. Started to see new building.
Clear v cold.

12.0. sharply outlined
B. a few
a. new
c. no
d. no
e. new - sometimes edge, turned a glowing point
to red - like a coral in the dark glowing point
f. new - diminished in size
g. now
h. yes - it disappeared after we traveled 1/4 yard.
14. yes - started above
15. No-
16. No-
17. a. No sound
18. first seen as an intense white light a moving
unchanged position, color
Via photo g having

19. w. won't answer to any query. slight noise


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S.D.A. (Head Rd)

R.C. Green

Diameter diminished area approximately to 1/4 low fourth original diameter)

Pursuit estimate speed of object
at first was followed slowly, gradually went to 55 M.P.H.

Low altitude - twice as high as nearby telephone poles

In mid-position there - residential quiet - occurred a

We were having lunch

The document also contains a hand-drawn diagram with compass directions, a spiral shape, and various other markings and symbols.


- page 19 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

26. Answered in question 19.

29. No-

30. Yes - my husband.

31. [Redacted/blacked out text]

32. [Redacted/blacked out text]

Cleveland, Ohio - 4604

The document also contains two diagrams:
1. A curved angle diagram with markings from 0° to 60°
2. A circular compass-like diagram with cardinal and ordinal directions marked

Some text at the top of the page is partially illegible.


- page 20 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

5

[Some text at the top left is partially illegible]

Note: [something] N.U. & c.

Institute [something] etc.

[Some text in the middle is partially illegible]

[Something] at Told to contact Mr. [illegible]
[Something] now the first time about
N.U. & c.

The text is handwritten and some parts are difficult to read clearly.


- page 21 -

The text on the page is partially legible. Here's what I can make out:

[Top of page has some blacked out/redacted text]

[First line appears to start with "Dear Major"]

[Subsequent lines are difficult to read clearly, with some words partially visible but not fully discernible]

[Bottom of page has additional blacked out/redacted text]

Large portions of the text are too faint or blurry to read with complete certainty. The document appears to be a handwritten letter or report with significant redaction.


- page 22 -

Western Area Winds 1000 Ft July 1964, Berea, Ohio

Dispatched in degrees from which winds were blowing, site at 270 in area 270 west.

1000 Ft
Interval

13 July 1964:
Degrees   Knots

19 July 1964:
Degrees   Knots

20 July 1964:
Degrees   Knots

Surface     240     23     250     33     240     32

(The rest of the table continues with various altitude levels and corresponding wind degrees and knots, but due to image quality, some values are partially illegible.)

At the bottom of the page, there appears to be a partially visible section labeled "Cleveland Area Winds" but most of the text is too faint to read clearly.


- page 23 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO or flying saucer, drawn in light pencil lines on a white background. The drawing shows a circular object with a ring or band around its middle and a smaller circular section in the center.


- page 24 -

Visible text:

Misc
Berea, Ohio 4017


- page 25 -

Information only (G.G. Case)
Source: PSIC

MYSTIFIED BEREANS FOLLOW UFO

Observer:
John W. Meckel, 47, saw the peculiar object first. He was
driving on Whitney Rd., driving south on Big Creek Parkway,
when he first spotted it. He made a left turn onto Whitney Rd. and
pulled off onto the shoulder. He left out of the car to observe the
object which was not very high above the trees and houses across
the road, just south of them. After observing for a minute or two,
he was self undecided what it was. He thought it might possibly be
a smoke - control "something" operated by teenagers nearby. When
the object was hovering, started a cockpit rotation, he thought it
was ready to move off. His curiosity drove him to follow it wherever
it went. He got into the car started the engine, and told his wife to
keep it in view. Up to this moment she had been searching and
found it only at the moment he entered the car. His description
(1D) is below.

The colors of the upper section were "dull", the divisions were
definite. The colors (faded) were almost transparent. His compared the fan's blades. "It looked like a leaf-drop, upside down,
only huge." From this point on it was observed by his wife. Both
said the object was at very low altitude. "About here as high as
the maple tree" (which is about 40 ft. high). Both agreed it had
had solidly, substance, body, according to the observers. All
arm's length size reports and it was large than a grapefruit.
Huge was their most often-used adjective.

After following it the object suddenly, well E. as indicated by
the diagram. Mr. Meckel then attempted a right turn at the first
road east. They turned down a road and were a few hundred yards
down it when the object seemed to pause, even hovering, descend-
ing S.R. 42, accelerating and rising as it disappeared into the distance. Its sudden right turn and its reversing path were not smooth
but angular movements. Mrs. Meckel felt that there was a
dark, long or oval shape with the light.

One object, no sound, trail, exhaust, no F.M. effects noted, no
heat, 8-10 min. duration. Observers: Mr. and Mrs. John W.
Meckel.

Editor's Comment: 2 sightings are on above map; one at position
x(a) also seen at 8:45 P.M. Its steady flight was NE-SW. In
path extended, passes near the spot where x(a) was first seen by
the Meckels. Believed to be the same object. Sighting at first turn
S.R. 42, then continuing N. Observations by Mr. and Mrs. Meckel lasting 8-10 minutes.


- page 26 -

Here is the text from the document:

(I)

U.S.R. 22                                   (PEARL RD)

Dig Creek
                Parkway

Observer:
(III)
    white
    orange
    blue-sh-green
    definite
    outline
    shadowy area
    bright with light

(IX)

prop. diminished
    size - red

Mrs. Mackell's
description:
1 & II

(2) POSITION - HOUR #1 MIN.
    (a) WHITE - HOT (brighter band)
    (b) COUNTER-CLOCKWISE SPIN
    (c) CHANGE OF COLOR-TO
        PINK FIRST THEN TO
        TOP COAL(MIXED-GRAY)
    (d) DIMINISHED IN SIZE
    (e) SPIN ACCELERATED TO
        NEAR-GROUND LEVEL

(3) POSITION -
    (a) SHOT UP FROM POS. 2
    (b) SLOWLY MOVED N. GRADUALLY
        ACCEL. TO 55 MPH
    (c) FOLLOWED AT 1/4 MI. TO
        NEAR W. 130 ST.


- page 27 -

Here is the text from the document:

TOLEDO, OHIO (Express Airport)
Elevation of observation point 210m

PIBAL 75th Mer. Orientation 360°-South
41° 36' N.                   083° 48' W.

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
WEATHER BUREAU
WINDS-ALOFT COMPUTATION SHEET
(LANDSTATION FORM)
WBAN-20

Date: 1964 JUL 16
Ascension No. 25

[The rest of the document is a data table with columns for Slow range, Pilot, Route, Elevation angle, Distance from observation point, Azimuth angle, Wind, Geopotential height, Frequency, Altitude, and Elapsed time. Most cells in the table are filled with numerical data.]


- page 28 -

This appears to be a data form or log sheet with multiple rows and columns. On the left side, there is some partially visible text that includes the word "Termination". The right side of the document contains sections labeled "Punch Card Data" with columns for "Card No." and "Type of Equipment". The bottom of the document has additional rows of numerical data and some text fields, but much of it is difficult to read clearly due to the image quality. The document looks like an official form or record-keeping sheet, possibly from a scientific or military context.


- page 29 -

This appears to be a detailed data recording sheet with multiple columns and rows of numerical data. On the left side, there is a vertical text section that appears partially cut off, but seems to say something about "Tabulation" and "Alt. for" with some additional text that is not fully legible.

The document contains numerous rows of numerical entries with columns for different values. At the bottom of the page, there are additional sections labeled "Coded Data for Transmission" and areas for "Maximum Wind Data" with partially filled out fields.

On the right side of the document, there are two small tables labeled "Type of Equipment" with columns for "Config. No." and "Type of Equipment".

The overall document looks like a standardized form for recording technical or scientific data, possibly related to meteorological or scientific observations.


- page 30 -

Here is the text from the document:

WINDS-ALOFT COMPUTATION SHEET
(LANDSTATION FORM)
WANDA

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
WEATHER BUREAU

Location: BEREA, WEST   Orientation 360-South
                        80 14' W

Date: 1964   JUL   17
           JUL   19

Page 1

[The rest of the text is in a complex tabular format with columns for:
- Silent range
- Pilot balloon rise
- Route surface
- Elevation
- Distance from observation point
- Azimuth
- Wind (direction and speed)
- Computed pressure
- Altitude
- Climax

The table contains multiple rows of numerical data corresponding to different time measurements and wind observations.]

The document appears to be a meteorological wind observation and calculation sheet from the U.S. Department of Commerce Weather Bureau, dated July 17-19, 1964, for a location in Berea, West with coordinates 80 14' W.


- page 31 -

July 17, 1964
9:45 P.M.

On the night of July 17, 1964, my husband and I were returning from the Van Store in Middleburg Heights (commonly called Southland) via the Big Creek Parkway. It was a clear not night and we drove through the park at approximately 15 M.P.H. enjoying the coolness of the evening. We were headed north, nearing the Whitney Road exit when my husband, pointing directly ahead through the windshield, told me to "look there". I myself did not see anything until he made a left hand turn onto Whitney pulling off onto the shoulder of the road beside the park sign. He opened the car door and got out standing on the left side of the car. I was having an lap two year old son, leaned out of the window, waist high, saying, "There's a skyrocket." On my night some distance above the trees and telephone poles (which were intensely bright) (white, hot) oval shaped object. It seemed to hover, then dropping down slightly, seem to spin and change color from white to pink to a glowing red. (Like a coal on a cigarette being smoked in the dark.) It shot up vertically. My husband second to none, this object was going to "move out" and had gotten into the car again feeling as to how it in view and direct him. There I was, arm extended, sighting off the end of my foreflinger thereon, the telephone wires, seeing out as far as I dared. We were then travelling east. The object during its spinning seemed to have diminished to one quarter of its size, and in the sky appeared to be a large as a red golf ball. I finally told my husband that there seemed to be a vague elongated form (shadowy) surrounding this red light. It was then we decided (we were using a 170) not having given any thought to that conclusion beforehand. The object made a left angle turn to a point (its course) and we tracked it approximately four miles when it suddenly winked out and in again. We discussed a night burn losing it, when it resumed its former course, and again vertically disappearing among the many stars which were evident that night. While tracking this unknown object we noticed a speed of 55 M.P.H. It was several days later that we both realized that we hadn't had one road light at stop our progress and had no mechanical trouble.

Looking back and discussing this subject between ourselves, we also noted that there was no wind, there were no trees, no brush on the ground in this area, my husband definitely have some gadget remotely controlled. There was no sound given off by this object.

We know we had witnessed some "unusual phenomena" to put it mildly. Not knowing where to turn in order to find a logical explanation, and being unable to make any headway, I finally began a systematic search. On Sunday, July 17, 1964, I called our observatory astronomer with a unilateral kind of gentleman who advised me that Mr. Snow, the director of the planetarium, would


- page 32 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-2-

assuredly to interested. I left our phone number but never re-
ceiving a return call gave that source of possible information
my final. Why?

On Monday, July 20, 1964, I called the U.S.A.F. Office
of Special Investigation and spoke with a very pleasant inspector
General who advised me not to go into detail with him but rather to
write to A.T.I.C., Wright Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio,
which I did later on July 26, 1964. (Sunday).

On Thursday, July 23, 1964, I just happened to see a
Mr. Earle J. Neff, featured on the Mike Douglas Show. He was in-
forming the public in regard to UFO sightings. I telephoned
Charles Treay at the newspaper office immediately after the pro-
gram and was advised to contact him. (Mr. Neff.) I did so. This
resulted in a meeting and no further action.

On Monday, July 20, 1964, I also called N.A.S.A. and
was told no one there was qualified to discuss this type of phe-
nomena.???

On Monday, July 20, 1964, I also called the Satellite
Tracking Station. I was told we had in all probability seen a
satellite. The explanation was in the nature of the diffusion of masses thereby creating the light intensity. He also
stated that it was quite possible for a meteor to change its tra-
jectory and defy earth's gravity. (?) This is not what the book
tells me.

July 17, 1964, (0345 P.M.): At the same time the
Parma residents spotted a large, high-flying, lighted white
object consisting from N.A. The object already flying to the
S.W. took it past the observers who saw it attain an angle of
55-50' above the horizon and to the left. (They were facing north.)
The object, as large as a dime, blinked every two seconds, an
intense blush-white on a much less intense white. The object
was constantly illuminated.

In general its shape was round, maybe oval. The object
moved along steadily and swiftly, disappearing high in the S.W.
Duration, two to three minutes, no sound, con-trails, etc., no
other lights. The weather-clear. Observed by Mr. and Mrs.
Tomazing.

I was most grateful to hear from the Department of the
Air Force in Washington D.C. on September 3, 1964. I have filed
a written report as has my husband. Waiting...............


- page 33 -

