PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
14 Feb 64

2. LOCATION
Honilulu, T H

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2100
GMT 15,07902

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS

9. COURSE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Sound heard. Youth went outside of house to see
what it was. Saw sparks emitting from space
ship which hovered over the area.
Believed that the object landed in a neighbor
yard. The youth was the only witness, however
several people heard the sound.

11. COMMENTS
Investigation revealed that the sound
was attributed to reverberation of
a police siren on the way to an accident
and the sparks could have been the
imagination of the youth or caused by
fireworks associated with the last
night of the Chinese New Year celebration. Principal cause of the report being
the police sirens.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other Police Sirens
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

On the
case of 14 February 1964 in Honolulu, how old was the youth? I would be interested
to see how he described the "space ship." The sound might have been nearly coincidental, if he really saw sparks from some object. I like the idea of the Chinese
New Year!


- page 1 -

PACIFIC AIR FORCES BASE COMMAND
United States Air Force
APO 953, San Francisco, California

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: PACAFBASECOM (BDI)

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)                   25 Feb 1964

TO: AFSC (FTD)
     Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Forwarded is a copy of a police report from the
Honolulu Police Department and an extract from the
Duty Controllers Log, 326th Air Defense Division,
APO 915, describing a UFO incident.

2. My own investigation made during the evening of
14 February 1964 revealed no unusual weather phen-
omena, no aircraft flying in the area in question
during the time involved, no army activities in the
adjacent military reservation and no disruptions of
power lines, etc. The sound was confirmed by Army
S/A Riley who told me he heard the sound through the
telephone when Mrs [illegible] first called him.

3. The area in question is in the foot hills of the
mountains, north of Honolulu. The neighborhood is
characterized by small hills and valleys leading back
several miles to the mountains. Likelike highway runs
through one of these valleys towards the northeast
side of the island. The valley itself is blind. The
road goes out through a tunnel at the northeast end.

4. I did find there was an accident on Likelike high-
way near where this incident occurred. The evening
in question was also the last night of celebration of
Chinese New Year.


- page 2 -

5. This matter was discussed with Major Earl J.
Wolf Jr, FTD Liaison Officer, Hq PACAF. He suggested that because of terrain and/or weather
temperature conditions, the sound was a reverberation of noise from police sirens going to the
nearby accident. Since the visual observations
reported to the military and civil authorities
were vague - his suggestion would appear to be the
most valid to date.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JERRY M. MILLS
Captain, USAF
Director of Intelligence
PACAFBASCOM & 326 ADD

2 Atch
1. Honolulu Police Rpt
2. Extract fm 326 DC Log


- page 3 -

Police Department, City and County of Honolulu
OFFENSE REPORT

Report No. 1,20300
District No.

Classification: MISC. PUBLIC
Watch 1 2 3 / Beat 21
Investigators: J. UGALDE
Investigators Reassigned
Census 1

Complainant: [Redacted]
Address: [Redacted]
Phone: [Redacted]

When occurred: 2-1-64
Date Reported: 2-1-64
Reported to: Sgt. Ed McIntyre
Report typewritten by: T. Ah Sing
How reported: Station desk

Hour: 09:00pm
Day of Week: Friday
Date: 2-1-64
Hour: 9:50pm
On beat
On View

Persons responsible or suspected, names and address (when description necessary, embody in Details):

How committed (summary, in brief): Reported unidentified flying object.

Auto Stolen-Value:
Details: J. UGALDE sent at 9:05pm.

WITNESSES
(Table with columns for Name, Address, Phone - left blank)

Complainant will prosecute: [Signature/Checkmark]
Signed, Officer: [Signature]
Approved by: [Signature]

Badge 310
Date 2-1-64
Hour 10:05pm

CLEARED BY

[Various administrative checkboxes, mostly unchecked]


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

HQ, 1ST DIST
3336 WILSHIRE BLVD.                                                   2-11-64                                                   L-23336
                                                                       MISC PUBLIC

COMPLAINANT     :       Adult Gale Female
                        Employed at Tripler General Hospital

SCENE           :       Wilson Tract, Kalihi Valley Housing areas
                        and north Shafter mauka area

WITNESSES       :       1.      Name:           Adult Gale Female
                                Street:         22yrs
                                Phone:          Housewife
                                                (daughter of complainant)

                        2.      Name:           Gale Male Juvenile
                                                (son of complainant)

                        3.      Name:           (son-in-law of complainant)

TIME/DATE OCCURRED      :       About 9:00PM and after, 2-11-64, Friday

INVESTIGATORS   :       Joseph M. PANG                #751    MPD/HN
                        Joseph A. KAM                           MPDHM

SYNOPSIS        :       Complainant along with household heard a
                        very unusual and very dynamic sound hovering
                        over the neighborhood for a while and needed
                        away from the area.

ASSIGNMENT/ARRIVAL      :       Was assigned this case via radio at 9:46PM
                        this date, 2-11-64, and arrived at the scene
                        at 9:56PM, where the complainant was met
                        and interviewed along with witnesses.

COMPLAINANT'S STORY     :       Said that she was watching television and
                        just about 9:00PM and shortly thereafter,
                        when the "twilight zone" was showing,
                        she along with the rest of her family heard a very unusual noise
                        hovering over their house. At this time however, they did not pay too
                        much attention to this sound, because they thought this sound was
                        emanating from their television set.

                        Consequently they concentrated at their television. This noise how-
                        ever did not disappear and became most too loud for their comfort,
                        and as a result, they began to look out the window and gave
                        a look inside the house and informed them that what he saw was some-
                        thing very phenomenal.

                        Then almost next was an object was throwing out sparks and the
                        thing was moving out a way. I seemed, like that of a space ship,
                        and it seemed according to their statement, that the area was within
                        and it seemed as though that part had moved into the neighborhood. Yea,


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

2-14-64                                                I-226
MISC PUBLIC
(continued)

To describe the sound, is like a sound coming from a rope that is whirled over head, or the sound from a space ship that is seen on television only.

Consequently, after hearing this sound that was unbearable for quite a while, he called for police assistance and since their son-in-law is in the military service, he called the CID CIC & "Opt" in Korea and reported this unusual occurrence and the CID CIC & "Opt" after positive aim that he too had heard this unusual sound, however is not quite sure.

After --- told them the story, they all came out of the house and spoke of the unusual and unbearable noise.

This sound gave them the impression as if this object was wanting to land or the ground, however is not sure.

INVESTIGATION     :   (for more witnesses to this case, please refer to report being submitted by Officer Joseph ----)

Initially, it was very surprising to note that the household was quite shaken up by this episode. What was unusual about this was quite the fact that they all, this similar version of this incident and described the sound of this object the same as the others.

All were questioned and there was no variations in their stories. It gave the same version of this episode.

The complainant's neighbor, whose home and yard, --- the complainant's song saw this object fall into, was checked however no one was home, and it was learned that prior hearing this very loud sound, this party secured the house and left.

The parties at --- and --- Street were interviewed by this Officer however they did not hear or see anything. --- was in bed.

As a result of this complaint, dispatch was notified in the form of 302 activity and acts given. The area where the complainant's son Pali Kola and Likelike Highway was checked, namely the area found. --- again informed of this.

DISPOSITION     :   Complainant was advised that a report would be filed and further follow-up on this case will be made by interested agencies.......

Pending.......


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

2-14-64                                                     MISC PUEBLO

FOLLOW UP REPORT:

At 10:30pm this date(2-14-64) this officer proceeded to Sweet Street to assist a USAF officer in a miscellaneous public case, regarding strange noises and objects seen in the area.

Upon arrival at the scene I heard what the complainants son Atkins had reported seeing as being a bright object and making a weird sound.

At this point I decided to check with other neighbors in the immediate vicinity who were at home. Below are the people contacted.

#1                                                           #2 Mrs.
Elwyn E-Karm Female                                         45yrs Jones Female
Clerk 1st National Bank                                     Housewife

STATEMENTS

#1 Stated that she and family along with her mother in-law were seated in the living room watching a T.V. program (77 Sunset - Strip) about 8:70pm or a little after when all of a sudden there was a sound of a strange noise.

Thinking that it was coming from the television she began to lower the sound track. At this point she and the rest of the family noticed that the television screen showed signs of rings going round and round and making that strange noise.

While they were wondering what was making all that noise one who was watching their television set walked outside. The next talking who was known to be going home, being afraid she and her family went into the basement and did not enter the living room again until the arrival of this officer.

#2 Stated that she was in the kitchen putting away the groceries when she heard a strange noise. At first it was slight and a minute later became louder. Some like whatever it was just hovering above the street.

After a minute or two she had gone out to the front of the house. While in front she saw nothing, but heard the same sound coming into the distance. Concluded by saying that everyone in the house had heard the same sound. No one saw anything.

Joseph KARM                                                 #560
2-14-64                                                     11:35pm


- page 7 -

Extract from 326 ADD Duty Controllers Log - Capt Arceneaux
A2C Sichko

Special Agent Riley, credential card #654 Ser No. 05014422 assigned to Fort Shafter, Ph #54 2929, called and said that he had received a call from a Mrs [REDACTED] Street, Honolulu Ph [REDACTED]. Her son saw an unidentified flying object that passed like a ball of fire and landed on Oahu and was making noises like "Martians". Incident reported to Capt Mills at 0648Z.

Capt Mills called back in reference to above. He spoke to both [REDACTED] and Mr. [REDACTED] and could get no more information. He did call the police department--they said they would run a check.

Capt Arceneaux called the police and they informed us that they had no more on this report but would send a patrol to question Mrs [REDACTED]

Police called and reported that the patrol had questioned Mrs [REDACTED] and her family. Her 15 year old son saw a lot of sparks and heard what he thought was a space ship. All of the family heard the sound. The police are going to question the entire neighborhood and would make out a report and provide us with a copy.


- page 8 -

Capt Mills was informed and said he would pick up the report
(on Monday from office of Capt Aukea).

Capt Mills advised us not to send the report out.

Time:   15/0645Z
        14/2045w


- page 9 -

