There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which appears to be a report about a sighting of an unidentified object in Ardmore, Oklahoma on April 9, 1964.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE  
9 Apr 64
2. LOCATION
Ardmore, Okla.
12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Insufficient Data for
Unknown
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
local 2011
GMT 10/0204
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION 
Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS
Yes  No
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
16-15 Seconds
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Witness reported an object with a known saucer-like appearance, but the description indicates it was extremely large. Disappearance was said to have been quite rapid. Made a sharp turn and then disintegrated.
11. COMMENTS
Insufficient data for more definite conclusion as to type or identity of the object observed. However, the brief observation and rapid disappearance indicates the possibility of a natural meteor or satellite type of phenomenon.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, containing only typewritten text.

Capt. Hector Quintanilla Jr. 
project bluebook UFO. 
Wright patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

A recent United Press release by Emily R. Svellis mention that I am enclosing a sketch made by me after seeing some type of craft on 6-21-64. I am sure to have encountered or to have been encountered by some object whose all dimensions and construction were so unusual. I'm afraid on a scientific study it appeared much larger than the common article as seen in N. Mexico by Mr. Zamora, more like the B-58 bomber. Its glowing in the sky was such that it seemed to have been traveling at a fantastic rate of speed, and if it must have been in process of sharp turn. The distance at which I observed object was approximately 1/4 mile and the process was quick and abrupt motion over in its direct direction, glowing over when last visible.

If you feel this was a weather or observation object utilized States, it would make me very happy, since I find each cloud with great suspicion. I would be glad to answer any stretch sense of interest, but I would not like to have relation as the matter.

A stamped and envelope is enclosed and I would like returned. The reason for sending it along was to avoid a thank you for your consideration.

very truly yours,
ARDMORE, OKLA

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank or partially obscured page from an old document.

ARDMORE, OKLAHOMA
APRIL 8, 1964
INFORMATION REPORT

SUBJECT: OBSERVATIONS OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

1. On 8 April 1964, at approximately 2100 hours, the undersigned was contacted by Mr. Sam Dunlap, a resident of Ardmore, Oklahoma, who reported observing an unidentified flying object in the sky over the city.

2. According to Mr. Dunlap, he was standing in his backyard when he noticed a bright light in the western sky. He stated that the object appeared to be hovering or moving slowly in an easterly direction. Mr. Dunlap reported that the object was elliptical in shape and emitted a bright, pulsating light. He further stated that the object suddenly accelerated and disappeared from view within a matter of seconds.

3. The undersigned immediately proceeded to the location and interviewed Mr. Dunlap. His description of the object was consistent with the initial report. No other witnesses were located in the immediate area.

4. This information is provided for your review and evaluation. No further action is recommended at this time.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, Ardmore, Oklahoma, 9 Apr 64

TO: Hq USAF SAFOI PB (Mrs. [name redacted])
WASH D C 20330

1. Reference the attached letter from Miss [name redacted] describing a sighting object which she observed on 9 Apr 64. This letter is forwarded to your office for reply.

2. The information presented in Miss [name redacted]'s letter contained insufficient data for evaluation. It is suggested that an FTDM be furnished for a complete evaluation.

3. The object cannot be associated with any known type of weather phenomena. Sometimes the object had definite shape and construction. The duration was omitted as well as motion of the object. The duration indicates the probability of an aircraft and/or astronomical phenomena. Rollin's observing only the banner. Similar sketches have been submitted by witnesses observing this phenomena. She could not identify the object at the local airport and inquire as to various companies flying in the area. They would no doubt keep a record of all flying activities.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. JONKISER, Lt Col USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, specifically a letter dated August 7, 1964 addressed to Mrs. [redacted] from Maston M. Jacks, Major, USAF, Public Information Division, Office of Information.

The text in the document is as follows:

August 7, 1964

Dear Mrs. [redacted],

This is in reply to your letter of July 18, 1964, addressed to Captain Quintanilla at the Project Blue Book Office of the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base concerning the "Unidentified Flying Object" you observed.

Enclosed is a Form 164 "U.S. Air Force Technical Information concerning a sighting you reported. It is requested that you complete the questionnaire and return it in the self-addressed envelope enclosed for your information. This information is not sufficient enough to enable our Project Office to make an evaluation. The object you sketched could not be associated with any known type of weather phenomenon, illumination or aircraft towing. It does appear to be a possible reflection of some sort and the probabilities are that it was not actually observed, but rather a visual phenomena allied to aircraft towing a banner with electrical lights.

In the 164 questionnaire, would you list the duration of the sighting as well as the motion of the object and complete the other questions in as much detail as possible.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed letter addressed to Major Easton M. Jacks of the Public Information Division in Washington, D.C. The letter discusses the evaluation of a submitted sketch, and the lack of a photographic or scientific quality that would warrant further evaluation.

Ardmore, Okla.
4-13-64

Major Easton M. Jacks,USAF
Public Information Division
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

Thank you for acknowledging the sketch submitted. Since the details similar sketches submitted have been determined to be of such a nature that they do not warrant further evaluation due to lapse of time, and fact that I do not have a photographic or scientific mind, it does not appear that consideration of your evaluation could be of much technical value.

Thank you for your consideration.

Sincerely,

- page 6 -

