Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
7 Jul 64/0952Z

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One (1)

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
North of West

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

2. LOCATION
Hazelton, Idaho

10. CONCLUSION
Unidentified (Insufficient Data)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Sighted -5 to 8 objects moving in a big sky manner. No description is available. Sighted while driving on highway 30 near Glenrock post. Sighting submitted by USAF by Jefferson. No further details available.

FORM
FTD SEP 83 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
   2-8-9    JUL     1964
   Day      Month    Year

2. Time of day: 10:5    55
   (Circle One)  Hour   Minutes
                 (A.M. or P.M.)

3. Time Zone:
   (Circle One): a. Eastern
                b. Central
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other _______ (GMT)

   (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
   [Blank fields for Nearest Postal Address, City or Town, State or County]

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
   Hours   Minutes   Seconds
   a. Certain
   b. Fairly certain
   c. Not very sure
   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was I'm in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   DAY                 NIGHT
   a. Bright            a. Bright
   b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One): a. in front of you    d. To your left
                b. in back of you     e. Overhead
                c. To your right       f. Don't remember

FTD FORM 42 134   This form supersedes S TD 164, 1 JUL 61, which is obsolete.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

(3) As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
about 2 to 5 times brighter than a star

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 3 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during its course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
S. Carl / Hazleton on 8 July 64

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Last Name redacted] [First Name: Hazleton]
ADDRESS [Street blank] Hazleton, Idaho
TELEPHONE NUMBER [blank]
AGE 47   SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day [blank] Month [blank] Year [blank]
[Handwritten: Mountain Home, Card Cont. at Mountain Home, Idaho]


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    7       July        1964

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I just was sighted at approx. 7 Idaho
I was traveling North on a 216 mile
altitude was so about the horizon.

This message was received from the USAF Command Post, they Mark was on duty. I was relayed to the USAR Command and sat big pile mountain base Command post with received the information of same air Boulton.

This added note passed on by way that aerial patrol was long was being conducted on the 9 9th wing was not sure about the 9 or 10th of July though. Suggest any further info could be obtained by first contacting with other command post.

[Note: The bottom portion of the document contains redacted/blacked out text.]


- page 6 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

"ing) perhaps once commanded not called
again at once to return flight
there was no feeling during all the
nights of the sightings"

Note that some words are partially cut off or difficult to read with full certainty, so I've transcribed what I could confidently discern. There is also a black redacted section in the middle of the text.

The page is labeled "Page 8" in the top right corner.


- page 7 -

