PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
9 Feb 64

2. LOCATION
Rivesville, West Virginia

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT 10/0130Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
West

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object dimmer than a bright star in flight which included rising. Red on core, blue tail, white center. Had trail tail. Speed estimated at 2,000 to 3,000 mph. Moving very fast. Object supposedly stopped in mid flight. Slow was about 5 seconds.

11. COMMENTS
Much conflicting information. Maj Mills considers the possibility of a WX balloon. Description of this stop and duration indicates a meteor. Speeds consistent with this analysis. Case carried as other (Conflicting Data). Either speed or duration in error.

In the case of 9 February there was other conflicting data, could I also have the name of the observer. I think that the atmospheric optics could play a factor or we could have looked out, one of us, and saw some interesting atmospheric optics to boot. That was the one in Fayettv. W.Va. east, West Virginia.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Other: Conflicting Data
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

(Bottom of form shows ATC FORM 329 (REV 28 DEC 59))


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? if so, how?
[Partially illegible handwritten response]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
[Partially illegible handwritten response]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
[No handwritten response]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: [Partially illegible handwritten response]
b. Color: [Partially illegible handwritten response]

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of this object would have been covered by the match head?
[Partially illegible handwritten response]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with a curved/spiral shape and an arrow indicating its direction of movement]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [partially illegible text]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 5 [illegible additional text]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East            e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast       f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? [partially illegible]
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No            e. Binoculars     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No            f. Telescope      Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No            g. Theodolite     Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No            h. Other ___________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. [text mostly illegible]


- page 3 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
STOPPED HERE

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
    Last Name     First Name    Middle Name
ADDRESS
    Street         City         Zone    State
TELEPHONE NUMBER                AGE 14    SEX

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

23. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
9/10     February    1964    (rest of text is partially illegible)


- page 5 -

Here's the text I can read from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Day and Month are illegible, Year appears to be 1964]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaires or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[The rest of the text in the response section is largely illegible, with only fragments of words and phrases discernible]


- page 6 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDESW
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting (Rivesville, West Virginia, 9 Feb 64)

TO: Hq USAF SAFOI PB (Mrs Gaiser)
Wash 25 D C

1. Reference the attached report from Jennings Frederick, Jr., regarding a sighting of an unidentified object on 9 Feb 64.

2. This report was given to Major George Mills, II, LIAISON OFFICER and meteorologist for evaluation. His report is attached for your convenience in answering Master.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

2 Atchs
1. Report,
2. Evaluation

APR 1964


- page 7 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDFCG/Major George Mills/57223/jh
SUBJECT: Evaluation of Unidentified Aerial Phenomenon

TO: TDEV (Capt. Quintanilla)

1. Reference your request of 30 March 1964 to evaluate, with respect to meteorological phenomena, a sighting of 9 February 1964 between 2000 and 2100 local near Rivesville, W. Va.

2. There were no unusual meteorological phenomena observed at forecast for that area. However, the possibility of a sighting of a radiosonde balloon was considered. The routine radiosonde release from Huntington, W. Va. for 10 February 1964 at 0000Z was subjected to winds from the southwest, 250° (as measured clockwise from north), with speeds between 30 and 58 knots. A vector analysis which accounts for the effect of all the various directions and speeds on the balloon train indicates it could have been in the vicinity of Rivesville, W. Va. at the time of the sightings.

3. However, the usual radiosonde balloon rise rate is 1000 feet per minute which by the time of the sighting would place the balloon well above the elevation where most of these balloons break. If the balloon developed a defect or a slow leak at some high elevation it could conceivably remain below the altitude where a large break would quickly remove it from the sky. IF this was the case on the evening of 9 February, the sighting was possibly the radiosonde balloon from Huntington.

4. There is some other support for this hypothesis. The Huntington wind reports below 30,000 feet showed the deviations in direction and speed of a typical wind distribution pattern. But above this level and velocity were reported as a constant 58 knots from 250 degrees. This is not a normal flow pattern and suggests that the balloon was no longer rising.

clusive.

[Signature]
GEORGE MILLS II
Meteorologist


- page 8 -

April 6, 1964

Dear [redacted]

Reference is made to a sighting you made on February 9, 1964, which you reported to the Air Force.

Your report was given to a meteorologist in the Air Force, and we are attaching a copy of his evaluation.

We hope that this explanation will be of interest to you. Thank you for reporting this sighting to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

1 Enclosure

Mr. [redacted]
Rivesville, West Virginia


- page 9 -

Case 9 Feb 64

Permattick, W. Va.
April 15, 1964

Dear Sirs:

Please if you can send me info about an UFO sighting of the reason why I write to you is some tables age I have to write you about some flying saucers that I saw. People sent me to write to some Blank to Blank out & some information. Blank back to you with a little attack of what to tell you later sent to me at a little telling me what you think it is fully was that I am. I would like to have some of these sightings to help me to fill up the type of the sightings. I know most of the

[The rest of the text is cut off or illegible]


- page 10 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

some... some of... to
This will add help to
to discuss & help to
& give for my self.
I will consider help age
Thank you for your help
+ Consideration. after much

Sincerely
[Signature area blacked out]
(page 14)

Some words are partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the document. The text appears to be a handwritten note or letter.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

A.F.

FEBRUARY 28 64
Rivesville
W.Va
20588

Dear Sirs,

I write you this letter to let you know that I have seen what I think to be a flying saucer. I have seen it mostly on clear nights. It comes from the East but goes to the West. Every time I have seen it (which is about three times) it was between 8:00 & 9:00 o'clock standard time. It is reddish blue-green with a white center. Every time it seems to stop in mid-air and it shines away brightly. It goes around in about two circles. And then the light went onto it & it vanished into no-where. I told a few of my friends & they said that I was a crack-pot & that I was just crazy & some even said that I was a


- page 12 -

FEBRUARY 28,64

RIVESVILLE
W.VA
26588

I don't want anyone to know any more about it. But I just thought that I just had to write you I am in the 9th grade in school. I do need your help, please advise me what to do. And if there are such things as flying saucer or space ships from another planet. Please tell me because this worries me very much.

Thank You

RIVESVILLE
W.VA
26588


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

MR

RIVESVILLE WVA
25588

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
OFFICE OF PUBLIC INFORMATION
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

I know any more about it. But
I just thought that I just
glad to write you I am in
the 9th grade in school. I
do need your help, please
advise me to do. And if there
are such things as flying
saucer or space ships from
another planet. Please tell me
because this worries me very
much.

Thank You

PO


- page 14 -

March 12, 1964

Dear [redacted]

This is in reply to your letter of February 20, 1964, in which you reported seeing, on several occasions, an unusual object in the sky over Rivesville.

Enclosed is an Air Force Technical Information Questionnaire. It is requested that you complete all the questions, answer them as fully as you can, and return the form to this Headquarters for a possible evaluation.

Unidentified Flying Objects have been reported by many people, including scientists and professional individuals, pilots, both military and commercial aircraft have made unusual sightings during flights and astronomers see phenomena in the sky which they cannot explain. This does not mean these sightings represent extraterrestrial spacecraft under intelligent control. On the contrary, Air Force investigations have proved almost conclusively that, given enough information, there is a logical explanation for all aerial phenomena.

Weather and atmospheric conditions are responsible for a great many UFO reports. Reflections on clouds from lights on the ground sometimes give an unusual appearance. Mitrages have been reported as UFOs as have flights of birds over an area where the lights from below were reflected on the air overhead, causing them to give a most unusual appearance. Aircraft flying at exceptionally high altitude or very clear nights have caused many people to report an unidentified flying object because the lights in and around the aircraft look together in a very unusual light as they fly overhead. This is also true of balloons. And, of course, satellites are often mistaken for unusual objects. Lastly, not infrequently, are those and photographic accounts for many reports, especially by pilots, since the sight of this phenomenon seen from the sky, is quite awe-inspiring and sometimes even frightening.


- page 15 -

Enclosed is the latest Air Force Fact Sheet on this subject which will help to explain the Air Force program on Unidentified Flying Objects. Included in the Fact Sheet is a bibliography of books on the subject which may be of particular interest to you.

Thank you for reporting this sighting to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

2 Enclosures

Rivesville, West Virginia 26538


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

3/23/64

Dear Sir:

I would like to know what you think it was. I really am not sure what it is on a so called crack - put one gate. I really am not able to place this B. for sure not a few saucer with a space of that I saw please other tell me what it was. I figure tell me that it was right there as a mistake halons or etc. I write believe you if you can place it at the time. I do not doubt it can be another halons etc. Just what I saw seems normal to me. Please help me if you can. Thank you for your help + understanding.

Very Sincerely

(The bottom of the letter is partially obscured by a black redaction mark)


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. You name will not be used in conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day: Nov's 12 64
Month     Year

2. Time of day: 5:00-6:00 P.M.
(Circle One)   A.M. or P.M.
STANDARD
TIME

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One)   a. EASTERN
b. Pacific
c. Other

(Circle One)   a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
OUTSIDE RIVESVILLE, W. VA.
Nearest Postal Address

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain    c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?: BY MY WATCH

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY     NIGHT
a. Bright    a. Bright
b. Cloudy    b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)   a. in front of you   d. To your left
b. In back of you   e. Don't remember
c. To your right

FORM
PTD OCT 62 154   This form supersedes PTD 164, 1 Jul 62, which is obsolete.


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw this object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text, partially illegible]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know


- page 19 -

