Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
30 November 64 30/0830Z

2. LOCATION
33.58N 164.14E (Pacific)

3. SOURCE
Military

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

Objectmoving West ruling out Satellites. Possible A/C observation, 
however duration other essential data missing for evaluation. Case 
lacks sufficient data.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object at 30 deg elevation moving on a course of 270 degrees 
Unknown speed and unknown altitude. Described as bright similar 
to a Satellite.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
West

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
☒ No

FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Thank you again for your letter. If we can be of further assistance, please let us know. Sincerely,

JOHN P. SPAULDING
1st Co, USAF
Public Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

1. Atch
Blue Book Report


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AFDASCA/110

[Translator's note: Below is a complete but rather free translation of
original letter in Italian. Due to the pressure of work, we have been
unable to review or edit the English text.]

Messrs. Project Blue Book
Information Office, HQ USAF (SAF-OIPB)
Washington, DC

I obtained your address from Rome's daily newspaper, IL TEMPO. The under-
signed is not addicted to either alcohol or to drugs nor do I claim to have
any physical or psychic powers. I have a family of two children who are
13 and 10 years of age and who attend the Father Scolopi School in Savona.
There is no record of mental imbalance or of alcoholism in my family history.
What I am about to relate in this letter is the result of continuous study
and great patience.

I was one of that majority [of people] that are indifferent to the "UFO"
problem and gave little importance to newspaper accounts or talk about
sightings of space people and had no precise thoughts on the matter one way
or another. The first time occurred in June of 1962 at the Villanova
d'Albenga airfield (45 kilometers from Savona) where many people had gathered
to watch the aerial acrobatics performance by Italian Air Force F84 Fighter
aircraft. While waiting for the squadron to appear for the start of their
demonstration, I saw a UFO pass silently behind the clouds. It was a matter
of a fraction of a second. It was saucer shaped and silver-gray in color.

The matter progressed until the month of July 1963 when an innumerable series
of sightings, which still continues, commenced.

In that month, almost every (and always during the evening) evening we were
able to observe luminous objects of the apparent magnitude of a star passing
over my city. These "stars" moved in every direction, always singly and
once two together but not close to each other and they moved in different
directions. The height was probably between 30 and 40,000 meters.
Undoubtedly the atmosphere is not perfect and they do not have a constant
speed. They can move and can stop and then start again, sometimes at a
great altitude, sometimes at a lower one. At times I have seen the light
dim to such an extent that it disappeared and became one with the dark of
the night - at total than light up, and so on repetitively. Once this
summer (August 1964) one of these "stars" was visible for a few seconds
because of the great light it emitted: it was low over the city and its
size was approximately that of half the moon.

These night apparitions, strange to say, stopped during the winter season,
except for rare occasions (for instance the night of 4 February 1965 -
20 hours). The daytime apparitions were more numerous, starting 11 July
1964. I will not list them all but will just mention the main ones.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Thus, beyond the type described above, the daytime ones assumed different shapes:
1) Spherical. They revolve around themselves showing a silvery side and the other side is of a dark color. They do not exceed 4 to 6 meters in diameter.
2) Lens-like and flat.

On 11 July 1964, 1300 hours, a spherical UFO descended over the sea in front of Bergeggi (sea-side resort 6 kilometers from Savona) on the road to Nice, France, neisselass, rotating, made a rapid plunge to about 100 meters above sea level and to about 500-600 meters from where I was standing. Unfortunately my family and I were the only ones present, because of it being dinner time the beach was deserted.

On 22 September 1964 a large silvery object at an approximate height of 1500 meters hovered above the city from 9 to 11 p.m. Quite a crowd witnessed this including some policemen on duty from the Piazza della Prefettura [translator's note: probably none of the main squares of the city]. The same incident occurred on 19 November between 1815-1845 hours, and other times too. During September, I do not remember the exact date, from 0700-1900 hours, we counted at least 10 UFOs (including a couple flying in formation), resembling absorbent cotton which dissolved as soon as one touched it.

I have a small, incomplete list of UFO sightings above Savona and as already mentioned I will not list them all.

I can state that I have seen UFOs hovering over the city and then disappear as though made out of glass. Clouds would suddenly form in a clear sky and in them one sees a perfect round shape then they dissolve to later reshape themselves into a new round shape. But there is more to this, the UFO sightings per se are not a "cold hard" sensation.

During the night one can see over the city small luminous "rays" which appear and disappear. These "lights" are not very large (10-20 centimeters). Now then, this summer from a window of my house (the first time on 31 October 1964 and the second time about a week later) at exactly 21 hours on both occasions, one of these "lights" penetrated our house and passed in front of us, leaving us astonished, to say the least.

Once before while I was looking out a window one of these lights had passed in front of me in a diagonal direction from the roof to the street making a strange noise. However, the lights seen in October were silent. But this is not all: from that time (and this is happening right now) strange, very rapid "shadows" move around the rooms of my house. They move in all directions and around persons like very rapid "fireflies" and even the directions.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

television screen reflects them by small dots and lines, as often happens
due to some interference caused by household electric gadgets.

Well now, I am getting to the end of my letter. You can either disbelieve
everything I have told you or send someone to see these things personally.
I will be very happy to act as a guide.

You may wonder why all of these UFO sightings occur in Savona. These
unidentified aircraft seem extremely interested in the activities of large
bombs which fly day and night over our area. In all probability your
SAC boys who fly over our heads will already have reported something along
these lines.

Kind regards (please do not give out my name. I do not want to become a
subject of discussion by the general public.)
[signed]
Savona, Italy


- page 5 -

Savona, febbraio 1965 add4

Spett. Project Blue Book
Ing. ORR, HQ.USAF(SAP-OTPR)
WASHINGTON, DC - USA -

Egli giornali quotidiano di Roma "IL TEMPO"
che ho conosciuto ieri il v/s indirizzo.
Vorrei premettere che il sottoscritto non è
dedito all'alcool né agli stupefacenti, nel
nel piano delle Forze Fisiche e psichiche.
Ho 8 anni e due figli di 13 e 10 anni che
frequentano le scuole nel Collegio dei Padri
Scolopi in Savona. Nella mia famiglia non ci
sono state pare meditative, né pazzi ed alcoliz-
zati.
Quanto sto per scrivere, è frutto di continua
attenzione e grande passione.
Anche io come la maggioranza, di quelli
che originariamente al problema degli UFO e
quando leggo sui giornali o sento per strada
di avvistamenti di questi aerei extraterrestri
non davo peso alla cosa e non avevo idee precise
in un senso o nell'altro.
La prima volta fu nel giugno del 1962, di domenica
nel campo di avvistanza di Villanova d'Albenga
(45 Km. circa da Savona), ove una notte molte
gente per l'annuale raduno aereo che vedeva
alcune l'ammiraglia aerei R 84, mentre la caccia
in dotazione alla Aviazione Militare Italiana.
Ovviamente ero in altra dal l'orario delle
manifestazioni. Che doveva indicare la probabile
vita passata, silenzioso, tra due rubi in UFO.
Fu questione di frazioni di minuti secondi.
Ma dopo questa prima osservazione, nel corso
di avvistamenti che mi toccò altra.
In quel mese, quasi ogni sera, valevo passare
sopra la mia città degli uccelli luminosi e
come dei (cenn) della gran area naviganti di
stelle.../.


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(2)16

Questestetal"i passavano in ogni direzione sempre da sole e solo una volta due assime
ma non vicine ed in direzione diversa. L'altezza probabile potrebbe essere stata tra i 4 30
ed i 40 mila metri, senza dubbio nella atmosfera. In 1000 notte non è mai capita, e non hanno
una velocità costante. Si muovono e possono fermarsi per poi ripartire nuovamente, certe
volte più alte ed altre più basse, spesso ho visto attenuare la luce sino a diventare
buio e confondersi con il buio della notte, per poi riaccendersi nuovamente e cosi' via.
Solo una volta, quest'estate(Agosto 1964) una di queste "stelle" per pochi secondi è stata
visibile per la grande luce che emanava: era
bassi mille citta' e della grandezza apparente
quasi di mezza luna.
Questi avvistamenti notturni, sembra strano,
sono concentrati in ore tarde della notte (ad
es. (da esempio 16 sera del 4/9/65 ore 20,00)
Gli avvistamenti a pieno giorno sono stati
assai più numerosi a partire dal 5 giugno 1964 e non staro' ad elencarli tutti
ma accennerò a quelli principali.
Vennero, oltre ai tipo specificato, quelli
visti il giorno sono di diverse forme:
1) A forma sferica,Rotonda su se stessa,posturata
una parte angolosa a 1/4 di essa di colore scuro.
Non sono più' grossi di metri 5/6 di diametro.
2) A forma piatta, con colore nero.
Il giorno 11 luglio 1964 alle ore 13,00 un UFO
a forma sferica (discese-basso) sul mare davanti
a Recco (Genova) (localita' Banane a 6 Km da Savona
sulla strada che porta a Nizza) senza alcun
rumore, rotando, fece una rapida affondato a
circa 100 metri, sul livello dal mare ed a circa
500/600 metri di distanza da dove era. (Sembra
nettamente data l'ora del pranzo, sulla spiaggia
non v'è era nessuna persona). Solamente mia moglie
(che mi ha poi le vedere) e mio figlio erano
presenti al fatto.
Il 28 Settembre 1964 un grosso oggetto argenteo


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(3)

[The text appears to be in Italian and continues for a full page. Due to the length and complexity, I'll provide a partial transcription of the visible text. Some words may be slightly inaccurate due to OCR limitations.]

ad una altezza che non superava i 15 mila metri, rimane sulla citta' dalle 6,00 sino alle 11,00 ed oltre. Moltissime gente dalla Piazza della Prefettura hanno visto il fatto ivi compresi dei poliziotti di servizio presso la Prefettura, lo stesso fatto si è ripetuto il 19 Novembre alle ore 18,15 sino alle 18,45 in quanto fu coperto poi dalle nubi, ed altre volte ancora.

[The text continues in this manner, discussing what seems to be a UFO sighting with multiple observations at different times, mentioning clouds, city locations, and various details about the event.]

The document appears to be a detailed report about a UFO sighting, written in Italian, with page number (3) at the top left.


- page 8 -

The text appears to be in Italian. Here is the OCR output:

[Note: Some words may be slightly inaccurate due to the image quality]

[First paragraph begins]
"Dopo prima di questo"inda" era passata davanti alla mia persona, mentre
ero affacciato ad una finestra nel senso verticale del tetto alla strada
questa con uno strano numero, mentre le precedenti descritte erano state
del tutto silenziose. Ma ciò non è tutto e: dall'ora in casa mia) e ciò
è controllabile anche in questo momento) vagano per le stanze della strana
velocissime "ombre" che in momenti discontinui attraversano in tutti i sensi
i muri, girando attorno alle persone, come velocissime "farfalle" e persino
ciò è visione del televisore le avverto con dei piccoli punti e riche, quasi
come avviene per il disturbo lasciato dall'uso degli elettrodomestici.
Ovviamente termino il mio scritto. Potete anche non credere a tutto ciò che
ho scritto, Pensi potete inviare vostri delegati per controllare in
"loco", (sarò ben lieto di far da guida) e di far vedere in casa le famose
"ombre vaganti".

In fine, chiaramente, perché proprio a Savona tutti questi messaggi di uno
di questi velivoli sconosciuti, sembrano molto interessarsi del passaggio
di grossi bombardieri che giorno e notte passano nello spazio sopra la nostra regione
(a questo è un punto che spesso si incontrano quelli rilevati viene il meno
con quelli verso il potenziale). Con tutta probabilità i vostri ragazzi del
SAC che passano sempre sopra le nostre teste avranno riferito, mia/cosa
in proposito"......

Con ciò concludo porgendo i più distinti e cordiali saluti,
[Last line partially obscured/blacked out]

The text appears to be a personal account or letter describing strange "shadows" or "ombres" moving through rooms, with references to unknown vehicles and aircraft.


- page 9 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH

UNCLASSIFIED

AF IN : 56125 (27 Nov 64)     A/pms

ACTION: NIN-7

INFO : XOP-1, KOPX-7, SAF-OS-3, JCS/OSD-1, NSA-7, DIA-15  (42)

SMB C047 V   OZA713ADA48TFD586VV   GAB369
.....  ZZ RUEAHQ

DE RUETGA 18 27/0516

ZNR

Z 2705 15Z

FM BABS 17/OUTWEIGH

TO RUEAHQ/CSAF WASHINGTON
RUEASN/26ADIV ADC
RUECBD/COMEAST SEAFRON
RUETAD/BAF WESTOVER
RUCSBB/CINCSAC
RUCVAF/2AF BARKSDALE
RUCKDT/COMASWFORLANT
RUWBKG/15AF MARCH
RUMGALB/C INCNORAD
RCCSC/CANAIRDEF ST HUBERT
RCEOM/CANCOMARLANT HALIFAX

BT
UNCLAS ZIPPO CIRVIS/BABS 17 SURFACE CITING

20 SHIPS AT SEA AT 4343N 5120W AT 0400Z

PT
NOTE: Advance copies delivered to KOPX, NIN, DIA.
Readdressed to CIA on AFHQ Form 1392 #529.


- page 10 -

Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol 12, #1, March 1965

Grand Valley, Penna.
26 November 1964

HIGH RADIATION FOLLOWS UFO SIGHTING On the night of November 26th, Mrs. Florence Rosenburg of Grand Valley, Pennsylvania, saw a BRIGHT LIGHT traveling very fast and low. She had just stepped down from the porch of a relative's home when she spotted the object about 100 feet above the ground, and slightly behind a nearby barn. It was only about 100 feet above the ground, according to Mrs. Rosenburg, who was accompanied by her daughter at the time. The UFO apparently fell in a pasture adjoining the barn, though no trace of it could be found. However, a local saucer investigator came the following day with a scintillator for radiation count, and noticed a radiation count five times normal in the area. The UFO was also seen on the night of the 26th by a man named Elmer Van Guilder, who described it as having had "a dark oblong shape" in front of the ball of light. He added that the apparently solid part of the object was about ten times as long as the light itself.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

AF IN: 59908 (30 Nov 64) N/rph
ACTION: NIN-7
INFO: XOP-1, XOPX-7, DIA-15, NSA-7, SAP-OS-3, JCS/OSD-1 (42)

SMB C028 CHQA679ZCCJC848
00 RUEAHQ
DE RUHPJ 863 30/0658Z
ZNR
0 308645Z
FM CGC MATAGORDA
TO RUEAHQ/COFS USAF
ZEN/CCGO FOURTEEN
ZEN/CTF THREE TWO
RUWGALB/CINC NORAD
RUHLHL/CINGPACFLT
INFO RUECJD/COMDT COGARO
RUWSJ/COMWESTAREA

BT
UNCLAS
MER INT:
1. MATAGORDA/NFV.
2. ONE BRIGHT OBJECT SIMILAR TO SATELLITE
3. 33-58.5N 164-14.E
4. 308638Z

Handwritten notes on the side include various calculations and coordinates, but these are not part of the official typed text.

The document is marked as "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top and bottom of the page.


- page 12 -

NO CASE (Information Only)
Source:    AIFO Bulletin, May & Jun 65

27 November 64
North Cape, P E Island, Can

Three View UFO In
Canada
    Fishermen Alphonse Gaudet, Eric Mc-
Innis and Arnold Gaudet sighted a silver-
wingless object which fishing near North
Cape, P. E. Island, Canada at 1:30 a.m.
on 27 November 1964. The men were
mackerel fishing near North Cape and
were 1 1/2 miles off the shore of Sea
Cow Pond when they spotted the object
heading in an easterly direction at high
speed.

    Arnold Gaudet, through previous ex-
perience in sea hunting by airplane, esti-
mated the object's altitude at approxi-
mately 2,000 feet. The men noticed the
absence of any sound and the complete
absence of wings. They said, it had
orange-colored fins extending all around
the object which appeared to be 30 feet
in diameter. It disappeared in the
east shortly after it was first seen.


- page 13 -

NO CASE (Information Only)
Source: AFRO Bulletin, Mar & Apr 65

27 November 64
Longmont, Colorado

Longmont, Colorado—
Deputy Sheriff Walt Dunbar, flying in a
northern direction with Mrs. Dunbar, at
9:37 p.m. on 27 November 1964, saw a
brilliant white object traveling about 20
degrees above the horizon in the north
and which went from southwest to northeast in about 10 seconds. Just before it
disappeared, bright streaks shot out from
the object's sides diagonally to the path
of flight. The object was also seen by
Deputies Chuck Waneka and Hugo Ziegler, who were cruising in a patrol car.


- page 14 -

Information Only
Source: Fawcett

Prince Edwards Island
28 November 1964

November 28, 1964 -- Prince Edward Island, Canada-- Three fisherman, Arnold Gaudet, Alphonse Gaudet, & Eric McInnis reported a silver colored wingless UFO, 50 feet in diameter, with orange colored fins flying above Sea Cow Pond. SOURCE: Prince Edward Island Guardian, Canada.


- page 15 -

Information Only
Source: Fawcett

Grand Valley, Pennsylvania
20 November 1964

Page # 2 SAUCERS FLEW IN 1964-65

November 30, 1964--Grand Valley, Pennsylvania--A background radiation count of about 5 times normal was detected after a round UFO moved above the ground near a farmhouse. The object was reported by housewife Florence Rosenburgh and several other eyewitnesses. SOURCE: Corry Journal, Pa.


- page 16 -

DECEMBER 1964 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                                OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

Dec     Seward, Pennsylvania                    Military                   Astro (METEOR)
2       64N 169.30W (Pacific)                   Military                   Satellite
4       64N 10W (Near Iceland)                  Civilian & Military        Satellite
         Baker, Oregon                           GROUND VISUAL &            Visual: Astro (STARS/
                                                 GROUND RADAR               PLANETS)

5       Vero Beach, Florida                     Civilian Pilot             Radar: FALSE TARGETS
6       Baker, Oregon                                                      Insufficient Data
14      Falls Church, Virginia                                             Astro (METEOR)
18      Needham, Massachusetts                                             Astro (MOON)
19      Cudahy, Wisconsin                                                  Insufficient Data
         01.14N 164.12W (Pacific)                Military                  Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
19-29   Patuxent River, Maryland                Military                   Satellite
21      Harrisonburg, Virginia                                             Other (RADAR ANOMALIES)
                                                                           Other (PSYCHOLOGICAL
29      Cleveland, Ohio                                                    CATEGORY)
29      Glen Falls, New York                                               Astro (ARCTURUS/MARS)
                                                                           Balloon

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                                SOURCE                     EVALUATION

Dec     Universe                                Science News Ltr           (164)
4       Los Angeles, California                 Newsclipping
4       British Columbia                        Newsclipping
5&8     Cape Kennedy, Florida                   Newsclipping
6       Berea, Ohio                             Newsclipping
7       Crosbyton, Texas                        Newsclipping
10      Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio                    Newsclipping
10      East Tennessee                          Newsclipping
13      Montrose, Colorado                      Newsclipping
21      Kankakee, Illinois                      Newsclipping
28      Gilroy, California                      Newsclipping
29      Akron, Ohio                             Newsclipping
30      Bellevue, Nebraska                      Newsclipping
                                                                           (164)


- page 17 -

AP IN: 59908 (30 Nov 64)                                   Pg 2 of 2

5. MEDIUM POSIT ANGLE 30.
6. COURSE 278T.
7. UNKNOWN
8. UNKNOWN
9. SEA CALM WEATHER CLEAR
BT
NNNNCHQD571ZCCJB464
RR RUEAHQ
DE RUMSBJ 28
AND MATE DISREGARD PLS
CHQD571ZCCJB
NNN

NOTE: ADVANCE COPY DELIVERED TO XOPX & DIA, & NIN
       RETRANSMITTED TO GIA PER AF HQ 1392 #578

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

330

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for November 21, 1964

Jupiter Now Prominent
A total lunar eclipse and Jupiter's shining appearance
in southern skies, studied with an unusual number of bright
stars, highlight December evenings.

By JAMES STOKLEY

> SHINING MORE BRIGHTLY than any
other planet—or any star—while on eve-
nings of December, the planet Jupiter
now very prominent in the southern sky.
It adds to the splendor of a region contain-
ing an unusually large number of bright
stars.

The accompanying maps show the appear-
ance of the heavens in December about
10:00 p.m., your own kind of standard time,
at the beginning of the month; 9:00 p.m.
at the middle of the month; 8:00 p.m. at
the end.

Jupiter is high in the south, in the con-
stellation of Ares, the ram. Just to the left
you can see Taurus, the bull, which contains
the bright star Aldebaran. To the left of
Aldebaran is the first magnitude star Rigel.
Although it is of the first magnitude on the
astronomer's brightness scale, Aldebaran is
about a nineteenth as bright as Jupiter.

Further to the left and lower than Taurus
stands Orion, the great warrior, with first
magnitude stars Betelgeuse and Rigel. Be-
tween them is a row, three fainter stars
that represent Orion's belt according to the
way the group has been pictured.

A little higher than Orion and to the left
is the constellation of Gemini, the twins.

Part of this group is on the northern sky
map, including its brightest star of Canis
Major, the big dog is Sirius known as the
"dog star". This is the brightest star visible
in the night sky. However, its brilliance is
now somewhat reduced because of its low
altitude and the increased absorption of its
light by the earth's atmosphere. Procyon is
the bright star in the little dog, Canis Minor.

Saturn in Southwest

Another planet, Saturn, appears in the
southwest, in Aquarius, the water carrier,
considerably fainter than Jupiter. Above
Aquarius is Pegasus, the winged horse, with
its brightest star Markab forming a great
"eye". Low in the northwest is Ve-ga, the bright star of Lyra, the lyre, now
greatly dimmed by its low altitude.

Although Mars rises too late to be shown
on our maps, it is the third planet visible on
December evenings. The "red" planet rises
in the east just before midnight at the beginning of December, and about 10:30 p.m.
at the month's end. It is in the constellation
of Virgo, the virgin.

About two and a half hours before sun-

rise, early in the month, Venus rises above
the eastern horizon. It is even more brilliant
than Jupiter and is in the constellation
Mercury, this month, is too near the direction of the sun to be seen easily.

Sun Furthest South

On Monday, Dec. 21, at 2:50 p.m., E.S.T.,
the sun will be farthest south—directly over
a point in the south Pacific Ocean about
400 miles northwest of Easter Island. For
those of us who live in the Northern Hemisphere, this marks the beginning of winter
and we have the shortest period of daylight.
But in countries south of the equator it will
be the first day of summer—and the longest
day of the year.

Although December will bring two
eclipses (the last of six during the year),
one will be of little interest. This is a partial
eclipse of the sun on Dec. 3. Over most of
the northern Pacific Ocean, northeastern
Asia and southwestern Alaska, it will be
barely noticeable. It will cover about 1/20
of the sun, covering as much as 75% of the solar
diameter.

This occurs, like all eclipses of the sun,
at the time of new moon. Two weeks later,
on Dec. 18, there will be a total eclipse
around the earth and reached full phase,
it will enter the earth's shadow and there
will be a total eclipse of the moon. Generally when the moon is full, there is no
eclipse, but this one will be total, either north or
south of earth's center.

On Friday evening, Dec. 18, people in
both North and South America, where the
sky is clear, will be able to see the brilliant
light of the full moon fade as the eclipse
reaches its height, and then return to full
brightness in a few hours.

The accompanying diagram shows the
principal stages of the eclipse. North (i.e.,
the direction of Polaris, the north star) is
at the top and the large circle represents
the sky. At 10:08 p.m., E.S.T. for Central
(subtract one hour for Central, from book
for Mountain and three hours for Pacific
Standard Time), the edge of the moon will
just be entering the shadow, as indicated
at 1.

Stages of Eclipse

Within a few minutes the curved edge
of the shadow will be visible, then it will
slowly creep across the lunar surface. At
10:16 (II) the moon will be half covered
in the shadow (II) and the total eclipse
will begin. At 10:48 (III) the total phase
ends and the moon begins to emerge from
the shadow. By 11:16 (IV) the moon will
be completely out of earth's shadow.

Generally, the moon does not disappear
completely during a total eclipse. It is
eclipsed, but shines with a dull, coppery red
glow. This is because the layer of air around
the earth acts as a prism, to bend into the
shadow some of the sun's rays. As sunlight
passes through the atmosphere, some of its


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

blue waves are scattered, which make the daytime sky look blue. Thus the light that passes through and shines on the moon has a higher proportion of red than normally, giving the eclipsed moon its characteristic color.

If there are thick layers of high clouds through which the sunlight passes, much of it may be cut off, and the eclipsed moon will be darker than usual. Occasionally the moon may disappear completely, as it did at a total eclipse of the moon a year ago. This one, however, will probably not be as dark.

Scientifically, a total lunar eclipse is relatively little significance compared with one of the sun, but it is a fascinating spectacle. This one will be widely observed in the United States, and Canada if the weather is good, since the eclipse occurs at a convenient viewing hour in the evening.

Celestial Timetable for December

DEC.    EST
3    8:19 p.m.    New moon, partial eclipse of sun
6    7:00 a.m.    Moon farthest, distance
10    4:30 p.m.    Algol (variable star in Perseus) at minimum brightness
13    7:00 a.m.    Moon passes south of Saturn
13    early a.m.    Moon in first quarter
15    12:50 a.m.    Meteors visible apparently from constellation of Gemini
15    9:50 p.m.    Algol at minimum
16    4:00 a.m.    Moon passes south of Jupiter
18    4:00 p.m.    Mercury between earth and sun
19    6:20 p.m.    Algol at minimum
19    9:43 p.m.    Full moon, total eclipse
    6:00 a.m.    Moon nearest, distance
24    2:00 p.m.    Saturn 2.7 million miles
    begins in Northern Hemisphere
25    2:37 p.m.    Moon passes north of Mars
31    9:00 a.m.    Moon passes south of Venus

Note: one hour for CST, two hours for MST, and three hours for PST

*Science News Letter, No. 20, November 21, 1964


- page 20 -

NO CASE (Information Only)
Source: AFRO Bulletin, Mar&Apr 65

16 November 64
Lolo, Montana

... Lolo, Montana-At 6:15 a.m. on 16 November 1964, First Filter Service Station operator, was opening his place of business when he saw a shimmering circle of light flying noiselessly about 3 miles west of Lolo. After flying over the Valley for several minutes, the object veered sharply to the north. It had a light on top sharply similar to the light on top of a police car...


- page 21 -

Information Only
Source: Fawcett

Buenos Aires, Argentina
16 November 1964

November 16,1964--Buenos Aires, Argentina--Argentina Astronomers at San Miguel Observatory were puzzled because of an elongated, flattened and red UFO that crossed the observatory's telescope range in four minutes, whereas normal artificial satellites take roughly 18 minutes.

This UFO moved at 4½ times the speed of an ordinary man-made satellite.

SOURCE: Detroit Daily Press, Michigan.


- page 22 -

Information Only
Source: A F O Bulletin, January 65

Marshfield, Wisconsin
17 November 1964

Bright Globe Over Wisconsin

A radio announcer, a housewife and a streetsweeeper operator at Marshfield, Wisconsin, apparently viewed the same UFO over that town in the early morning hours of 17 November 1964.

A housewife described a "round, bright object", "3 or 4 feet in diameter", of a yellowish hue, which she observed at 1:30 a. m. and again at 4:30 a. m. She said it moved from southeast to north, then retracted its path.

Radio announcer Jack Thornton said he also observed it at 1:30 a. m. and his report tallied with that of the housewife.

The street cleaner saw the object, described as above, traveling in a westerly direction over Marshfield at 4:30 a.m.


- page 23 -

NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY, 19 NOV 64 ITALY                    ALSO OTHER BACK DATES

Mrs Hunt/SAFCICC/T282/13 May 65
May 14, 1965

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Thank you very much for your recent letter regarding unidentified flying objects. I must apologize for the delay in answering, but I am sure you will understand that the work involved in answering the many letters and analyzing and evaluating the many reports received in this office is very time consuming.

I am enclosing a copy of the current report on Project Blue Book, the Air Force review on unidentified flying objects. This report gives the official position of the Air Force on this subject.

In 15 years of investigating over 5000 reports of unidentified flying objects, the evidence has proved beyond reasonable doubt that all reported aerial phenomena have been objects either created and seen later by man, generated by atmospheric conditions, or caused by celestial bodies or the residue of meteoric activity.

There has never been any evidence that UFOs reported to the Air Force represented extraterrestrial vehicles. So much of the reported to the Air Force has given my indication of a threat to this planet nor has any evidence been presented that any unidentified flying object exhibited characteristics beyond the scope of current technical or scientific knowledge.

During the course of investigating UFO reports, it is often necessary to check all tracking, balloon launches, and weather reports. Due to the great distance between our investigating office and these areas, it will be extremely difficult for us to try to evaluate your report.

I have been in touch with the Assistant Air Attache from Italy. He suggests that you contact someone at the following address with regard to your sightings:

Ministero della Di Presa Aeronautico
State Sezione-Sisce
Via Cristofoli 4
Rome, Italy


- page 24 -

