There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various fields filled out.

Transcribing the text from the form:

1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 26 November 64, 27/0114Z
2. LOCATION: Honolulu, Hawaii
3. SOURCE: BALLOON
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 1/2 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: -
8. PHOTOS: - 
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 0 Yes - X No
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer was driving along in the same direction as the object. He stopped his car to watch it, which was visible for about 1 1/2 minutes. It appeared to be just the characteristics of a balloon. It was either black or very dark shade green.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph or image present in the provided document. 

PACIFIC AIR FORCES BASE COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
APO 953, San Francisco, California

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Report

TO: AFSC (FTDT)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Attached is a letter describing a possible UFO. It was called within one hour of this sighting and made a routine telephone investigation. At the time there were no helicopters, weather balloons, military or civilian conventional aircraft in the area. Neither were any known aircraft visible. Neither were any unusual objects observed on local radars.

2. PACAF MANUAL 200-2, July 1962 is guide for following information:

a. Description: See attached letter and sketch.
b. Description of course of object: See attached letter. 
c. Manner of observation: Ground-visual observation by Carl R. Nagatori and his wife.
d. Time and date: (1) 27/0115Z - November 27, 1964 (2) Day - 1315 hours - Local.
e. Location: 157.50'N - 21.20' W. Street located in bottom of a narrow valley north of Honolulu.
f. Identification information on observer: Civilian employed by Seaboard Finance Company. Reliability cannot be judged.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR output:

Weather:
(1) Overcast at approximately 1000' - just over the top of the hills.
(2) Surface winds from southeast - 5-15 kts.
(3) 1000'
(4) 15 miles under clouds.
(5) Overcast in the area of sighting.
(6) None
(7) Not available.

h. Other unusual activity: None.
i. Intercept action: None.
j. Possible balloon release point: None.
k. Director of Intelligence, PACAF Base Command/326 Air Division (Defense).
Preliminary analysis: Unknown - I have exhausted all areas of possible investigation and think it is significant that this case cannot be propagated elsewhere but was reported by no one else.

1. Physical evidence: None other than attached statement.

FOR THE COMMANDER
TERRY M. MILES
Captain, USAF
Director of Intelligence
PACAFBASECOM & 326 ADD

- page 3 -

The image contains an old typewritten document from the "FINANCE COMPANY" in Honolulu, Hawaii, dated December 1, 1964. The document appears to be a report describing a UFO sighting experience. There is no photograph included in this particular page of the document.

Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

Dear Sirs:
The following is a complete summary of my experience which I will describe in detail.
On November 30, 1964, at about 5:45 PM, I was driving south on the Honouliuli Road and we saw an object in the sky which, in the beginning appeared to be motionless and we were traveling north on Oahu Avenue. The object appeared to be about a quarter of a mile ahead and above of us.
The reason it seemed strange to me was because I have never before seen anything like it. I studied Air Science at the University and also spent time as an Air Force Radar Operator, with the limited knowledge I acquired through these experiences it just did not register any explanation through aero-dynamics.
To get a better view I proceeded along the road to a point which was almost directly under the object. I turned the car radio off. It was hovering overhead between 500 to 600 feet. It first appeared to be motionless pointing east to west. It couldn't have been an aircraft turning around as it was perfectly motionless. It was getting closer to the mountains at this time it swung around gaining more altitude. It looked like an elliptically shaped object realizing the tremendous size of it. During all this time there was not a sound that could be heard. It was absolutely motionless. The color was dark either black or a very dark gray.
On this day the islands here were receiving winds that were going from northwest to southeast. At one point as I mentioned the object headed southward which only means it must have had some power to maneuver. Not like a kite or a balloon. My wife and I had a full uninterrupted view and a half is not the look at it.
Enclosed is a rough sketch of what we saw.

- page 4 -

The image appears to be a diagram or sketch depicting the side and front views of an unidentified object. The side view shows a disc-shaped object with the label "SIDE", while the front view shows a mushroom-shaped object with the label "FRONT". There is also a note at the bottom of the image that says "Attachment #2".

Text from the document:

SIDE
<-- 10 FT OR MORE -->
FRONT
Attachment #2

- page 5 -

