Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
14 November 64 15/032Z

2. LOCATION
Brooklyn, New York

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Astronomical (METEOR)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2-3 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Falling

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

Form 164 sent. Object has speed and flight characteristics of meteor but no tail and not very bright. Very likely a meteor. If form is not filled in completely, it is because the information is not available.

Object streaking across sky. 1st mg bluish white color. No tail, looked like satellite except much faster. Flight from Orion (25 deg elevation) to the horizon in 2-3 seconds. Orion at 115 deg azimuth. Object was round and small like a star.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

24 November 1964

Dear Mr. [redacted]

This is in reply to your recent letter in which you reported observing an object in the sky.

Attached is an PID Form 164. It is requested that you complete the Form In the greatest detail possible and return it to this office for further evaluation.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Chief, Pictorial Branch
Public Information Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
PID Form 164

Mr. [redacted]
Brooklyn, New York, 11230


- page 2 -

Office of Information
Dept. of Air Force
Project Blue Book (SAF-01PB)
Washington D.C.

Sirs:

On Saturday night, 10:37P.M EST in New York(Brooklyn) I sighted an object streaking across the sky. It seemed to originate(as if it was turned on by a switch) very close to the star Betelguise in the constellation of Orion. The direction in w hich it traveled was from Betelguise to the 5 stars in its belt, and towards the horizon. It was fairly bright(about 1st magnitude) and the color of the star Rigel-a bluish white. It was round and was very small-the size of how a star appears. It was moving pretty fast-it went from Betelguist to the horizon in about 2-3seconds. It had no tail at all and actually looked like a satellite would look but it was much faster. I have a fairly good knowledge in astronomy and so I made a list of things it could possibly be and checked out all of the objects that could not appear as that did. I have down:Comet-no-no tail and too fast; meteor-no too slow and no tail;satellite-no-no listings in any paper/balloon-no-you can only see balloons one-half hour after sunset and this was in the middle of the night; airplane-no-no blinking lights, no outline of plane, no noise, too fast. As you see I have checked off most of the things it could possibly be. I called up the Air Force Base (Floyd Bennet Field) and they told me to write to you. I hope you can find out what it was as I am very curious.

Thank you very much,
[Signature redacted]
Bklyn 11239 NY


- page 3 -

OFFICE OF INFORMATION
Dept. of the Air Force
Project Blue Book (SAF-01PB)
Washington D.C. 20330

Bklyn. N. Y. 11230

The rest of the text appears to be partially illegible or obscured, with some lines being difficult to read clearly. The document appears to be a standard form or report page from Project Blue Book, with a postmark or stamp from Brooklyn, NY visible.


- page 4 -

