PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
8 Nov. 64

2. LOCATION
Boca Raton, Florida

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual Tx

7. COURSE
N/A

8. PHOTOS
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Insufficient data for evaluation

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Since the sighting occurred at such a late date if is practically impossible to perform a comprehensive evaluation, and from the data available such an investigation is not warranted.

FORM
FTD SEP 69 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Boca Raton, Fla.
33432

U.S. Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

I hope you will be kind enough to forward this letter to the authorities that deal with U.F.O.s. Thank you.

To begin with I am not a wide-eyed fanatic. I am an amateur astronomer and have not read to the best of my knowledge, any hallucinations. I have seen many astronomical phenomena, from solides to comets to satellites. I am well informed from sources such as Sky and Telescope and Review of Popular Astronomy. The point of all this is that I do not wish to be informed I've seen a meteor, weather balloon, or Venus. I am not trying to tell you what it was, that I saw, merely describing what I've seen.

Since this and one or two other sightings of which I am not certain of, and thus will not mention, I have read some books on the subject, but found nothing concrete. I personally believe that you are not taking a very good stand. I remember a statement was released several months ago you said that there was no indication that these crafts, if they are crafts, can do anything our planes can't do. I am wondering that if these things are crafts and if you have been telling the truth about it, unexplained radar contacts, what do you call a craft or object that can fly past America and not trigger of the DEW equipment.

At any rate I will now tell you what happened. It has been a long time since this night I am about to tell you about, but I felt I wouldn't bother to write to you. I did, however, make a careful record. There was one witness, whose name I will with hold. I'd better explain now that I am only fourteen years old and if that deters the letter, I am sorry. I am still a competent amateur astronomer.

The date and year was Nov. 8, 1964. The time: 8:30 P.M. E.S.T. My friend, who I will call "Paul", and I were over at his house using his telescope, a 2.4 in. refractor of Japanese make, taking turns at the eyepiece. I looked up and started looking at the constellations, perhaps trying to pick out Orion. I was just about to look down when those streetlights. Suddenly, and I mean very suddenly, a moving object caught the corner of my eye. Turning my head towards the northeast in an open V-formation of tiny lights, too many to make out singly, I saw

[Note: The last line appears to be cut off]


- page 2 -

At the same time I gasped and "Paul" jerked his head up and followed my eyes.Now you must realize this was all happening at once.The seeing out of the corner of my eye, the gasp and "Paul" seeing the thing too took no more than one second.The object or objects were in a V-formation,pointed part of the formation pointing in the direction of travel.The thing glowed with a blue-white light.Now we come to the most amazing things of the object.Its noise, or lack of it, and its motion.

The object crossed from one horizon to the other horizon in less than three seconds,if not faster(more like two seconds,but it is difficult to estimate such short amounts of time) and it was not jerky in motion,more like a graceful glide.There was absolutely no sound,whats so ever.

"Paul" also saw it for the greater part of its flight.His report checked out my own impressions.

I do not try to explain it.I merely state that I saw something which is as I described and "Paul" saw the same.And I do state that this report is correct and wish it to go down on the record as such.

Sincerely,

P.S. I am sorry for the corrections I had to make in this letter, as I am not good at typing.


- page 3 -

