Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
15 Jul 64 0957

2. LOCATION
Winchester, Virginia

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Probably Balloon

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1/2 min

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE

8. PHOTOS
Yes
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object sighted as a white, round, bright object moving across sky. Appeared as a 11:14 short white round object moving across sky. Probably a balloon. Moved with a steady course. Traveled a 60-75 deg. elevation.

FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Text found in the document:

Page 8

Enclo I

Enclo II


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

SERVICE
TELEVISION REPAIR
AKRON 7, OHIO

Dear Sirs:
I was informed to call on you if necessary about an unidentified flying object that I have seen recently in Winchester, Virginia on route 522. I first informed the Lewis Research Center in Cleveland, Ohio about the sighting and I received the reply from Calvin W. Weiss who informed me if I wanted to get more of an idea. Mr. Weiss said it might be better to write to you. Then he informed me if I wanted more of an idea. Mr. Weiss said it would be good to write to you that I would have a little more to move from south to north or from north to south, because they usually appear to move in orbit and the position of the earth at the time. So if possible I would like to have some information on this statement.

P.S. If possible would you send any information on the Project Gemini or any clippings or film strips. I would be pleased.
Hoping to hear from you soon.
Yours Truly,

(Note: Some parts of the letterhead and signature are blacked out)


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
5   7   64
Day  Month  Year

2. Time of day:   1   20
               Hour   Minutes
(Circle One):   A.M.   or   P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One):   a. Eastern
                             b. Central
                             c. Mountain
                             d. Pacific
                             e. Other

(Circle One):   a. Daylight Saving
                b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address:   Winchester   Virginia
City or Town               State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
           Hours   30   Seconds
                  Minutes

5.1 How was time in sight determined?   By our watching.

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   X   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                         NIGHT
a. Bright                   a. Dark
b. Cloudy                   b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):   a. In front of you   d. To your left
                b. In back of you    e. Overhead
                c. To your right     f. Don't remember


- page 4 -

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vague
d. Dim light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
It was about the same as a star, not very bright.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: It was like a star not quite
or not almost it was in between
it seemed to be moving with slow
it was a strange light with
faded away, it flashed sometimes.

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flatten (like)?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?    NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    If you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: ________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: There was no sound to it, it was just quite.
b. Color: It was a white light, just like a star.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match stick?
ALL of the object was covered by the match stick.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[No drawing is present on this page]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North            c. East            e. South            g. West
b. Northeast        d. Southeast        f. Southwest        h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?    55    miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No

a. Binoculars    Yes    No
b. Telescope    Yes    No
c. Theodolite    Yes    No
d. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
It was a star in motion, in other words it was a moving star.


- page 7 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mrs                                 Akron 7,Ohio
Mr                                  Akron 7,Ohio
Mrs                                 Akron 7,Ohio
Mr                                  Akron 7,Ohio
And my brother and sister.           Akron 7,Ohio

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS                             Akron      7     Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER                    AGE  16    SEX  Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
5     7     64
Day   Month  Year


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:     24     2     64
                                               Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The page is Page 7 and the text field for question 35 is blank.


- page 10 -

