This document does not contain any photograph. The image appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report, likely from Project Blue Book, with various fields filled out such as the date, time, location, number of objects, type of observation, and a brief summary and analysis.

Text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP  20 Sept. 64,  21/0052Z
2. SOURCE  Civilian
3. LOCATION  Coldwater, Ohio
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS  Two
5. LENGTHS OF OBSERVATION  20 Seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION  Ground-Visual
7. COURSE  West
8. PHOTOS  No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE  No
10. CONCLUSION  AIRCRAFT
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS  Observation of two objects in flight to West at dusk. Appeared as two distant lights; no objects visible - lights only. Changed brightness - Disappeared at Western horizon. While color, 11 lights were vertically spaced.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

UFO (UNTS) INVESTIGATION SECTION AFD, OHIO 
11 DECEMBER 1964 
DR. J. ALLEN HYNEK 
DEARBORN OBSERVATORY 
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY 
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 
Dear Allen,
We have completed the evaluation of the September 1964 cases. The evaluation of the sightings of 10 Sep 64, cases 37, 38, and 39, Coldwater, Ohio, have not been evaluated as we requested your assistance.
We are now working with the July and August sightings and will forward these as soon as the evaluations are completed. 
Hoping to hear from you on the January to June 1964 cases.
Sincerely,
DAVID N. MOODY 
MAJOR, USAF 
CHIEF, AERIAL PHENOMENA BRANCH

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a filled-out U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire regarding an unidentified aerial object observed on September 9, 1964 in Coldwater, Ohio.

The text in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION 
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible regarding the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will be used in connection with any statements. However, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 20 Sept 1964
2. Time of day: 8:45 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M. 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Coldwater, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: Hazy NIGHT: Bright
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD FORM 164 this form supersedes FTD 143, Jul 51, which is obsolete. ATCH 2

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph, but rather a page from a Project Blue Book document from 1964. 

The text from the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None 
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember 

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vague

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter 
b. Dimmer
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 
6,9X12 LIGHT (1000 WATT LAMPS) 

12. The shape of the object was: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes  No  Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes  No  Don't know
c. Break into parts or explode? Yes  No  Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes  No  Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes  No  Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes  No  Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes  No  Don't know

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire about a UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? YES - AT WESTRON HORIZON

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound WHITE LIGHT
b. Color WHITE LIGHT

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a form with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

The text found in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the business section of a city? 
d. Outdoors
e. In an airplane (type)
f. At sea
g. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In an open field?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Binoculars Yes No
d. Telescope Yes No
e. Window glass Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
Fight 3 Verticad Speed 3500 Feet

- page 6 -

The image contains a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this specific page, only diagrams and sketches.

The text in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

COLDWATER, OHIO

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street COLDWATER City State ZIP 
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE SEX
(indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent)
RETIRED for 25 YEARS

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Capt. Edwin M. Heller, USAF AP 34-3499 Air Force Base 21 Sep 1964 14. Ravenna Armament Depot

- page 8 -

