The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record with various fields filled out, including the date, location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, course, photos, and physical evidence.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 7/5/64 
2. LOCATION: The Bronx, New York
3. SOURCE: Citizen
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 secs.
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
7. COURSE: None
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing typed text.

Information Ouly 
Sources: Acaputed Action UFO Committee Report, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64

Ann Arbor, Mich.
20 July 1964

Mrs 2m Arbor reported: "At aoodtrtul object oosiug for a foot to five feet is not acrlttlng on her from cover of
trees as sbe wot going out the door one night."

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Information Only
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64

July 17th, 1964 near Ionia, Michigan two firemen and their driver reported that on this date they observed a peculiar sight in the sky moving at a high rate of speed. The report was confirmed by a similar incident at Grand Rapids, Mich.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with text describing an observation made on July 24 in Bounder, South Carolina.

Information Only 
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, May 64

July 24: Bounder, S.C. After careful examination of the area of this town, it was found that there is no definite evidence that any aircraft of any kind was ever in the area. The grease can not be identified with any known aircraft at this time. The evidence seems to indicate that it is not readily due to any aircraft, and there is no evidence of where the grease was formed. The origin of this grease remains unknown except for the indications evenly spread about the area and the characteristic time of its deposit suggestive of the character of the case. The terrestrial time of the case points to unsure solution.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Information Only
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64

Haddock, Oregon
21-23 July 64

On 21-23 July 64, residents in the Haddock area reported seeing two objects described as "pulsing in brightly lighted spots." In virtually all cases the objects were moving at a high rate of speed and were sighted.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document page from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force study of unidentified flying objects.

Information Only
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64

July 23, 1964, 6:20 p.m. Several Bronx residents reported seeing five flatly-shaped objects hovering and then moving rapidly to the northwest at an extremely high speed. The objects were first sighted at 10 p.m., they were moving in a northeasterly direction.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Information Only
Source: Aerican UTO Gunnittoc Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64
Tacoma, Wash. 22 July 1964

July 22, 1964: Tacoma, Wash. A deformation bright object appeared in the sky toward the southeast. It resembled a balloon, but much larger, to some witnesses. It resembled a helicopter, to others. It was observed for some 6-8 minutes, and disappeared after changing direction, but no sound was heard.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that contains only text.

Information Only: Saucer: America's UFO Comittee Review, Vol I, No 2, Sep 64

MISSOURI VISIT.
22 July 1964

On: Apparently Sgt. G, who was a teacher and a radio technician, had been having sighting experiences of a high-flying UFO. One night, in April 1964, while at home in the Bronx, New York, he observed a brilliant light approach his residence. His wife also saw the object, which hovered for a brief period and then shot off at a tremendous speed. Sgt. G took several photographs, which unfortunately did not turn out.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a report titled "Moorland sighting" that describes a sighting that occurred on July 25th.

Moorland sighting  
This letter was printed in the British Plane Spotter on Sept. 12, 1963. Returning from holiday about 1 a.m. on Tuesday, July 7th, 1964, my wife and I were driving along Moorland Drive, Vespasian Park, Uding-bornc (near Bournemouth), Dorset. As we approached a point about 1/2 mile from our home, we thought it was a plane at first but as it drew nearer we knew it was not a plane. It was a "glowing" object with lights that seemed to shine from within. It had about four on the body. The whole thing took place on the minute. Between the time it first appeared and the time it had gone it could not have been more than about 3 minutes. I am now convinced that what we saw was a flying saucer.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document from Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's historical program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

Dear Major Quintanilla,
As requested, I am forwarding this report for your consideration. The writer, whom I have interviewed, appears to be reporting a sighting of some significance.
Sir:
A private your investigation as soon as possible for two reasons: 1) the writer appears to be describing some experience which he feels is of sufficient importance to warrant serious investigation, and 2) I believe the matter should be handled as speedily and discreetly as possible in order to avoid unnecessary publicity or embarrassment to the writer. From the nature of the report, I anticipate that the writer may be apprehensive about the reception his report will receive, and I would not want any unintended consequences to result from an undue delay in processing this case.
I will be happy to provide any additional information or assistance you may require. Please let me know if you have any other questions.
Sincerely,

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, containing handwritten text.

Sincerely,
Henrietta D. 2858

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memorandum for the Director of Legislative Liaison, USAF, regarding an unidentified flying object. The text in the document is as follows:

MEMORANDUM FOR DIRECTOR OF LEGISLATIVE LIAISON, SAF-LL
ATTENTION: COLONEL POE, SAF-LL
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects
Attached is a draft of reply to letter from Miss Sylvia Constance on the subject of an object and sighting in the sky over New York, 25 July 1964.

JESSE G. STAIR
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Public Information Division
Office of Information

2 Attachments:
1. Draft of reply
2. Basic cover

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, discussing a UFO observation that occurred on 25 July 1966 in Yanceyville, North Carolina.

Text from the document:

TDST/UFO
UFO Observation 25 July 1966, Yanceyville, North Carolina

Granville View Apartments 
Granville, North Carolina 27334

1. Reference your letter of 29 December 1966 regarding your most unusual observation. The attached photos were looked for the past few months, but is the opportunity we have that so requested, though such correspondence arises and makes this somewhat difficult.

2. We have studied the submitted information and have found no plausible explanation for your observation. There seems to be reliable witnesses, Patterson AFB. Your case is being carried in Air Force files as UNIDENTIFIED.

3. The Air Force would appreciate your forwarding the original photographs in order that we may perform a photo analysis on your photograph of an unidentified flying object. It will be returned. The following camera data is necessary in attempting to make an evaluation:

a. Type and make of camera.
b. Type, focal length, and make of lens.
c. Brand and type of film. 
d. Shutter speed used.
e. Lens opening used; that is, "f" stop.
f. Filters used.
g. Was tripod or solid stand used.
h. Was "panning" used.

- page 13 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

1. Exact direction camera was pointing with relation to true north at the sight with regard to the ground.

2. If supplemental information is unobtainable, the minimum camera data required are the type of camera, and the smallest and largest "F" stop and shutter speed readings of the camera.

3. Request you complete the attached AFD Form 14, on your latest UFO observation, and return it is the envelope provided.

JAMES C. MARATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document containing text.

Salisbury, N. C.
25 July 1954

Information Only
Project Engineer UFO Committees Review, Vol 1, No 2, Pg 64

This is the sighting of this small craft. It was about 20 feet in diameter and in looking at it he said it was lifted off the ground 15 or 20 feet and hovered there for a few minutes. The craft then took off at a high rate of speed.

- page 15 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, with text describing an incident that occurred on July 25-26, 1964 in Hamilton, New Jersey. The text states that the observer reported seeing an object with green and red lights.

Information Only
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 6th 
Hamilton, N.J.
25-26 July 1964.
July 25-26, Hamilton, N.J. Police officer stated he and co-workers observed an object with green and red lights. The reported that the object hovered for some time before departing in a northerly direction.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text that describes two sightings of unidentified aerial objects (or "UFOs") over New York City on July 25th and July 30th, 1964.

The text reads:

This is in response to your recent inquiry to the President concerning an object you and your friends observed in the sky over New York City on recent evenings. The President has asked that I reply to your inquiry.

What you undoubtedly observed was the passage of ECHO II. This satellite appeared at 9:29 p.m., EDT, on July 25th, east of New York City, 609 above the horizon, moving northeast. On July 30th, ECHO II appeared at 9:33 p.m., EDT, north of the city, 589 above the horizon, moving northeast.

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, likely from 1964. The text in the document is as follows:

SAFLL/P-25/6/77-6/7/13 AUG 64
SPECIAL: 500-155
UFO

Dear Miss _____,

This is in response to your letter to the President concerning an object you and your friends recently observed.

We regret that we are unable to give you a more definitive explanation concerning this incident. The instructions have asked that I reply to your inquiry.

We believe that you very likely observed the passage of Satellite 1958 ALPHA 1 on July 29, 1964, as it appeared in the New York City area. This satellite is known as ECHO I and was launched on August 12, 1960 and orbits the earth at an altitude of about 630 miles above the surface.

Your interest in this matter is understood.

6 Aug Read SAFLL and A/O Sincerely,
6 Aug Noted SAPOTS 
10 Aug Memo for SAFOI
11 Aug Typed GAFLL
13 Aug E/L preps/mailed based on above

COORD
CDRK-CIA
LEEK
TEIN A. LANG, JR.
Administrative Assistant - SAFOI

BRONX, NEW YORK 10457

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a memorandum for the Director of Legislative Liaison, SAFO, regarding a letter to Mr. Lang on the subject of satellite observations. Attached to the memorandum is a draft of a reply to Miss Sylvia Englander, who has requested information on satellite passage over the New York City area.

MEMORANDUM FOR DIRECTOR OF LEGISLATIVE LIAISON, SAFUS
ATTENTION: COLONEL 1954. CAP-LRL

SUBJECT: Letter to Mr. Lang on the subject of Satellite Observations

Attached is a draft of reply to Miss Sylvia Englander, who has requested information on satellite passage over the New York City area from Mr. Lang.

J. JESSE E. GRAY
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Public Information Division
Office of Information

1. Draft of reply
2. Basic cover

- page 19 -

This document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter regarding observations of a possible flying object referred to as "Ecno II" over the New York City area during the summer of 1964.

DHA PTT/347-OIPS/Hclallass//75630/25AUG64

Dear Miss -----,

This is in reply to your letter of August 13, 1964, with further reference to your observation of several satellites during the past weeks.

From the information in your letter, we have determined that you observed Ecno II on several occasions, with the possible exception of August 5th when the time listed was 9:05 p.m., and our records indicate passage of Ecno II at approximately 9:13 p.m. It may be that you observed a high-flying aircraft on that evening, although Ecno II was west of New York City that night.

Ecno II will be seen in the early morning hours over New York; however, Ecno I may be seen passing over your area between the hours of 9 p.m. and 10 p.m. during the next week.

Sincerely,

- page 20 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

CASE: lz/fz/7761/28 aug 64
52-52-33,0342
UFO

This letter is in reply to your letter of August 12, 1964, which further referred to your observation of several unidentified flying objects during the evening of August 29, 1964.

From the information in your letter, we have determined that you observed some unidentified flying objects that evening as previously mentioned. The possible solution to your observation does not seem to be evident and, therefore, needs further investigation.

Based on your detailed description of the objects, which you indicated appeared to be approximately 9:15 p.m. to 9:47 p.m. and which you observed from your home in New York City, that light, which has been previously sighted in this area during July 26th, July 30th, and July 31st, it was noted to be north of your position.

For the next few days, radio IF will be seen in the early morning hours over New York; however, who I may be can not be determined at this time between the house of 2 and 4 a.m.

20 Aug - Rcd SAPL from Singcqrly.
23 Aug - Got Sinokated based on memo from SAOT

BENJAMIN W. FRUCI
Special Assistant for Manpower,
Personnel & Reserve Forces

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program, specifically a page from the "Information Card" section.

Information Card: 
Source: Southern UFO Condition Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64
City: Bay City, Michigan
Date: 15 July 1964

The text states that on July 15, a Bay City, Michigan woman reported sighting a pearl-shaped UFO which was orange in color. Her husband also saw the UFO. The sighting took place Saturday night and again early on July 15th.

- page 22 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely related to Project Blue Book and a UFO sighting.

Information Only
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64

July 22: Seattle, Washington: A brilliant lighted up Seattle and flashes away as exposed. It was faster than a spokesman.

- page 23 -

