Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
20 July 64     20/0945J
                29/0002

2. LOCATION
Clinton, Iowa - Littleton, Illinois

3. SOURCE
Civilian, Military

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
60 Sec 45 Sec - 1 Min.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
NNW

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

10. CONCLUSION
UNIDENTIFIED

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
1. Strange fiery object observed in SSE for 45 sec-1 minute. Unusual light estimated at 7,000 ft. Apex of light with most intense portion at top fanning out as bottom. No object observed only light. Direction of apex to NNW and object only appeared to be moving in that direction.

2. Observer driving eastward and obj set believed to be one mile away rose up in front of car. Shadowy cone shaped object. With rise getting out of the bottom. Thought that the obj. was rocket powered with flame too rich because the space coming from the bottom. Flames were reddish-purple. Object climbed to 1,500 ft coming toward the observer. Levelled off at this altitude. Made sharp loop and climbed to 3,500 ft and headed East. Sparks turned blush yellow object headed East and disappeared in a second or two. Shaped like ice cream cone upside down. 60 ft in diameter.

FORM
FTDP SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

ILLINOIS HEADQUARTERS
SELECTIVE SERVICE SYSTEM
405 EAST WASHINGTON STREET
SPRINGFIELD, ILLINOIS 62701

22 July 1964

Major R. P. Casalaspro
Commander
237rd Selective Service Squadron
Bolling Air Force Base, D. C.

Dear Major Casalaspro:

If you think it appropriate I wonder if you would be kind enough to forward the attached report of a "flying saucer" to the Air Force office which is concerned with such phenomena.

Mr. [redacted], who submits this report, is a GS 3 file clerk employed at this Headquarters for the past two years. He was honorably discharged from the Army after more than three years service in World War II. He is 54 years of age.

Mr. [redacted] is generally regarded at this Headquarters as a completely honest and reliable person. For this reason we consider it advisable to make his report available to the Air Force.

This office as well as Mr. [redacted] would be most interested in knowing whether it develops that there is some explanation for the phenomenon.

Sincerely yours,
FOR THE STATE DIRECTOR

F. B. WOODWORTH
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Deputy State Director

Enclosure


- page 2 -

The text I can discern on this page is:

"upward"
"proj 8"
"army"

These words are faintly written and appear to be hand-drawn or sketched on what seems to be a light-colored document page. The text is very light and somewhat difficult to read clearly.


- page 4 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TNCEW
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting

TO: Hq USAF SAFOI P3 (Mrs. Gaiser)

We have received an unidentified flying object report from Joseph Hixson. His initial report did not contain sufficient information for an evaluation. It is suggested that an FTD Form 164 be forward-ed to Mr. [redacted] for completion and returned to us.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

1 Atch
ltr

[Bottom of page has an atomic symbol and text reading: "YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!"]


- page 5 -

August 17, 1964

Dear Mr. [redacted]

This is in response to your letter of July 22, 1964, in which you reported observing an unusual object in the Littleton, Illinois area.

Since your report of the sighting did not contain sufficient information to enable our investigators to make an evaluation, we are enclosing a Form 164 J. Air Force Technical Information sheet with a request that you complete the questions in as much detail as possible and return it to this office for a supplementary investigation.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
c/o Illinois Headquarters
Selective Service System
405 East Washington Street
Springfield, Ill. 62701


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
20      July      1964
Day     Month     Year

2. Time of day: ______ 15 _______
             Hour    Minutes
(Circle One):  ( A.M.) or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern         (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Central                     b. Standard
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other _________

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
                Littleton                 Illinois
        Nearest Postal Address           City or Town        State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)           60
                                 Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain         b. Fairly certain         c. Not very sure
                                 (4. Just a guess)

5.1 How was time in sight determined?

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes _____   No  X

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                             NIGHT
a. Bright                       a. Bright/Dawn
b. Cloudy                       b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
             b. In back of you       e. Overhead
             c. To your right        f. Don't remember

FTD      FORM
OCR 52 154    This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, who did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or drizzling
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   (No)   Don't know
Yes   (No)   Don't know
Yes   (No)   Don't know
Yes   (No)   Don't know
Yes   (No)   Don't know
Yes   (No)   Don't know
Yes   (No)   Don't know
Yes   (No)   Don't know


- page 8 -

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
7 January 1965

Major Hector Quintanilla
Aerial Technology Division
Box 5637
Wright-Patterson Field
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

On December 21 both Bill Powers and I talked with Mr. [redacted] who is the chap who reported the sighting at Littleton, Illinois on 20 July 1964, after two years' silence. One general within Iowa or one in Clinton, Iowa. I would like to talk to the chap who made the Clinton sighting but he is firman First Class Lowell E. Buffett, 122043, USAF, and the way Air Force people are still around these is like chasing ghosts. I can do no better without considerable chasing. If it is possible, however, I would like to do so.

Coming now to Winkle: the phone conversation was a long one because he has a meticulous, clerk-type mind, very attentive to detail. Even by deliberate trying to throw him off, making a small misstatement, he would pick it up and tell us in detail and tell us just why we were wrong. I'm afraid we talked to him for about forty-five minutes which is outrageous, not that I think of it.

Here are some points which came out of the conversation, and I'll give them just as I saw them. On paper, Mr. of all, his story holds together, and he gave no indication from manner of conversation of being a crackpot. Rather pedestrian, as a matter of fact, and hardly one to be accused of too much imagination.

He said the flame he saw was concentrated similar to that you get when you focus a flame on an acetylene torch. The object came up from very rough terrain, as much he said that it would take a while to find where it came from. There was no noise. It was a clear night with stars out to no moon. After his sighting, he went home, got a map to locate more nearby places and an airplane was not anywhere in line from which a rocket might have been launched. Apparently there was not.

Winkle did not know, had not heard, of the independent sighting near Clinton, Iowa. His impression of his sighting was that it was a secret device. Well, he said it could have been an ordinary jet, he said after a few well I have seen a complete circle of fire whereas were no red flashes of light, coming out the object and then actually falling away, not like a jet spewing out.


- page 9 -

This appears to be a detailed road map or county map, likely of Iowa, with numerous grid lines, roads, and county boundaries. The map is in black and white and shows a complex network of roads and county lines. At the top right corner, there is a partially visible stamp or label that says "Aetna" and another stamp or marking. The map is densely populated with small text indicating various locations, but due to the image resolution, most of the specific text is too small to read clearly.


- page 10 -

Here is the text I can extract from the document:

Enjoy Trip...

Dealers displaying this sign are well acquainted with their areas and are qualified to give you accurate, on-the-spot information with a good place to eat and sleep, local points of interest, road conditions, and other helpful suggestions to add to the pleasure of your trip.

How to find between towns or cities in this trail:
Find start point. Trace direct line to destination. Note intersection points. Estimate distance by comparing straight line with scale of miles at bottom of map. Two cities: For example, the distance between Chicago and Springfield, Illinois.

The text is accompanied by a road map of what appears to be part of the Midwestern United States, with various cities, roads, and a grid system for calculating distances.


- page 11 -

This image appears to be a detailed road map of the Chicago area and surrounding regions in northeastern Illinois. The map shows county boundaries, cities, and road networks. Some visible city names include:

- Chicago
- Chicago Gary
- Kenosha
- Waukegan
- Aurora
- Kankakee

The map has a compass rose indicating cardinal directions and appears to be a black and white printed map with grid lines and detailed road networks. There is a legend on the right side of the map, though the text is too small to read clearly in this image.

The map is divided into sections labeled with letters (A, B, C, D) on the bottom margin and numbers (5, 6, 7, 8) on the top margin, which likely help with navigation and referencing specific areas.


- page 12 -

This image appears to be a detailed map of what seems to be a region in Illinois, showing numerous county or township boundaries. Some legible city/town names include:

Bloomington
Champaign
Urbana
Decatur
Terre Haute (at the bottom right)

The map is divided into grid sections marked with letters from A to G on the sides. The map shows a dense network of roads, county lines, and geographical divisions. The image is a black and white scanned document with a somewhat grainy, vintage appearance typical of mid-20th century maps.


- page 13 -

This image appears to be a detailed road map of what seems to be a region in Iowa. The map shows numerous county and township boundaries, roads, and several city or town names. Some legible city names include:

- Hale Route
- Lynnville
- Clinton (partially visible)

The map is black and white and contains a grid-like structure with many small subdivisions, roads, and connecting lines. The text is small and somewhat difficult to read in its entirety due to the image resolution and complexity of the map.


- page 14 -

This image appears to be a detailed road map of a region, likely in Iowa or surrounding states. The map shows numerous county boundaries, roads, and small towns. Some legible town names include:

- Paducah
- Keokuk
- Montrose
- Nauvoo
- Carthage
- Warsaw

The map is divided into numbered sections (5, 6, 7, 8) along the bottom margin. There is also a small stamp or seal in the bottom right corner of the map. The map appears to be a black and white or grayscale document with intricate road and boundary lines.


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Witnesses were just as those described in his letter, and he said that just before
it departed up, its flames narrowed to about one-third of their former size and
became a purplish green. There was about one-quarter the size of the moon. He
said it was much like an acetylene torch, with first being yellowish and then when
adjusted yet purplish green.

Had it continue in its original course, it would have passed blue, but it made a
turn upward in the air.

Witness exhibited a love of detail and was very careful in statements. He was also
very uneasy about the call at first. Apparently he was afraid that this was some
newspaper gag.

There was trace of ground fog, about as high as a car.

Although the Clinton, Iowa sighting seems similar, without further talk with
Huffer to establish it, we should definitely not assume that they saw the same
thing. Likewise, this also cannot be ruled out. It's a most startling coincidence
too near to have similar significance near Clinton or so miles apart in space.

So much for that one. We have an official report on the Hoyer, New York
case of April 11, 1964. This was the very strange smoke trail one which is
unexpectedly close to the French cigar cases. On the other hand, it might
have been some sort of aerial gunnery going on. Any evidence for this will
continue in my next.

Cordially,

[Signature redacted]

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page, partially illegible]


- page 16 -

DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY
DIVISION OF STATE POLICE
OFFICE MEMORANDUM

To: Major Thomas L. O'Connor - Civil Defense

From: Captain R. H. Cramer - District # 1

Date: July 21, 1964

Subject: SIGHTING OF "FIERY OBJECT" IN SKY

I am forwarding herewith, self-explanatory memos on the above mentioned subject matter.

Kindly handle as you see fit.

R&C/RER/vs


- page 17 -

DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY
DIVISION OF STATE POLICE
OFFICE MEMORANDUM

To: Lieut. William Moher #51

From: Cpl. Raymond E. Tolbert #307

Date: 20 July 1964

SUBJECT: Report of Sighting Fiery Object in Sky -
Written Report of ALC Lowell F. BUFFET, USAF.

At approximately 7:00 AM July 20, 1964 I was advised by radio to proceed to the scale house at Jct. U.S. 30 & U.S. 51 and contact a subject there who wanted to report something to a police officer.

Upon arrival I talked to a Lowell F. Buffett, ALC of the U.S. Airforce and he told me about a strange fiery object he observed in the sky in the vicinity of Morrison, Ill at about 5:00 AM and gave me a written report of same and asked that I forward the report to the Civil Defense Authorities.

Please find enclosed the written report to be forwarded to the appropriate authorities.

R. R. Tolbert,
Corporal #307.


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

PERMANENT CHANGE OF STATION ORDER - MILITARY

[Various fields filled out with military personnel information, including:]

NAME: BUFFET, LOWELL P.
SERVICE NUMBER: AF17238L34
CURRENT UNIT: 2034 Comm Sq. (AFCS), Mather AFB, Calif.
NEW UNIT: 1995 Comm Sq. (AFCS), APO 937, Seattle, Wash

REPORT TO COMMAND NEW ASSIGN: 25 Aug 1964
REPORT AT NEW ASSIGNMENT: NLT AFTER DEPARTURE FROM CONUS PORT OF ENTRY UNIT

TRAVEL ADDRESS: TR #1, West Branch, N.J.

REPORTING UNIT: 1995 Comm Sq., APO 937, Seattle, Wash

AUTHORITY: Line no HN1896. This is PCS ACCOMP-DEPEND move.

DATE: 2 Jul 64

[The document appears to be a military permanent change of station order for an individual named Lowell P. Buffet, transferring from Mather AFB in California to a unit in Seattle, Washington.]


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

Member has selected the "All Others" tour. Travel of dependents and transportation of household goods to the overseas area during the assignment of sponsor to the station covered by these orders is prohibited. Travel of dependents and transportation of household goods to a designated location under the provisions of paragraphs 7005 and 8253, JTR is authorized. Transportation from such designated location is authorized only upon reassignment of the member to a new duty station.

Aircraft light in ESE sky approx 1000 ft.

at 0500, 26th July 1964 by diamond shaped

on reverse side

I was on US Highway 30, 7 1/2 mi.

west of Clinton, Iowa, traveling East

Description as follows:

MOST INTENSE ---- APEX

No definite object
was seen. Only the
light ray

I stopped & cut off engine to check car

sound, & could hear NONE

ITS direction of travel was N.W.D.

appeared to be traveling in same direction

able 15 sec. to 1 min the light faded out

traveled all of height, 125 w 329

USAF


- page 20 -

Lcr, 2273d Selective Service Squadron (SSM), Unidentified Flying
Object, 27 July 1964

1st Ind (MXLII)                                          3 AUG 1964

Hq MACS, Scott AFB, Ill

TO:    AFSC (FTD)
        Wright-Patterson AFB Ohio

The attached report of a sighting of an unidentified Flying
Object is forwarded in accordance with paragraph 13, AFR
200-2a, 30 March 1964.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JOHN A.C. ANDREWS, Colonel, USAF
Director of Intelligence
DCS/Plans

1 Atch
n/c

Copy to:
Lt Col F. B. Woodworth


- page 21 -

2730 SELECTIVE SERVICE SQUADRON
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
BOLLING AFB, DC 20332

                                                                27 JUL 1967

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: PGY

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

TO: WGDS
        Scott AFB, Illinois

The attached correspondence is forwarded under provisions of AFR 200-2.
The correspondence was inadvertently sent to this unit.

R.P. Clevelands
R.P. CLEVELANDS
Major, USAF
Commander

1 Atch
Lt, 22 Jul 67, 111 56 Fq GSS w/atch

cy to: Lt Col W. B. Woodworth


- page 22 -

