PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 30 October 64 30/0800Z
2. LOCATION: Beavercreek, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Stationary
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: MOON DOG

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Object appearing as a light color of rainbow. Bright night, stars visible. Fuzzy. Stationary, changed in brightness, flashed or flickered. Some fog. Did not observe disappearance.

Unable to determine direction of sighting. Estimated elevation 20 deg. Did not find anything while under observation.

COMMENTS: Stationary light like rainbow in sky for 15 minutes. Observer did not see light disappear. No definite direction below horizon in East. Paraselene occurring at 22 deg when the moon is at the horizon. Possible that this phenomena or a mock moon was the cause of the report. Moon 0100 20 Oct. Right ascension 10h 29.4m. Declination plus 14; 38.02.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS
25 November 1964

Sergeant David Moody
Foreign Technology Division
Box 9494
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Dave:

Thanks for your letter of November 19. I've looked over the October cases, and I must say that I have never seen a more ordinary or prosaic bunch of cases for a long while. The Beaver Creek sighting is almost certainly what you say it is, and although we don't have proof, I would classify that dog explanation fits all the limited data we have. I would classify that as possibly moondogs, or even more strongly, probably moondogs.

Now that you have the Echo schedules, you can be more positive about satellite identification. Incidentally, I have just been invited to teach at Harvard next summer, and so I will be very close to the source of supply of Echo predictions, and I can make sure that they keep flowing.

I would like to get more data on the Brynfield, Massachusetts, 28 October, 54 case. It might be worth a phone call, on my part, but in the meantime, would it be a good idea to send her a questionnaire form, just to see what happens.

The same thing goes for the Fort Jonesis-Mt. Shasta, 30 October 54 case. This observer might turn out to be reliable. After all, aren't all pilots reliable??

Also, could I see the original data for the 1 October, Hillsboro, Oregon case, the 25 October, Oakwood, Ohio case, and the 24 October, Atlantic case, or have you classified these as super-secret?

What about Major Q's plans for coming to Chicago in December? My classes are over on Friday the 11th so I will be free the week of the 14th with the exception of one short exam I have to give. If you and the Major can't make it to Chicago, then it might be a good time for me to take a visit since I have not been able to take one this month. On the other hand, there is no point in making a visit unless there is some business to extend to, but there usually is. I may be dropping by Columbus the next time I come to Dayton to check a few things with the Dean there.

In the meantime, have a very good Thanksgiving, and, as the Major always says, "Keep in touch."

Cordially,
Allen

JAH:krf


- page 2 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be extremely faint and illegible. While there is a document page visible, the text and details are not discernible due to the poor quality of the scan or the original document. No readable text can be extracted from this image.


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
30    OCT    64
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 0102
             Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M.    or    P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address is partially illegible]

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    Hours    Minutes    Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure
                    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright            a. Bright
b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. in front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
doesn't know

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter then the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
nothing like it

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: ________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound     None
b. Color     more like a rainbow

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
unable TO determine

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
N/A


- page 6 -

27. In the following sketch, Imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

N/A

[The image also contains a compass rose with the text "unable to orient" and a diagram showing angular measurements from 0° to 90°]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ________________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other ____________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
Unable


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Never

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Beavercreek, Ohio

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] City: [redacted] Zone: Ohio State: Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]   AGE: 30   SEX: M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
have seen satellites

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
30   Oct   64
Day   Month   Year   FTD


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   30   OCT   64
                                            Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

None


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Parameter                                                                   142

the screen itself, or by other thermometers placed in the screen. Errors of
parallax in reading a rain measure are also important, and they occur
whenever an observer places his eye either above or below the level of the
water surface in the rain gauge.

    Parameter.—A quantity related to one or more variables in such a way
that it remains constant for any period of values of variable at the variable or
variables, e. g. in STATISTICS, MEAN, STANDARD DEVIATION.

    Paranthelia.—A mock sun at the same elevation as the sun and in an
azimuth greater than 20° from the sun may be called a paranthelia. White
paranthelia at 120° from the sun are fairly common.

    Paraselenae or mock moons, analogous to mock suns, have been observed
occasionally. No measurements are available but it may be presumed that
mock moons will be at the same elevation as the moon and that the angular
distance will vary like that between sun and mock sun, being 22° when the
mock moon is near the horizon and 2° when the luminosity is less.

    Parhelion.—Images of the sun, coloured or white. The mock suns are
most frequently seen at the same elevation as the sun, and are located
red nearest the sun. When the sun is near the horizon the distance is equal
to the radius of the ordinary halo, i.e. 22°. When the sun is higher the
distance is less. The most common form is a bright mock sun or mock
sun in outside the halo. White mock suns are to be seen in the shrouds
120° from the sun. Bright patches of light are sometimes seen at an angle
or 22° at the points of contact of the tangent arcs, are sometimes referred
to as mock suns

    Periodicity.—A period of five days means are frequently used in
meteorological work and are days from the last such division (unity) of the
calendar, usually the last day of the month.

    Percolation.—The downward passage of surface water through the soil.
Part of the rain which falls on the land surface re-evaporates, part runs off
into streams and rivers to the sea, while part percolates through the soil.
Measurements of the amount of rain water which percolates through certain
types of soil have been published. The amount varies with the character of
usually the gauge consists of a cubic yard of natural earth inserted in a
metal container and sunk in the hole formed by removing this earth. The
percolation is measured by the amount of water which is drained off daily.
9th. access to the receiver being obtained by means of a trap door at the
side of the gauge. The results are usually published as a depth in hundredths
or thousands of an inch of water. See EVAPORATION.

    Periodical.—Recurring at regular intervals, like the position of the bob
of a pendulum. The most obvious periodical variations in the atmosphere
place are associated with the alternations of night and day, and the alternation
of winter and summer, corresponding respectively, with the day and the
year. Strictly speaking a variation is not to be called periodical unless the
interval between successive maxima and maxima remains constant, and
to the same extent. Meteorological variations show a great irregularity in
the interval between successive maxima or minima varies from about 8 years
to about 16 years.

    Periodicity.—A periodical variation. A vast amount of labour has been
devoted by meteorologists to the search for periodical variations other than
those of day and night and the seasons. Many ingenious methods have been
other of the work, of the methods of HARMONIC ANALYSIS. It is thus implied
that a periodicity is normally treated, shall be at least approximately a
sine curve. A periodicity requires for its complete determination the length
of the period, the amplitude (i.e. half the total range) of the variation, and

the time of occurrence of the n
in forecasting, the square of its
of the square of the standard r.

    Periodogram.—A diagram us
investigation of hidden period
variations from day to day or
usually the evidence of any p
of 12 or 13 years. The periods
are thus marked by apparently
trial periods T, and evaluating t
of the periodogram. The method
obtained shows a number of pe
of the curve. The values of 7
to be the most likely periods.
of and 7 rather than 6 and 7,
method of HARMONIC ANALYSIS
with standard deviation σ, the
σ²/T(σ — 1). Schuster has shown
of 12 should exceed a limit 4σ²/T
requires considerable care.

    Persistence.—In meteorology
same type to continue over a lo
pendent of the weather. The st
the persistence of wet or fine we
through which similar conditions
after one day without rain, the 1
5 to 7 days after ten successive
days. Similarly, after one rainy
ten successive rain-days it is 7¹

    Personal Equation.—An exp
mind of an observer which affe
consequence of an unconscious t
low. The tendency is usually n
a given instrument. A familiar
The observer is directed to hol
pendulum at a definite point. T
is correctly secured. Some obser
in readings which are too low, o

    Phenology.—The study of t
all natural phenomena are inclu
migration of animals, the leafin
the time at which certain trees a
each year, and to the dates of
leaves.

    A phenological report is publ
Society, in which the phenologic
all over the British Isles are br
years under review.

    United States Weather Bureau,
various made in the eastern Un
gives the average dates of the fi
rate of four days for each degree
400 ft. of altitude. The law ap
Isles in so far as changes of latit


- page 11 -

