PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
Summer 1964 (Night)

2. LOCATION
Willingboro, New Jersey

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
IMAGINATION

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
During the early morning hours a luminous something floated across the yard. Not very high up. Appeared shaped like a time glowing with luminous light. No sound. Observed through door from inside house.

Witness 70 years old. Reported object about one year after sighting. Believes that UFO's exist. Sighting at night when lighting could be physiological or psychological manifestation on part of witness. Case too old to investigate and little could be added. Duration omitted as well as manner of disappearance. Sighting regarded as possible imagination of the witness.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Floating

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

FORM
FID SEP 83 0-327 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Mrs Hunt/man/SAPOIC/7824/6 Aug 65

AUG -9 1965

Dear Mrs. ■■■■■■■

The Air Force does not disregard any reports officially submitted to them for evaluation. The phenomena which you observed last summer is puzzling. Had the sighting been reported to the Air Force at that time, an investigation would have been made. However, at this late date it is not feasible to attempt an investigation toward an identification of the object you observed.

Regarding the articles from the Philadelphia Inquirer which you enclosed in your letter, a copy of an AP release stating the cause for the stoppage of electromagnetic clocks is attached.

The balloon observed over Portugal and the Azores was probably launched by NCAR from India.

The phenomena observed in the Antarctic was a possible refraction of an astronomical body. This evaluation was made by Hugo Morland of an astronomical observatory in Chile. These observations have not been officially reported to the United States Air Force.

The alleged incident in the article by ■■■■■■■■ was not reported to the Air Force.

The attached report on Project Blue Book represents the Air Force position on the UFO program to date.

Sincerely,
COORDINATED By (Office Symbol, Name, Grade, Date)
SAFOIC                SAFOIC
CG                    C

JOHN P. SPAULDING
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

2 Atch
1. Press release
2. Blue Book Report

Mrs. ■■■■■■■
Willingboro, New Jersey


- page 2 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDBM                                                 JUL 21 1965

SUBJECT: Request For UFO Information, Etc

TO: HQ USAF SAFOI/CC (Mrs Hunt)
    Wash, D C 20330

Reference the attached letter with newsclippings from Mrs requesting information on unidentified flying objects. The following is a suggested reply:

a. Dear Mrs:

The Air Force does not disregard any reports officially submitted to them for evaluation. The phenomena which you observed last summer is very puzzling. Had the sighting been reported to the Air Force at that time an investigation would have been made. However, at this late date it is not feasible to attempt an investigation toward a solution of your observation.

Regarding the articles from the Philadelphia Inquirer - A copy of an AP release stating the cause for the stoppage of a circumgantia clouds was attached. The balloon observed over Portugal and the Azores was probably launched by NASA from India. The phenomena observed in the Antarctic was a possible reflection of an astronomical body. This evaluation was made by Hugo Morlando of an astronomical observation. These observations have not been officially reported to the United States Air Force. The alleged incident in the article by John P Corr was not reported to the Air Force.

The attached brochure represents the Air Force conduct of the UFO program to date.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC J de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

2 Atchs
1. Ltr fr Mrs dtd 14 Jul 65, w/c newsclippings
2. AP Release


- page 3 -

Willingboro, N.J.
July 14-65

Air Force
U.F.C. Dept.
Washington 25 D.C.

To whom it may concern: I want to say first of all that I do not understand why the Air Force continually disregards reports as sighting unidentified objects whatever they may be.

I was startled to read the article by John Caro on the front page of the Philadelphia Inquirer recently.

I have a cat who refuses to come in at a reasonable hour at night but in the middle of the night she gets up and see my window sill and scratches at the screen until I have to get up and let her in or she will keep it up until I do. Last night I got up to let her in and as I stood at the dark walking for her a luminous something - I don't know what to call it - was finding disgustedly across the yard. It was not up so very high and slanted.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

to be circular like a huge disc, the
thing glancing with a luminous light.
There seemed to be no sound from it,
from which I stand in the door I could
not see what was reported the case, -
a sort of object, and antennae.
I got a night eye brow when I described
it to my son and some of my friends that
I knew what I saw was what I do not
know what the object was.
I am nearly year old and never before
or since have seen anything like it.
I suppose you people in the air force
will only it was a "natural phenomena".

Yours very truly,
[signature redacted]


- page 5 -

