PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
9 May 64

2. LOCATION
Huntsville, Alabama

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT 10/0430Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
8 - 10 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
three

9. COURSE
north

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Sharply outlined objs, red, like landing lights of a/c, moved from behind a cloud. Three lights visible between observer and mountain background. Low in West. Believed to be less than a half-mile away. Motion to North. Thought objects to be landing lights of a/c.

11. COMMENTS
Data presented in FTD Form 164 in conflict with data presented in letter confusing reports. Possible a/c sighting, possible balloon observation and almost anything else, case carried as conflicting data.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other: Conflicting data
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 320 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?  about 25 m.p.h.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?  less than 1/2 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South           g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest       h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No        e. Binoculars      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No        f. Telescope       Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No        g. Theodolite      Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No        h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
airplane coupling lights


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ______
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document contains a compass rose diagram and three sketching areas for documenting UFO sightings, with instructions for marking object positions, heights, and movements.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
yes. In 1963 around 12:00 or 1:00 I was sitting on the porch near center & bright white light appeared in the sky. It seemed to go forward backward slow

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their name and address:
[Redacted/blacked out]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted/blacked out]
ADDRESS [Redacted/blacked out] Huntsville Alabama
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted/blacked out] AGE 14 SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
[Blank]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
24 March 1964
Special Blue Book US Air Force


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    22   June   1964
    Day     Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not otherwise covered in the questionnaire or narrative explanation of your sighting:

You have my permission to use my name in any issue concerning this occurrence.


- page 5 -

DEPT. of UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
PENTAGON BUILDING         c/o U.S. ARMY
WASHINGTON
D.C.

DEAR SIRS,

I RELIZE THAT you have many
LETTERS of this sort every day, but I THINK
THINGS of this sort SHOULD be KNOWN.

ON THE NIGHT of MAY 9, I WAS STAND-
ing on my porch when I saw a cluster of
RED LIGHTS moving very slowly over my neighbor-
hood. I ran for a pair of binoculars and looked
at them. WHAT I SAW WAS 3 round shapes moving
toward a cigar shaped-pocket like thing. I did
not see the cigar shaped-this until but I saw
the three red shapes. When I RELIZE what
I SAW I wondered IF I SHOULD REPORT this. ANY
WAY, the cigar ship intercepted the red lights.
The whole thing took place in the course
of ABOUT 15 MINUTES. THE cigar ship shot upward
as soon as the red shaped lights had went
in. I will try to copy what I SAW on a piece
of PAPER.

THANK YOU,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

HUNTSVILLE, ALA.

SA F61

AIR MAIL

DEPT. OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
PENTAGON BUILDING c/o U.S. ARMY
WASHINGTON,
D.C.

The document appears to be an envelope or letter addressed to the Department of Unidentified Flying Objects at the Pentagon, with a postmark from Huntsville, Alabama dated May 11, 1964.


- page 7 -

Text found in the image:

Lights

Cigarship

The image appears to be a hand-drawn diagram showing wavy lines and two labeled elements: a cluster of circles labeled "Lights" and an elongated shape labeled "Cigarship" with an arrow connecting them.


- page 8 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

TDEW

UFO sighting (9May64, Huntsville, Ala)                     12 Jun 64

Hq USAF SAFOI PB (Mrs Gaiser)
Wash D C 20330

We have received a letter from [redacted], Huntsville, Alabama, reporting an unidentified flying object. It is requested that an FTD Form 164 be forwarded to him for completion with an added notation that we are particularly concerned with the motion ascribed to the object and the time of each separate movement. Also, we would like to know if the lights changed and relationship with each other throughout the sighting.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
ERIC T. JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!


- page 9 -

June 19, 1964

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

This is in response to your letter in which you reported observing an Unidentified Flying Object.

Enclosed is Form FTD 164, U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet. In it, we request that you complete this form and forward it to this headquarters in the attached envelope.

We are particularly interested in the motion described to the object and the time of each separate movement. We would also like to know if the lights changed, and what their relationship was with each other throughout the sighting.

Sincerely,

MASTON H. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Enclosure
Huntsville, Alabama


- page 10 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
   Day: May Year: 1964
   Time of day: 11:50 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

2. Time Zone: (Circle One):
   a. Eastern
   b. Central
   c. Mountain
   d. Pacific
   e. Other

   (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
               b. Standard

3. Where were you when you saw the object?
   Nearest Postal Address: Huntsville, Alabama
   City or Town: Huntsville   State or County: Alabama

4. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
   8-10 Minutes

   a. Certain
   b. Fairly certain
   c. Not very sure
   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   DAY:
   a. Bright
   b. Cloudy

   NIGHT:
   a. Bright
   b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One):
   a. In front of you
   b. In back of you
   c. To your right

   d. To your left
   e. Overhead
   f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few (dim)
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

(g) As a light
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
The objects were reddish bright as blonding light seen in a plane

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
(c.) Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, the only time it disappeared

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know, If you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: It looked to be a cloud, but after the occurrence, the cloud disappeared

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know, If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No sound
b. Color: Deep wired red

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The match head covers the object. Approximate size, maybe 20' x 30'

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch with circles, an arrow pointing to "Mountains", and notes "Cloud or object it disappeared behind" and "Objects"]


- page 13 -

