PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
14 Jun 64

2. LOCATION
Dale, Indiana

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local GMT 15/0255Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual [ ] Ground-Radar
[ ] Air-Visual [ ] Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No Phsy Evidence

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
n/a

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
n/a

9. COURSE
n/a

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
See Case File

11. COMMENTS
Investigation by Bill Powers of Northwestern University with conclusion that case was attempted hoax.

12. CONCLUSIONS
[ ] Was Balloon
[ ] Probably Balloon
[ ] Possibly Balloon
[ ] Was Aircraft
[ ] Probably Aircraft
[ ] Possibly Aircraft
[ ] Was Astronomical
[ ] Probably Astronomical
[ ] Possibly Astronomical
[X] Other: Hoax
[ ] Insufficient Data for Evaluation
[ ] Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 62)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

N.

HIGHWAY

Dale, ~ 2 mi

LIVING ROOM
TV

KITCHEN DOOR
KITCHEN

Table, Bed
Mower

Area of
witness closest
approach

50 ft

GARDEN

BARN

SIGHTING


- page 2 -

Note added after main report typed:

This sighting may have been a prank, but moving lights have been seen around the area of Indiana for some time; enclosed is some correspondence from Mrs. [redacted] relevant to this possibility. There appears to be considerable agreement all through this area ( the investigator talked, for example, with officers of the Warwick County Sheriff's department in Booneville, between Dale and Evansville) that there are balls of glowing material that move around through the air at night; indeed, one police officer told me that his grandmother often spoke of seeing them, and this was years ago, so it is certainly not a new phenomena. I see no reason to doubt that some such phenomena occurs, even though there has been no scientific investigation of it. I also see no reason to assume that the phenomena is supernatural or related to visits from outer space.

Of course I have no disproce of these other theories!

Since Mrs. [redacted] may save us a good deal of unnecessary travelling about by acting as a local "filter center", a brief note of appreciation from the Air Force may be in order.


- page 3 -

Text found in the document:

3"

4"

Burned Area
and
Indentations

North

WTP


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

"The Thing" Draws
National Attention
(Continued from page 1)

was overturned, a large can of
chicken feed was knocked from a
table and the power lawnmower
was moved ten feet. A garden hoe
came to rest close to the burned
through path. The object was
through the grass.

Wm. T. Powers, the Northwestern consultant who made the investigation for the Air Force, visited the farm Tuesday
day by phone after hearing the
news on a Chicago television
broadcast.

Tuesday morning he flew to
Evansville and rented a car for
the trip to Dale. He said he too
had considered the lightning ball
theory but it didn't fit, because
he had never heard of one rising
against it had touched the earth,
and also because there was no
explanation of the three swallow
holes in the ground forming an
around the burned spot.

Powers took a sample of the
charred area for laboratory tests
and of a normal area for comparison. A small solid particle, which
he removed from the center of the
spot and examined under a jeweler's glass, had the characteristics of a meteorite. Then again, it
could be nothing more than a
charred piece of walnut hull.

Only a laboratory test could definitely eliminate the identifiable
walnut hull.

Powers promised to notify the
Engelbrects of the test results.
The same day the Air Force investigator showed up at the farm.
He was accompanied by Charles Cass, who was a representative of
the State Representative of the National Investigation Committee of Unidentified Flying Objects, which is headed by Donald
Keyhoe. A few hours were spent on
the subject.

A member of the flying saucer
club, Cass said he and other members had investigated over 300 reports of unidentified flying objects in the Kokomo area in recent months, and
that he was asked to come here by
the Indianapolis Civil Defense director. He is a firm believer that unidentified flying objects are visible from outer space, and, in his
opinion, the evidence at Engelbrect's indicated "a craft or part
of a craft flying in a magnetic
field."

After getting permission from
Engelbrect to set up a tent laboratory on the farm, Cass left.
This Tuesday night planning to
return the next day with testing
equipment and a crew of assist-


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Grace Notes
By G.M.B.

Was it a bird, or a plane, or a supernaut that mysterious object that was seen Sunday night. A member of a flying saucer club, who appeared and disappeared Tuesday, told me the inhabitants of the craft were not from this planet because a collision is imminent, and are looking us over.

"It's true we're taking minute, all we can do attract tourists," he said. "It's ridiculous.

The fact said he was going back to Martinsville—to—get laboratory equipment and would return the same night to begin a week's surveillance on these parts. At present though he left luggage at a local motel. I hear.

North American University, Scientist, W. T. Powers, who carries on investigations for the Air Force goes about his work with an open mind. He said most traced to natural causes, others cannot.

The Air Force usually receives a flood of calls in the wake of a practice reconnaissance flight and no wonder. The high speed craft streaks through the sky with a bright light pointed earthward, its cameras clicking away. Some of the earth objects are to-be-it aircraft, some are mirages, some are downright hoaxes, and some are just imagination.

The Air Force wants you to report these glowing objects, or whatever, and, contrary to popular opinion, their investigators do not assume that because you are some kind of a nut, though your best friend or next-of-kin might.

By next week, I hope to have more details, and am, Mr. Powers, to stand by.

Meanwhile, I'm going out into take a look around. Gene Bockstahler is flying his family down from Pennsylvania this weekend in his Piper cub and he's promised to take me along. The first time I was aloft was in a Wright-Brothers type airplane.

It will be another wonderful experience to add to all the other experiences I've had this week, Brother.

If you're making up to go to the World's Fair, don't let Junior drive in New York. It's illegal for a person under 15 to drive in the state of New York. You can though travel in his home state.

That's the word from a national insurance company, passed on by Bob Davis, your friendly insurance agent.

Church service listings:
Lincoln City E.U.B. Church
Sunday School, 9:30 a.m.
Worship, 10:30. Supt.
Dale Parish, Pastor.
Local conference, Monday at 7:30.
Wednesday, Choir practice at 7:30.

Dale Presbyterian Church
Worship, 10:15 a.m.
Sunday School, 9:00 a.m.
Choir, Wednesday at 7:00 pm
Youth Fellowship every first and third Sunday at 7:00 p.m.

Abraham Lincoln Chapel
Lincoln Boyhood National Memorial
Worship service will be conducted in the Chapel every Sunday morning during summer at 10:00 a.m.


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Top of document text appears to be partially cut off]

...scientist, Wm. H. Powers, who carries on investigations for the Air Force gives about his work with an open mind. He said most of the sightings reported can be traced to natural causes which he cannot.

The Air Force usually receives a flood of calls in the wake of a picture recommendation. Their staff and trained personnel scan the skies through the sky with a bright light pointed searchward, to track down these objects. Some of the eerie objects are top-secret aircraft, some are mirages, some are downright hoaxes, and some are who-knows-what.

You know, you can support these glowing objects, or vaporize, and contrary to popular belief, the Air Force does not automatically assume that you are some kind of a nut, though your best friend or next-of-kin might.

By coincidence, I hope to have a report from Mr. Powers, so stand by.

Meanwhile, I'm going out into the wild blue yonder myself to take a look around. Gene Stokesaler is flying his family down from Perrysville. His weekend guest, a pilot, has just provid- ed me a ride. The first and last time I was aloft was in a Wright-Brothers type aircraft.

It will be another wonderful experience to add to all the other wonderful experiences I've had this week. Brother.

If you're planning to go to the World's Fair, don't let Junior drive in New York. It's illegal for a person under 18 to drive in the state of New York, even though he is licensed to drive in his home state.

The way the word from a national insurance company, passed on by Bob Davis, your friendly insurance agent.

Health Education Head Visits Spencer County

Miss Hazel Steed, Director of Health Education of the Indiana Tuberculosis Association, was in Spencer County Wednesday to discuss the county's health situation.

In view of the Eradication Plan for Indiana that was presented to all counties at the recent meeting in Indianapolis, Miss Stroud explained that it was extremely important that each county make its own survey of its own problems and resources before attempting to apply the plan or any part of it to local situations.

She said, Miss Steed reviewed the tuberculin testing reports and the follow-up work that they would be in addition to the reported during the past ten years. She suggested that all these facts be prepared for the local Board of Health to consider in making their future program.

Larry Vogel, President of the local association reported.

Lincoln City E.U.B. Church
Sunday School, 9:30 a.m.
Morning Worship, 10:30.
Old Earl Murphy, pastor.
Local conference, 2nd Monday
at 7:30.
Choir Practice at 7:30.

Evening worship: Second and
Fourth Sunday nights at 7:30.

Dale Presbyterian Church
Alfred L. Perkins, minister
Sunday School, 9:00 a.m.
Worship, 10:15 a.m.
Choir, Wednesday at 7:00 p.m.
Youth Fellowship every first
and third Sunday at 7:00 p.m.

Abraham Lincoln Chapel
Worship conducted in the Chapel every Sunday morning throughout the United Church of Christ.
Dale Campers, tourists, and local residents are always welcome.

TO WED

Mr. and Mrs. Austin Ellison announce the approaching marriage of their daughter, Becky Ann, to Mr. Paul Ross Fuller of Dale. The ceremony will take place June 20 at 8:00 p.m. in the Methodist Church in Winslow, with a reception to follow in the Masonic Dining Hall. The public is cordially invited to attend.

[One paragraph about tuberculosis appears to be cut off at the bottom of the page]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

No. 8

At Dale;
e Counselor

Bill Tilow
Force during World War II in the China-Burma-India area. Married with two sons in Virginia, and they have two sons, Mike 12, and David 7.
He was a principal in the South River School Corporation for past five years prior to accepting the position with the Carter Township School Corporation.
The Tilow's expect to move here later on in the summer, as he is currently employed as director of Rivervale Methodist Youth Camp at Mitchell.

"The Thing" At Dale
Draws National Attention

In the above picture taken at the Gilbert Engelbrecht farm 2 miles west of Dale, Allan Gast, 32 Gateway Gardens, Ketamo, a Purdue student, points to holes left by an unidentified object seen Sun-


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

"The Thing" At Dale
Draws National Attention

In the above picture taken at the Gilbert Engelbrecht farm 2 miles west of Dale, Allen Cast, 82 Gateway Gardens Kokomo, a Purdue student, points to holes left by an unidentified object seen Sunday night by Charles Engelbrecht. Taking notes is reporter Grace Brown. - News Photo

An Indiana University astronomy professor was quoted Tuesday as saying a glowing object seen by a Dale youth may have been a meteor.

An air force consultant from Western Observatory at Northwestern University, who flew in Tuesday to investigate, said (when contacted): "I think he might change his mind if he were to come here."

Cast, Engelbrecht, 16, told the Dale News he was at home alone when he saw a bright light out-side the window; that when he went to investigate, he began to get a closer look, but some mysterious force seemed to hold him back.

Then, he said, he turned to go into the house to telephone his parents, and looking back, saw the object was airborne, streaking past House lights and the television, which had momentarily blacked out, came back on when the object disappeared. He reported.

Police Chief Leroy Musgrave, who arrived at the scene an hour later, at 9:30 p.m., said he detected an odor resembling burning rubber as he approached the farm and scanned the area with a flashlight.

The object left a burned spot of grass about the size of a saucer plate, ... nearly rough (Continued on page 6)

(Handwritten note at bottom: See Grace notes - City Desk - Column on story side)


- page 9 -

SHOOTING - KEY TO PICTURES

1. Taken from SW corner of house looking approximately 15' toward barn
corner, items which had fallen off table.

2. Taken from same place, looking south. Mr. [redacted] said an object
(jut from left to right between these two buildings at about eye level
3 or 4 days previously.

4. View slightly south of west. L to R: Chief Musgrove's wife, Mrs. [redacted], Mr.
daughter. Burned spot covered by washub at back of yard.

6. Cleanup of washub as first seen by investigator, noting so called
here "been dragged" up to site.

7. Vertical view of burned spot, with scale in picture.

11. Close view of burned spot, showing direction and plot of location of two
deepest holes.

12. Plant view looking north. Note wooden match on ground, lower right.

14. Experimental burned spot started with match by witness, as described.

15. View from subject's chair in living room into kitchen. Looking slightly
north of west; kitchen door around corner to right.

20. [redacted], the witness.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Tyler Bureau
Institute
CHRISNEY INDIANA 47611

Samples
from
Sighting

Dale News
Dale
Indiana 47523

Attn: Miss Brown

[Postmark visible with date JUN 9 1964]


- page 11 -

Information Only
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64

Dale, Indiana
14 June 1964

June 14; Dale, Indiana: About 9 p.m. Charles Englerochat was watching TV in his living room. Suddenly the TV set and lights in an adjoining room went out and he noticed a coast at once a luminous object outside the window. He ran to the door to investigate, and saw a gliding object about the size of a basketball and about 50 ft. away. As he told to cover the floor, his wife noticed the UFO took off, emitting a whizzing sound. Holes, scorch marks and stains were among the physical evidence left.


- page 12 -

SAUCER LANDING IN INDIANA: A sensational news report from Huntingburg, Indiana, dated June 14th, tells of a landing quite similar to the Glassboro, N.J. Incident. On a farm two miles northwest of Dale, Indiana, a glowing object landed at about 9 p.m. one night, and then flew away, leaving behind the smell of sulphur. The UFO also left behind a burned spot, and three holes or indentations in the ground, approximately a half inch deep each. An Air Force Investigator came to the scene and interviewed Charles Engelbrecht, the 18-year-old youth who witnessed the landing. The investigator retrieved a small piece of metal from the burned spot. When examined under a jeweler's glass, the metal appeared to be "grooved on the surface, like a walnut."

The same UFO was seen in daylight, several hours earlier, by two youths who were on a fishing trip southeast of Yankstown, Indiana. The object was traveling at treetop level, and when it was within 200 yards of the young men, it veered away, going out of sight at the same level. The UFO made no sound, and appeared to be 10 or 15 yards in diameter. It was visible for about ten minutes. An unconfirmed report broadcast by a local radio station stated that the object hit a farmhouse in the vicinity, causing a television set to blow up.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

"...lack of space prevents us from giving details, but we have recently learned of two more incidents in which physical evidence was apparently left behind by a flying saucer, as in the Glassboro, N.J. case. The first incident occurred near Compton, Indiana, a few days after the sighting described in the middle of page 23. No UFO was seen, but four mysterious burned circles were found in a hay field belonging to Mr. and Mrs. James Slack. These were described as "acid type burns"."


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Grace Notes

THE DALE NEWS
DALE, INDIANA
Friday, June 19, 1964

Mr. Wm. T. Powers
Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Bill:

During the [blacked out] investigation, did anyone mention fireworks to you? I heard last night from their neighbors that firecrackers were set off at the farm Sunday, presumably as a part of the entertainment (they had 64 guests--this is in the social news in The Dale News).

I don't know what kind of fireworks, but I have seen some rocket-types that could very well have been launched from that "pad" in the back yard; that would also explain the three holes.

State Trooper Frank J. Cook is interested in this [blacked out]. Perhaps he can find out about the firecrackers. (Incidentally, I am Justice of the Peace of Carter Township--my oldest son tells "Mother, why don't you sell Avon like other mothers do?"--and I've got a pipeline to the State Police post and the Sheriff's department, which is very helpful as a source of instant news.)

In other developments, Police Chief Musgrave got a letter yesterday from Elkhart which may interest you.

Sincerely,
[signature blacked out]


- page 15 -

Report of Sighting

At 8:55 pm, 14 June 1964, [redacted], of Dale, Indiana, was sitting alone in his living room (his parents were in bed) watching television.

From where he sat, he could see through an open archway into the kitchen, and out through the kitchen window. He saw what appeared to be a light man by the window, and got up to investigate. As he went into the kitchen, all the house lights and the television cut went off. [redacted] went outside through the back door in the north side of the kitchen, looked to his left, and at the rear of the back yard saw a ball of luminosity or flame about the size of a basketball, resting on the ground. It was orange in color.

Witness attempted to approach the ball but could not get farther than the near corner of the house, where he said that something seemed to press him back (or, as admitted, he could just have been afraid). He watched it for a few seconds, turned back to call his parents, and when he looked again, the object had taken off and was floating over the roof of the barn, to the west.

Witness then called the local police department, in the person of Chief Leon Musgrave, who arrived about 2130. Both the witness and his parents said that there was a strong "sulphurous" smell all around the area, especially where the object had touched down. Musgrave said that, as he approached the house on the main highway, passing through a hollow or dip, he smelled a sulphurous smell as deep as 1/4 mile from the house.

The witness and his parents pointed out a power line over that had rolled a short two feet from its usual place toward the object, and some grass was bent. A few fallen off a table in a direction toward the object. A few poles actually stood against the back of the house was bent slightly, just to substantiate, to the place where the object had landed.


- page 16 -

At the landing site was a small uncut piece (see photo) with three small
indentations on its edges, forming an isosceles triangle, and about 3/4 inch
deep by 3/4 inch diameter. Only one hole was at all well-defined. One of the colors
showed a sharp vertical edge as if the sharpened end of a pipe had been pushed
straight down into the ground and lifted out again straight up.

Some ways distant to the west and north had a low-black shall or
stone; close present right after the event day that there was a small ooze of fuel
oil or gasoline - or at least some oily smell - at the burned spot. This investi-
gator could smell practically nothing; perhaps there was a lingering odor of
kerosene. This does not mean it smelled like kerosene, but that the smell was
somewhat reminiscent of this substance to the investigator.

The witness pointed out a strip of ground running along an arc some 50 feet
east and north of the object's landing spot, in which he claimed the grass and
clover was dying. The investigator could, indeed, see that along this line there
seemed to be more brown-tip on the plants than elsewhere, but so a close-up sur-
vey, there was difficulty in seeing any great difference. A vegetable garden
growing ten feet from the landing spot was unaffected.

While taking pictures of the burned spot, the investigator noticed a single
woolen match about three feet 50 of the burned spot. Only the head of the match
and a very small part of the wool had been burned, and it was the only match within
twenty feet of the object (and perhaps the only one in the back yard). Neither
parents appeared to note.

The investigator decided to see if another area of burned grass near the
same will have to produce an appearance like the original burned spot. He
used a piece of wood, and attempted kindling to show a small fire with water,
paint chips, local reporter, and the witness looked on. The investigator then began
failing to produce a fire until the witness stated, "Why not do this?" His request
was so.


- page 17 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

--16--

a cookie match from his pocket, heated it with his chemicals, and applied it so
the dried grass, flicking up the melted strands so they would stay better.
Investigator took a picture of this process, and did not notice the other make.

Witness' parents said that on Wednesday or Thursday last, [REDACTED]
and his wife saw a ball of luminosity travel through the air across a field to
the scene, appearing between two millings to farm or sky, moving, swirling
horizontally and just above the horizon. The object was pale west, and did
not stop to the right of the right-hand building as expected. Mr. [REDACTED]
says they having lights of this kind (calls or appears glowing with a kind of
light) have been seeing this over the years in this area.

The witness asked these separate times whether the analysis of the samples
from the burned area would detect the presence of coal oil or gasoline. He also
ventured the theory that perhaps a ball of swamp gas or fire would, on contact
with the ground, change to coal oil or some similar material. Witness also
requested that if the conclusion was that a "prank" had been played, his name be
kept out of the papers.

Enclosed with this report is an envelope containing a small stone-like
object that was on the center of the burned area, some of the ashes, and pieces
of the stated grass from the area next to the burn. Fig. 1 shows the shape and
size of the burn.

The investigator became acquainted with a [REDACTED] of the FBI News,
who reported that the witness had some reputation for being odd and not applying
himself when 15 the case was. He also reported that two weeks ago the witness
was seen in a new-car salesroom looking over the new cars, and told the salesman
what he expected to come in and buy a new car for. [REDACTED] does not move that
he does not move that the witness planned to do something to get a new car in
[REDACTED] in the near future, or some he had heard or talked like story of a
[REDACTED]


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

Strange experience even before it occurred, the circumstances may be come in mind as suggestive.

This investigator is of the opinion that a prank was played by someone or others.


- page 19 -

