PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 1 Jun 64

2. LOCATION: Crystal Lake, Michigan

12. CONCLUSIONS: [ ] Was Balloon
[ ] Probably Balloon
[ ] Possibly Balloon
[ ] Was Aircraft
[X] Probably Aircraft
[ ] Possibly Aircraft
[ ] Was Astronomical
[ ] Probably Astronomical
[ ] Possibly Astronomical
[ ] Was Insufficient Data for Evaluation
[ ] Unknown

3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local
GMT 01/0300Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: [X] Ground-Visual
[ ] Air-Visual
[ ] Ground-Radar
[ ] Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS: [ ] Yes
[X] No

6. SOURCE: civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: stated

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 9. COURSE:
one                                    north

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: 11. COMMENTS:
Girl doing homework heard loud noise and saw light outside house enough to light up island. 10 minutes later the sound was heard again and increased in intensity. Sound so loud that she had to cover her ears. Enormous circular obj sailed into view moving north. Light from underside illuminated area. extremely low alt.

Night photo mission from Michigan Univ-ersity flying out of Willow Run. Using infra-Red equipment that has turbine with sound louder than a/c engine. Crystal-Lake is reservoir point and landing lights used when in close formation. Mission verified by investigation.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 24 SEP 52)

- page 1 -

--2--

9. Dayside sighting. At about 0300, 1 June, 1954, Miss [redacted] age 28, was at a cottage at Crystal Lake, 60 miles northwest of Lansing, with her mother and 10-year old sister. [redacted] was studying history in the cottage living room when she heard a loud roaring sound. She looked out the front window which overlooked the lake to the North, and saw a bright flash of light near an island some 200 yards out. The noise immediately ceased, and, after a moment, [redacted] went back to studying. About ten minutes later, she again heard the sound, this time from the south, apparently. The noise gradually became louder and louder, waking the younger sister. The younger sister became very frightened, and tried to arouse [redacted], who is a very sound sleeper. Being unsuccessful, the younger girl climbed into bed with her mother and took no further part in the observations.

[redacted] saw the front (north) yard of the cottage light up brightly, as well as the yards bordering it on each side. The noise was now extremely loud, and when [redacted] opened the window to look out, it became so loud that she had to cover her ears. While she was at the window, an "enormous" circular object sailed into view over her head, going north toward the lake. Its lower side was so bright that after five to ten seconds, [redacted] eyes began to water. The object went smoothly out across the lake, the light from its underside illuminating the water and then the island as the light passed over it. It was difficult to make out any details about the shape of the object because its circular bottom side was so brilliant but Lord says she got an impression of some kind of projection on top, possibly dome-shaped, and of another projection on the bottom around the light, possibly rectangular. The object seemed to be no more than four cottage-heights above the ground, and passed low over the island at about the same altitude. It "did not shimmer or turn" as it went, but seemed to keep the same face forward. The noise never cut off, but only faded out.

[redacted] was initially questioned by her father, who said that he fully believed her wish the seriousness of making a false report. Mr. [redacted] said that he

- page 2 -

--26--

had spent several years in the Air Force, and knew about Project Blue Book.

The morning after the sighting (actually the same day) Mr. [redacted] had

[redacted] pick out on the family Hammond Organ the high note she said the object

made. The note picked was D above Middle C, which was the note later used by this

investigator during the [redacted] interview (his sighting had been a year before).

There was a roaring noise, but the predominant, and painfully loud sound was this

one note.

Mr. [redacted] said that he had tried to estimate the size of the object from

Lora's description of it and his knowledge of the distance of the island, and

came out with a diameter of roughly forty feet. From the time the noise began,

the second time until the time that the light disappeared behind trees low in

the northw as estimated at about twenty seconds. The noise definitely could be

heard getting louder and louder for several seconds - perhaps five - before the

light appeared in the front yard. The velocity was described as "not fast."

Immediately after the sighting, [redacted] found herself completely alone, and

was extremely frightened. She went outside, since she could not awaken her mother,

to see if any other lights were on or if anyone else had come out to see what was

happening, but found no one; all the cottages were dark. In fact, nearly every-

one else had already returned home after the weekend, and most of the cottages

were deserted.

This interview was conducted entirely by telephone; unfortunately when

the investigators went to Lansing, the [redacted] could not be reached by telephone,

and they were probably gone for the weekend.

Mr. [redacted] volunteered to return to the cottage and inspect the island; he

also said he would contact a local supermarket owner who knows many residents

of the area, to see if he had heard of any other people who might have been or

heard the phenomenon.

It is unfortunate that Miss [redacted] could not arouse the only nearby adult

to corroborate her story; later investigations, already often, however, will and

- page 3 -

--17--

considerable credence to her report. Further evaluation is delayed to the end of this report.

9. [redacted] 0300 EST, 1 June 1964. 14-year old girl heard noise, saw bright flash on island in lake near cottage where she was staying. 10 minutes later heard noise again; loud roar with predominant nose at about 600 cps; became relatively loud and front yard brightly illuminated. Disc-shaped object from approximately behind and overhead, went north over lake, illuminating first water, then island. Noise and light continued until object went out of sight below treeline. Observy seen but hard to get details because of brightness of light. Crystal Lake, CO miles northwest of Lansing.

- page 4 -

EXTRACT FROM SGT MOODY'S TRIP REPORT TO LANSING, MICHIGAN AREA

It was learned that the FAA in Lansing turned over control of flight operations to Detroit center on the night of 22 May between 0200 and 0300 for a classified military operation. Roger Snowbarger was the tower operator. Sgt Moody went to interview Mr Snowbarger the following afternoon at 1500 when he came on duty.

Local weather data was obtained for 13 June and used in the [illegible] sighting.

Discussion with the tower operators James Mackey on UFO's and the sightings in the area revealed that many calls are received by the tower operator. The operator usually explains the observation to a caller in terms of a known aircraft, weather balloon or one of the stars or planets. The tower at Capitol City Airport has an unobstructed view of the entire area.

At 0200 on 13 Jun 64 Sgt Moody returned to the motel.

On the morning of 13 Jun 64, Sgt Moody proceeded from East Lansing, Michigan to the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor and contacted Sgt Larson of the AFROTC. Sgt Larson directed Sgt Moody to the University of Michigan facility at Willow Run Airport. Mr G H Suits at Bldg 204L was contacted at 1215 a.m. Mrs Suits was in charge of infra-red photo activities and referred Sgt Moody to the hanger where Michigan University operational a/c or these flights were located. Mr [illegible] was the person to be contacted and interviewed. Prior to proceeding to the hanger Mr Suits indicated that Conductron Corporation at the Ann Arbor Airport was also engaged in photo activity. Mr Lee Ryans at this corporation was contacted by telephone and he indicated that Conductron Corp had no flights in the Lansing area during the 20-25 May period. Mr Suits also indicated that Lear Inc was also engaged in photo activity. This address, 2330 Washington Avenue, Phone 665-0525 (Mr Horder) was contacted by telephone and he indicated that his company had three such projects under current operation; one in Puerto Rico, one in Florida, and one in Mississippi. None of the Lear Inc a/c were operating in the Michigan area and the last flight in Michigan was in January. He indicated that Frank Lodge of Pontiac, Michigan, phone 373-6423 or 332-0159 in Pontiac was the pilot of the a/c engaged by his company for the January operation. He stated that it was possible that Mr Lodge could have been flying infra-red photo missions for some other individual.

From Mr Suits office Sgt Moody went to the hanger and contacted McCarndal. On the night of 20 May, two USGA Beaver a/c made flights from 0050 to 0150 EST and 0305 to 0405 EST. These a/c had a red beacon on top burning at all times. These a/c had standard a/c lights. During operation the pilots occasionally turn on the landing lights especially during turns. The a/c are equipped with Solar a/c turbines which provides AC and DC electricity for the research equipment. The University of Michigan also

- page 5 -

had an L-20 a/c equipped with turbine. The normal flight path of these a/c is such that rendezvous is made over Crystal Lake, Michigan. (Reference for sightings). These missions and the associated data of these flights are classified. There was a security clearance required for access to the hangar. Upon completion of the interview at 1100 with Mr Carinci, Sgt Moody returned to East Lansing, Michigan at 1600.

At 1300 Sgt Moody proceeded to the Capitol City airport at Lansing and interviewed Roger Snowberger (the operator on duty on the night of 20 May). He indicated that the local turbo props were not in operation during the period of the Lansing sightings. On the night of 20 May 64 the Capitol City Operations had turned over control of their air space to the Detroit F.A. Mission of the a/c in the area was classified and he didn't know the purpose of the operations, however, he did observe a/c in the area. Also, during this period one a/c from David Field (Newly located airport) took off with a landing light on and crossed the northern portion of Lansing.

At 1515 Sgt Moody proceeded to the State Journal newspaper office and spoke with Mr Frank Hand, news reporter for this paper. No additional information was obtained during this interview.

From the State Journal office Sgt Moody proceeded to Battle Creek, Michigan arriving at 2100. The following morning, 16 Jun a visit was made to the Custer Air National Guard Station and Sgt Micklatcher, flight locations for the period 21-22 May were obtained. The a/c were F3-57A photo reconnaissance a/c. None of the flights were made in the Lansing area. Majority of the targets being to the South of Battle Creek. From Custer, Sgt Moody returned to W-P AFB, arriving at 1230.

- page 6 -

CONCLUSION, LANSING, MICHIGAN

Results of the field investigation in the Lansing, Michigan and surrounding area leads to the conclusion that an aircraft or aircrafts under control of the FAA en Patrol was the most likely cause of the lighted object, with an accompanying shrill noise, such as an a/c with a turbine used in infra-red photography.

The sightings and associated noise on the night of 21 May, by multiple observers, were attributed to the siren and flasher reflecting from ground fog/haze from a police vehicle known to be in the area.

The sightings of 22 May by[redacted] and[redacted] and on the night of 23 May by [redacted] and[redacted] are believed to be meteor observations.

The object observed on 25 May by[redacted] is believed to have been the satellite ECHO I.

The sighting of 26 May by[redacted] is regarded as an unreliable report as indicated in the police logs.

The sighting of Mr[redacted] on 27 May resembles a reported observation of the planet Venus.

The sighting on 1 Jun at Crystal Lake, Michigan by[redacted] is believed to have been caused by an a/c on a night infra-red photo mission.

The observation of[redacted] on 5 Jun near Lansing, Michigan is believed to have been caused by an a/c.

The sighting on 13 Jun at Grand Ledge, Michigan by[redacted] and[redacted] is regarded as the reflection of car headlights on fog.

The report from Mrs[redacted] included leaves as a physical specimen. No object was observed by Mrs[redacted]. Its believed that Mrs[redacted] heard the sound of the a/c observed by others in this report but that the leaves are not associated with this event. Subsequent analysis revealed that the leaves were not radioactive.

- page 7 -

