The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book archives, containing information about a reported UFO sighting in Hartford, Indiana on May 20-23, 1964.

The text visible in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
DATE: 20 - 23 May 64
1. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local
2. LOCATION: Hartford, Indiana
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION:
X Ground-Radar
□ Air Visual
□ Air-Intercept Radar
4. SOURCE: Civilian
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
9. COURSE: Stationary
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Orange light low in NW sky observed for three succeeding nights.
11. COMMENTS:
Probable VENUS observation.
12. CONCLUSIONS:
X Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
X Was Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report on UFO sightings.

Preliminary Investigation of UFO Reports, May 17 - 22, 1964.
William T. Powers, Systems Engineer, Dearborn Observatory

On Friday night, May 22-23, I made a brief telephone survey in response to a report made by a Mr. Arthur Highee, Director of Dearborn Observatory, following his appraisal of a UFI report of sightings in Lansing, Michigan.

My first call was to UFI in Chicago; a report of a UFO sighting had come in, but from Marion, Indiana. A subsequent call to UFI in Lansing established that reports were coming independently from both locations.

I contacted the Police Department in East Marion, and was informed that police officers in the Marion force and in police departments of surrounding areas were contacted. The officers stated they had observed a number of single lights or groups of lights, both stationary and moving, which struck witnesses as unusual enough to report. Calls to several of the other departments in the area did not add much information, as the witnesses were on patrol or were not on duty at the time. In every case I was assured that the witnesses would be available if a complete investigation were carried out; in most cases the sightings were logged, or else the force is small enough that the individuals involved will be easy to find.

I did succeed in locating one witness who saw an orange light low in the northwest sky, apparently "200 - 500 feet high, three to six miles away", having driven to the west end of town (Hartford City) after hearing over his police car radio comments about other sightings in progress. The officer, Robert Meredith, reports that the Blackford county___________ and another man named __________ saw the orange light. It seems clear that the object was Venus, just prior to setting.

The other reports may involve more definite motion, and some involve multiple objects (at least one observation through binoculars), so the Venus explanation cannot readily be extended without further information.

Having established that enough information could be obtained through the cooperation of local agencies, I have made no further investigations. I trust this summary is satisfactory.

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in this document. However, I will proceed to extract the text from the image:

The first landing call was to the Lansing Police Department, where I spoke with Sgt. Ruse/Snyder. A series of calls had been received from residents of Southern Lansing for several days, starting at 3 AM on Wednesday morning, May 20. A list of names was obtained from the log of Wednesday, all from people who complained of a "whirling" noise. This noise was described approximately as a "whirring" noise, starting low and going high, then stopping. In a subsequent call to the Eaton County Sheriff's office, I was informed that at 3:44 Wednesday morning a police car had made an emergency run down Miller street, employing a new "warbling" siren, which the desk/sergeant described as sounding "weird."

When I read him the list of addresses of the complainants, he identified most but not all, of them as being close to the route of the emergency run. 

It was also found that an elephant was tethered all night in a shopping center nearby, part of a promotion stunt.

The reports of 3 AM Wednesday, therefore, may tentatively be connected with the known emergency run, at least those definitely concerned with noises, which I understand is true in all cases.

Reports from Thursday and Friday night, however, cannot be connected with the siren, as objects were seen. There appear to be several independent sightings of different objects.

One object, a bright blue or blue-green light, was seen descending "to the ground" (that is, going out of sight following a downward course) by two people, Mr. and Mrs. ______ on the way home when he caught sight of the object. Both were impressed sufficiently to attempt to drive to where the object disappeared, and both seem to have thought it might be an aircraft in trouble. The men met subsequently, while ______ was acting in his capacity of television announcer (for WILX) at a remote broadcast from a restaurant (____) in Lansing, and here they each learned that the other had seen the light. Unfortunately, it appears that they have already compared their stories, as both reported to me in phone calls Saturday morning that...

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed text document, possibly a report or record, related to a UFO sighting investigation.

the sighting took place at (12:10 to 12:15). Both men have agreed to cooperate in any detailed investigation.
One of the calls associated with the night of the emergency run previously mentioned was from a farmer in Grand Ledge, who called the police department with a report that he had seen a flying saucer land and take off again.
A police car 5 miles from the scene was dispatched, but before it arrived the farmer, whose name was not obtained, said that the object was gone; the investigation produced nothing unusual, so the sighting was not logged in the records of the farmer may be difficult to discover. The farmer said the object was blurred and was 15 feet in diameter. The police officer clearly believes the man to be "mistaken".
There are several more reports which need to be straightened out better then I could do over the telephone. One involves two men coming home from the night shift (apparently) at Oldsmobile, and a strange noise ( apparently not the siren - time is wrong) and saw an object that looked like a shooting star going behind the house. It made ( or something made) a sufficiently impressive noise that the man's wife jumped out of bed, terrified, the sound having awakened her.
Between phone calls to and from on Saturday morning, I received an unsolicited call from a reporter, of the Lansing State-Journal, who was trying to find out if my calls of the night before were legitimate, and who had another report which came in just after our operations Friday night. Mrs. Rd., Lansing, saw three objects as 9:00, 9:45, and 11:00 PM on the 20th, at least one of which showed shape ( outline, not point source) and which was observed through binoculars. Mrs. husband also saw the objects and he called some neighbors who also were witnesses. One object was described as roughly circular with many little white lights on its underside. Mrs. did not report until she heard of other reports, for fear she would be called crazy.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document, produced by an OCR system:

a street which appears on the list of complainants ( not in chronological order) from Wednesday night, and which should be checked as possibly involving a report from the "noises" reports. 

Saturday afternoon the final call before making this report was received from Sgt. Garrett (Marion, Ind. PD) of the Police, in response to my request for additional information that might arise. He reported that a Mrs. Lansing/Heard (20 Main St., Lansing, Ind.) had just reported that she had a very strange "whirring" sound from her back yard, at 9:00 or 9:15 PM. She saw nothing, but found a burned area in her yard, about 10 feet by 4 or 5 feet in dimensions. Leaves lying on the ground were charred, but the grass underneath was not. She has saved samples of the leaves, and is willing to be interviewed. She, too, delayed her report for fear of ridicule, until other reports were publicized. Her husband saw what she saw, he heard the noise.

This brief report actually represents only a small portion of the reports that were received and logged at the police departments in the area. All police agencies appear quite willing to cooperate, and individuals seem to show a healthy mixture of interest and skepticism. My impression is that a more detailed sifting of the logs
together with examination of records of emergency-car movements will eliminate the bulk of reports concerned with noises only, but that other events appear to have occurred which require more detailed investigation and probably will call for several different explanations.

There follows a list of names of some of the persons who made reports; this is a very abbreviated list, and is given only for the purpose of adding identification of the proper log pages or proper individuals with whom to communicate.

MARION, INDIANA POLICE DEPARTMENT: 317 - NO 8-8131 
Tom Dennis, Chief
Richard Harrison, Asst. Chief. Refer: men who work North car wigMfc.

KOKOMO, INDIANA POLICE DEPARTMENT (SHERIFF'S POLICE) - 317-GL 2-2444
HARTFORD CITY POLICE DEPARTMENT 317 - 348-3730 
Officer Robert Morrison

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in this image. The image shows a scanned page from what seems to be a Project Blue Book document, containing text about a UFO sighting.

TIPTON POLICE DEPARTMENT, TIPTON, INDIANA
TIPTON COUNTY(SHERIFF'S)POLICE Sightings Sunday through Tuesday, May 17-19.
INDIANA STATE POLICE
LANSING, MICHIGAN POLICE DEPARTMENT : 517 - IV 5-7665
Sgt. Reif Snyder, desk, gave following names-more available:
Mrs. Lansing
(This one for emergency run
Mrs. Lansing
Mrs. Lansing
Mrs. Lansing
Mrs. Lansing
MASON, MICHIGAN: INGHAM COUNTY SHERIFF'S POLICE ( originators of emergency run)
517 - OR 7-9661
Lansing: MICHIGAN STATE POLICE: 517 - ED 2-2521
Investigated call from farmer about saucer landing.
OFFICER Bassett at desk.
LANSING MICHIGAN: Mr. Lansing
Saw blue light descend.
Lansing, MICHIGAN: Mrs. Lansing
Saw same blue light.
LANSING, MICHIGAN: Mrs. Lansing ( Near )
Informant: Dick Frazier, of Lansing State-Journal, reporter.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

PRELIMINARY WEATHER REPORT: temperatures in area on Wed, May 20, and Thursday May 21 (night) in mid-thirties - high probability of inversion layer. UFT reporter/volunteer information that he received 14 television channels Wed. night.

- page 7 -

