PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
13 Aug 64

2. LOCATION
Grand Ledge, Michigan

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local 2145/2315Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
stationary

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
See Case File

11. COMMENTS
Reflection of car headlights on patch of fog.

12. CONCLUSIONS
[Checkboxes are present but not marked]


- page 1 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   1000 FT.

22. Where were you located when you saw this object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. in the business section of a city?
b. in the residential section of a city?
c. in open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other   other side of road

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         f. Southwest         h. Northwest
c. East              d. Southeast

24.2 How fast were you moving?   32   miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses  Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass Yes   No

a. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[This section is blank]


- page 2 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object, and a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
    N/O

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
    [Redacted text]
    Grand Ledge, Michigan

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
    NAME
    [Redacted text for Last Name, First Name, Middle Name]
    ADDRESS
    [Redacted street address]
    Grand Ledge     Zone    Michigan
    TELEPHONE NUMBER     AGE 16     SEX Female

    Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    13      June      1964
    [Additional text in bottom right appears partially illegible]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:

Day         Month         Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[The handwritten text in section 35 is partially illegible, but appears to read:]
[First line is mostly illegible]
[Subsequent lines suggest something about "sight" and "bright" but are not completely clear]

The document is Page 7 of the report.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFTER FIVE DAYS RETURN TO
[redacted]
GRAND LEDGE, MICH.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
CAPT. HECTOR PINTWICK
TPE
WPAFB, OHIO

There is also a postmark stamp visible dated JUN 22 1964 and a "PDE" stamp/marking.


- page 6 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank or nearly blank document page with some very faint dots or specks, but no readable text is visible.


- page 7 -

Michigan State Police
CASE SUPERVISION SHEET

Nature of Complaint: UFO

Complaint No.: 
File Claim No.: 
Date of Original Complaint: 5-27-64

DATE | OFFICER | ACTION
5-27-64 | [Signature] | NCS (one mile North of E. Rapids) TX 9535. Called at 9:34 PM
reported that for the next 45 minutes she had watched a
flashing or rotating red light directly west of her home.
It seemed to move from one star toward another. For
this one star. It would be stationary for a couple of
seconds, move either up or down then north and back
toward that one star. Was far away and high. No sound.

6-5-64 | Olmstead | A man by name [redacted] was grated an interview regarding an object appeared about size of large star only much
brighter. Cant warrant investigation. Advised in all atmosphere, last
of miles East of his home and traveling in NW direction. Last
about 1 minute ago. 96.4 FPM. Disappeared as though some
kind of light, possibly sky object. No further confirmation made
than his observation. Advised to report if seen again. Plane or
airplane.

6-13-64 | 12:40P | [Remainder of page partially illegible]


- page 8 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank or nearly blank document page with some very faint markings or artifacts, but no discernible text can be read.


- page 9 -

EXTRACT FROM SGT MOODY'S TRIP REPORT TO LANSING, MICHIGAN

Subsequent to their observation they had received numerous telephone calls from others in the area who had observed or heard the same or a similar object. These included (hearty farmers) who heard the object and described the sound as extremely loud. They received a call from a nurse at the Igleam medical center, who said that she and a maternity patient had observed the object. Also, a Mr (name blacked out), the Delta Township Fire Marshall, had observed the object that same night.

It should be noted that Mrs (name blacked out) had a child a few months old and was the one that was awakened by the noise. The noise of the object did not disturb the sleeping child. Also, Mr (name blacked out) is fire marshal and is attuned to awaken at a bell, siren or telephone.

SIGHTING OF BUSTER BUCKHARDT

Following the interview with Mr and Mrs (name blacked out), Sgt Moody and Bill Powers proceeded to the Delta Township Fire Barn Station at Canal and Saginaw, Michigan (About three miles East of Grand Ledge), to interview (name blacked out). On the night of 25 May at about 0330 Mr (name blacked out) was awakened by a high pitch, shrill hum. He looked out the window and observed an object over Saginaw Highway. A light coming from the bottom of the object lit up the yard and an area about 1000 feet in diameter. The light went out and proceeded East following a path about Saginaw Highway. For a brief period after the light went out Mr (name blacked out) could not see the object but followed its flight by the sound. The object sounded like it was climbing. This loss of sight was attributed to the effects of having observed a very bright light.

Mr (name blacked out) gave no estimation on the altitude of the object. The light was sufficiently bright for him to see the ground across the road. From the initial time when he was awakened until the object had disappeared in the East no more than three to four minutes had elapsed. Mr (name blacked out) also reported that several people in the area had talked with him about hearing the noise and had complained about the noises causing their dogs to become upset.

SIGHTING OF LINDA CAMPBELL AND BONNIE BANCROFT

Following the interview with (name blacked out) Sgt Moody and Bill Powers proceeded to the home of (name blacked out) at Grand Ledge, Michigan. An interview concerning her observation on the night of 13 Jun 64 and carried in the local newspapers on 14 June. During the interview it was apparent that the sighting was not related to those of objects with noise observed during the latter part of May. About 2215 local time on 13 Jun Donna and Linda were returning from a party. As they departed in their car they turned on to a road leading


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

to Saginaw Highway. As they turned onto the road from the driveway
both girls observed a light which they thought to be a car coming
towards them. However, they realized that it was not a car because
there were no bright lights shining towards them. The girls stopped
the car and the light stopped. Of particular interest was the description
of the light. It was about 5 - 6 foot high and covered with of the
road. There was no object observed, just a light with a ray whatsoever.
The light did not cast a glow on nearby trees. Total duration of the
observation was no more than fifteen seconds. The latter portion of
about a second consisted of a one second decrease in intensity when
the light dimmed, two seconds staying dimmed and one second getting
brighter again. At this time the light disappeared completely. The
strange light frightened the girls and they went home and reported
their observation to their parents. It was decided that a visit to
the scene would be helpful. Sgt Moody and Mr Powers were accompanied
to the scene by the parents and both observers. It was determined that the shape of the object formed with an opening in the
trees through which the road passed. Adjacent to this opening was
a small body of water with vegetation. Distances were measured from
the car to the objects location where it first appeared and where it
stopped, as well as the distance where the car turned on the road
and was stopped. Measurements of the distance that the car lights
were and the location of the notations. The theory that the lighting
was a reflection of the car lights on fog developed. Sgt Moody
planned to return that night if weather conditions remained the same,
to determine if this was the presence of ground fog from this pond.

INVESTIGATIVE INFORMATION

From the Grand Ledge sighting of [redacted] and [redacted]
Sgt Moody proceeded to Capitol City Airport near Lansing,
Michigan. Contact was made with Abroms Photo Service and was informed
that no light missions were being flown locally during the period of
unusual observations in the Lansing Area.

The FAA was contacted regarding local flights on the night of May
22nd and information on Turbo Prop aircraft operating in the area
obtained. General Motors has three Turbo Props, Convair Model 54,
Twin Engine. These Planes did not fly during the period in question.
United Airlines as one Turbo Prop flying scheduled flights. This did
not coincide with the reported sightings. No Turbo Props in the area
around [redacted] an Army Nowark Turbo Prop flying an occasional VFR
mission. These were noted at FAA logs. Only one flight was contained
on the FAA logs and this flight directly arrived at 205½ local departed
Lansing at 0154 local, flight number was PLAY 99, C-119 local flight
to South Bend, Indiana, home station Selfridge AFB.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFOD (TEST)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
15 July 1964

[Redacted location]
Grand Ledge, Michigan

Dear [Redacted]:

I must apologize for not writing sooner. I have been so busy that I have not even had a chance to write up my trip report to Lansing and the surrounding area.

Your sighting was so intriguing that I must surely owe you some explanation as to what conclusion has been reached.

Following our discussion of the sighting with you I obtained the weather data from the airport at Capitol City for the night of your sighting. I had hoped that the weather would not change but as you know we got rained out the following night and conditions were no longer the same.

Essentially our theory as to the cause of this sighting is as follows. While it cannot be proven it does represent a very logical explanation for what might have happened and as far as we can determine nothing conflicts with our analysis. As you turned your car after the driveway into the road the lights focused upon a patch of fog from the marshy area to the right of the road leading back towards town. Your initial impression of any light source would naturally be that of a car coming toward you down the road. However, when no lights were shining toward you, you would of course realize that this could not be the cause. Of particular interest is your description of the light. Basically the light did not cast reflections on the surrounding trees or road in front of its location. Its shape conformed with the road's contour. It was not a bright light.

Its shape conformed with the road which the road passed. The motion of this object believed to be approaching you can be explained in terms of a shortening of distance from your car to the light as your car approached the fog bank. Of course, make the light increase in brightness (intensity) and give the


- page 12 -

It was learned that the FAA in Lansing turned over control of flight operations to Detroit center on the night of 22 May between 0200 and 0300 for a classified military operation. Roger Snowberger was the tower operator. Sgt Moody went to interview Mr Snowberger the following afternoon as 1500 when he came on duty.

Local weather data was obtained for 13 June and used in the Bancroft Campbell sightings.

Discussion with the tower operators James Mackey on UFO's and the sightings in the area revealed that many calls are received by the tower operator. The operator usually explains the observation to the caller in terms of a known aircraft, weather balloon or one of the stars or planets. The tower at Capitol City Airport has an unobstructed view of the entire area.

At 0200 am 15 Jun 64 Sgt Moody returned to the motel.


- page 13 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank or nearly blank document page with some very faint dots or specks, but no readable text is visible.


- page 14 -

10. [Redacted] On 13 June, 1964, at about 2215 hours, [Redacted], Grand Ledge, Michigan, and [Redacted], of [Redacted], Grand Ledge, both fifteen or sixteen years old, were at a party on [Redacted] Road about one half mile off Saginaw Highway, between Grand Ledge and Lansing. They were leaving the party, and Miss [Redacted] was driving, with Miss [Redacted] beside her in the front seat. The car had just pulled out of the driveway and was about to head north toward Saginaw when both girls thought they saw approaching headlights.

The light came closer, and it was apparent that it was not a car, but a large glowing shape which filled the road from side to side. Miss [Redacted] stopped the car, when she saw that the object had stopped. It appeared to glow with a very white light for a few seconds, dimmed considerably, but smoothly, and then rose again to maximum brightness for several seconds. It then disappeared, without moving. While it was shining, it seemed as if there were light inside it, that couldn't get out, according to the girls. They could not see the road through it, or cars passing by on Saginaw Road through the small opening that was visible about half a mile away. Right after the object disappeared, cars could be seen passing, as well as a neon sign on a distant bowling alley.

Investigators visited the scene with the girls and Miss [Redacted] parents. The girls showed where several of the boys from the party had looked for traces and thought they had seen marks in the grass and on the ground. The girls, who were very frightened, had not looked themselves, and it was dark at the time, so the boys had not been sure whether they found anything or not.

The location of the glowing object was found to be about 475 feet from the place where the car was stopped; the headlights on low beam (as they had been) shone on the road about 100 feet in front of the car. The estimated initial position of the object when first seen was about 150 feet further north on Saginaw Road.


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

--18--

toward Saginaw Highway, or 625 feet away plus the 90 feet the car moved before stopping.

Investigators found no traces of anything unusual on the road over a distance of about 0.2 mile. There were some faint hoofprints from horses, and some marks where a car's tire had spun and kicked up some loose dirt (the road was graded but not paved). This tire-mark may have been what the boys saw, or may have been made by their own car as they returned south down the road.

The other investigator, Sgt. Moody, is pursuing the matter further, since just beyond the dense bushes lining both sides of the road, on the south side, standing water was noticed, near the spot where the object was supposed to have been, on the east side of the road. It was thought that some fog might have blown across the road and might have been illuminated by reflection from the headlights.

The shape of the object, drawn before the field trip to the location, corresponds very closely to the opening that can be seen between and under the bushes and trees that partially overhang the road. Anything beyond and larger than this space, such as a drifting cloud of fog, would, of course, take on the shape of the opening, flat on the bottom and a slightly flattened dome on top. If possible, Sgt. Moody hopes to experiment with headlight reflections on any fog that might appear, or at least determine if fog does arise shortly after dark.

The girls possibly saw a patch of fog drifting across the road, if that is not the case, no other interpretation other than the description itself can be offered.

The girls gave every indication of believing their story to be true, and their parents verified that they had appeared very frightened that night.

10, 2215 EST, 13 June 1964. Two teenage girls leaving party with car, road lined with underbrush, saw white luminous object approach down road, stop. Object was bright, dim, bright, and gone. Not transparent or translucent. Filled opening in growth around and over road, no way have been parked of fog from swamp water just off road near possible of object. Interviewed by Sgt. Moody.


- page 16 -

Trees and Buses

Yard

N

drawing made by WTP
at scene, based on
measurements & descriptive


- page 17 -

Drawn before visiting scene
by investigator(WTP): witnesses placed
object on drawing

WIND SHIELD

Hood of car

[The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO or unusual object, with various annotations and small diagrams at the bottom of the page. The sketch shows a triangular or cone-shaped object above the hood of a car, with some additional markings and notes.]


- page 18 -

The image appears to be a nearly blank document page with very minimal text. The only legible text I can see is "BLE" in the upper right corner of the page. The rest of the page is a light gray/white color with some very faint dots or specks. The page has a dark border on the left side and a horizontal line near the bottom of the page.


- page 19 -

US DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE • WEATHER BUREAU

SURFACE WEATHER OBSERVATIONS

Date: JUN 14 1964

The document appears to be a surface weather observation log with various columns for time, visibility, wind direction/speed, temperature, and other meteorological data. The log contains multiple rows of data entries with numerical and coded information. Some specific values are visible, such as 503, 87, 823, 1021, etc. The document seems to be a standard meteorological recording form from the US Weather Bureau dated June 14, 1964.


- page 20 -

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE, WEATHER BUREAU

SURFACE WEATHER OBSERVATIONS                                 DATE    JUN 13 1964

[The rest of the text is part of a detailed weather observation table with columns for time, station pressure, temperature, wind, clouds, and other meteorological data. Due to the image quality and small text size, many specific details are difficult to read precisely.]

At the top of the document, there are headers and a title for a weather observation report form from the U.S. Department of Commerce, Weather Bureau, dated June 13, 1964.

The bottom of the page has a section labeled "SYNOPTIC OBSERVATIONS" but the text is illegible.


- page 21 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

SUMMARY OF DAY (MIDNIGHT TO MIDNIGHT)

Total sightings: 1418
Section 3rd/14/9 Sunset: Col. D.Y.

Physical evidence: length and wind speed
Winds aloft: directed direction: W and time: 1957

Precipitative
(inches)

5 10 15 20 30 45 60 80 100 150 190

SS ARTE
SR 608 229
SS CAT 6
SS 23913
SR 22183

* Grand River

RMT COAST, S.E.

Some text in the table cells is illegible or partially obscured due to the image quality.


- page 22 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Appearance of coding toward you when in reality it was stationary.
Then you stopped the car when which you had witnessed to
the light also stopped. The light now had a constant brightness
since your car was no longer moving. Again, the background of the
distance of your car to the fog bank and the increased strength
of the lights shining into the fog both add to the impression
that the light was approaching when in reality it was stationary.
Also, the dimming of the lights occurred within seconds of its
disappearance and the total duration of the sighting was only 15
seconds. The dimming can quite logically be explained in terms of
because in the amount of fog and an increase in its thickness just
prior to disappearance (more fog - more light, less fog - less light).

Weather conditions were discussed at length with Major Mills, FTD
Mission Officer from the Air Weather Squadron, and completed
weather records for the area were obtained from the U Weather
Bureau at Asheville, North Carolina. A close examination of these
records indicated that this theory is entirely plausible. We
discussed possible formation of ground fog and steam from the swamp
adjacent to the road. I do not know the size nor the depth of the
water, however, there were cattails and other vegetation conducive
to holding the water temperature at a higher level than would
occur with open water. The conditions for forming fog or steam
from this area were excellent. The temperature dropped from above
50° in the afternoon to below 70° during the late evening (time
of sighting). Also, there was no wind. This would allow the steam
or fog to build up and remain in the area will stationary.
A sudden breeze could now blow this fog across the road. Since
the time was too early for continued formation of heavy fog
this condition would be short-lived and all of the fog dissipated
during that period when the wind first began to blow. The weather
report indicates extensive ground fog throughout the night. How-
ever, this occurred several hours after you observed the light.

In addition to the weather conditions and location of the marsh
adjacent to the road, the following factors are in accord with this
theory:

a. Patch of light conforming with the opening in the road.
b. Drift direction of lighting.
c. The road itself being a light colored gravel which would
reflect the beams of your car lights into the opening
in the trees at a height and distance constant with the
light which you observed.
d. The light being at a distance coincidental with the marsh
area.

2


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

e. The apparent approaching of the light being attributed to the motion of your car.
f. The approach of the light stopping when the car was stopped.
g. The dimming of the light occurring just prior to its disappearance.

We can find no reason to think that this was not the case.

During our brief visit to Lansing we interviewed more than twenty witnesses so various sightings. Both Bill and I were quite impressed by the accuracy with which you and Donna reported the details of the sighting. Many witnesses have little or no concept of time, distance, direction and even a general description of the object which they have sighted. This is particularly so when they are frightened or when there are other unusual circumstances or conditions surrounding the observation.

When I find time to write up the Lansing sightings your case will be in Air Force Files with an evaluation of Other (Reflection of Light on Fog). I hope that in some way this explanation of what you might have observed is some consolation to you. I must admit that this was a very puzzling and perplexing observation.

I wish that I could offer something more concrete in the way of an explanation. Again Bill and I thank you for your patience with us and the courtesy extended to us during our investigation of your most unique observation.

Sincerely,

DAVID N MOODY
B3gt, USAF

cc: Bill Powers


- page 24 -

TAB

A       FTD FORM 164
B       POLICE REPORT
C       EXTRACT FROM SGT MOODY'S TRIP REPORT
D       EXTRACT FROM BILL POWERS REPORT
E       LOCAL WEATHER DATA


- page 25 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank or nearly blank document page with some very faint specks or dots, but no discernible text or clear content.


- page 26 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
    13    6    1964
    Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day:    10    15
                 Hour   Minutes
    (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
    (Circle One): a. Eastern
                 b. Central
                 c. Mountain
                 d. Pacific
                 e. Other

    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                 b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
    Nearest Postal Address: Grand Ledge    City or Town: Grand Ledge    State or County: Michigan

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
                                Hours   Minutes   15   Seconds

    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? [No response]
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ✓   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                 NIGHT
    a. Bright           a. Bright
    b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    (Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
                 b. In back of you     e. Overhead
                 c. To your right      f. Don't remember


- page 27 -

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

a. Like a light
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: (illegible writing)

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear/vanish?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[Handwritten response is partially illegible]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
[No response marked]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:
[No response marked]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: [Handwritten response partially illegible]
b. Color: [Handwritten response partially illegible]

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[No response]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[No drawing present]


- page 29 -

