PROJECT 1007 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
23 JUL 64 23/0152

2. LOCATION
Sayre, Oklahoma

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Unknown II

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
6-7 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Northeast

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Initial observation of object thought to be a satellite. Erratic motions. In sight from West Texas while flying. While lasting 6-7 minutes. Geographically situated out of radar. Appeared to slow down or stop. Seemed normal in all aspects.

COMMENT: 2670 I over Oklahoma at 1950 GMT as 32 deg. elevation. Twinkle factor from ephemeris to atmospheric conditions. Solution particularly suitable as object approaches astronomical bodies and has a reference point in the sky.

FORM
FTD SEP 64 0329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

echo 1
N of City
8° memory Ne

Petty Geological Inc.
Box 16,
Sayre, Oklahoma
July 25, 1964

Dept. Of Defense
U.S.A.
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir;

I would like to report the sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object.

It was seen by myself and one other person while skiing in the yard, we first noticed it at approximately 12:50 a.m. of the morning of July 25, 1964. We watched it for approximately 6 or 7 minutes. At first it was thought to be a satellite, it had about the same appearance of satellites we have been before. Similar to a bright star, no occasional movement or blink or a dim. Unlike other satellites, it seemed to change its course drastically on several occasions. Many times it seemed to slow down or even stop. It seemed to be very unsteady in its movement as if no be visibly round in all directions.

We observed the object until it finally went out of sight. At one point it changed its course so abruptly that we can tell of no fade out more profoundly until we could see it no longer.

It appeared out of the west traveling in a northwesterly direction. It then stopped and changed direction at point B, (see diagram), to a direction to ends the earth as it looking altitude, at point C. At this point it changed course to a nor nearly direct N.

At point D. it once again stopped and changed direction to a almost due east heading. The distance between us and the object seemed to be about 10 miles. At altitude, it was a one, 3500 degrees above the horizon some times varying to some extent.

Describing something like this is rather difficult but I hope that you can get a general idea from it.

Very truly yours,

[Signature redacted]


- page 2 -

[LCAO I]

[Partially legible text, with some words obscured or cut off]

... 23 south of city ...

[LCAO II]

[The rest of the text is too faint or illegible to confidently transcribe]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Rough Sketch of Part of UFO.

Big Dipper

45°-50° to Horizon

12:50 AM (Approx) ± 5 MIN.
July 28, 1964
Sayre, Okla.


- page 4 -

August 5, 1964

Dear [Mr. ___]:

This is in reply to your letter of July 25, 1964, in which you reported sighting an Unidentified Flying Object.

You were undoubtedly witnessing the passage of Echo I with traversed the sky north of you at approximately 12:50 a.m., CST, on the morning of July 23rd, 1964 moving northnortheast.

This corresponds with the details in your letter.

Because of atmospheric conditions, the satellite may have appeared to you to be traveling in an erratic course, however, this is merely an optical illusion.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. [___]
Patty Geophysical Eng.
Box 1,
Sayre, Oklahoma


- page 5 -

