The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, likely documenting a UFO sighting that occurred on May 26, 1964 in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

The text in the document is as follows:

1. DATE TIME GROUP: 26 May 64 - 26/19/32
2. LOCATION: Cambridge, Massachusetts 
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 - 4 Seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: N/A
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: UNIDENTIFIED

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: See Case File

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document or page from a file related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcription of the text in the document:

July 20, 1964

SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

1. Reference is made to your report on the observation of an unidentified flying object over Cambridge, Massachusetts on June 29, 1964.

2. The Air Force project office is unable to provide an identification for the object you reported seeing. However, we would appreciate any further details you can provide regarding this sighting.

3. Your cooperation in reporting such observations is sincerely appreciated, as it provides the Air Force with information that may be of value in the study of unusual aerial phenomena.

Sincerely,

MARION M. JACKS
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Information Division

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force project to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
5 January 1965

Major Quintanilla
Foreign Technology Division
Box 654, Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

I finally got around to calling you. This sighting was reported to a local news case from a campus police officer, who turned in the sighting of a flying object which took place here on our campus at the observatory a few blocks from the Observatory. On a very clear day, one came to see the objects from Logan Airport and also indicated that this was a very clear day with about 0.4 minutes coverage. He was in the parking lot with his assistant, two years old and they had been looking at some fairweather high in the sky, and since his son had been restive in the car, he suggested that he didn't come up to the window for the sighting, and it was at that time that he saw the object. 

The direction of the sighting was to the northeast of the horizon to about forty degrees above the southwest horizon where it was out of sight by the roof of the observatory. The duration of the sighting was only three or four seconds, and the object moved about forty or fifty degrees during this time. The statement made in his original letter that the object was moving from 1000 to 3000 seconds are per second at a time which he can't be sure, is erroneous tracking error. However, he is an experienced man who has been one of the men employed at the satellite tracking range, and so he seemed very reliable. The object remained unidentified, and there is no basic discrepancy between the data contained in this letter of 28 December. 1964 and that given many months later by telephone. Although there was one witness, he observed the sighting was a satellite, and operated a satellite tracking camera for three and one half years in Iran. It is for this reason that I took his observations very seriously, and I did what I could to supplement the phone call by my phone call. Yet, except in minor points, the account was identical with that given in his original interview. For the record, it might be good to go over a few of the essential points. He said he was fairly typical in the sky and had a feeling he was watching a fast. flat object which hovered in the sky and had a faint near-motion that was not failing.

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
5 January 1965

Major Quintanilla
Foreign Technology Division
Box 654, Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

I finally got around to calling you. This sighting was reported to a local news case from a campus police officer, who turned in the sighting of a flying object which took place here on our campus at the observatory a few blocks from the Observatory. On a very clear day, one came to see the objects from Logan Airport and also indicated that this was a very clear day with about 0.4 minutes coverage. He was in the parking lot with his assistant, two years old and they had been looking at some fairweather high in the sky, and since his son had been restive in the car, he suggested that he didn't come up to the window for the sighting, and it was at that time that he saw the object.

The direction of the sighting was to the northeast of the horizon to about forty degrees above the southwest horizon where it was out of sight by the roof of the observatory. The duration of the sighting was only three or four seconds, and the object moved about forty or fifty degrees during this time. The statement made in his original letter that the object was moving from 1000 to 3000 seconds are per second at a time which he can't be sure, is erroneous tracking error. However, he is an experienced man who has been one of the men employed at the satellite tracking range, and so he seemed very reliable. The object remained unidentified, and there is no basic discrepancy between the data contained in this letter of 28 December. 1964 and that given many months later by telephone. Although there was one witness, he observed the sighting was a satellite, and operated a satellite tracking camera for three and one half years in Iran. It is for this reason that I took his observations very seriously, and I did what I could to supplement the phone call by my phone call. Yet, except in minor points, the account was identical with that given in his original interview. For the record, it might be good to go over a few of the essential points. He said he was fairly typical in the sky and had a feeling he was watching a fast. flat object which hovered in the sky and had a faint near-motion that was not failing.

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image contains only text describing a UFO sighting report.

OCR output:

Immediately after he had this experience in the Sears parking lot, he made rough pencil notes and later made some extensive rework of which he included in the letter. The time he stated was 19:13 but this was 2 time. It was actually 19:12 p.m. Eastern Daylight Saving time under very good conditions of visibility.

Here are some items:

The 1st item was completely straight. It did pass behind cumulus clouds but did not leave a contrail. At about the same time, there was a contrail that was left by a high-flying plane. There was no noise and no trail whatever.

At the same time this was event, however, he decided it couldn't be a plane because it passed behind a cumulus cloud. Further, he couldn't see any wings or stabilizers as it came from, and the object wasn't flipping as it would in a thermal. He thought he could see an edge to the object which was not blurry. It seemed to be a demarcation between top and bottom. When asked what he would have put in to show its size comparable to other objects, he said he would have put in a pencil or a pencil. He said there would be no bumps on it at all. He has no idea at all of what it might have been. He said that it was an astronomical in nature, it should have been in a turn because of its cocked position, but it flew in a completely straight line. He tried maneuvering it as a spacecraft plane but could not. The hind end was just about the same shape as the front--a perfectly good oval. The looked for a solid, colorful, unusual object. He looked for control surfaces on it, but saw no movement or anything that would indicate them.

He saw three twin-engine Fairchilds. He saw transports coming in towards Hanscom and the height separates shots afterwards but no sound from this object. He did not observe through a window but we leaned out of the car to get the transports too his son.

As far as color is concerned, he said the object was exactly the color of a patrolled surface cumulus clouds. He put the cumulus at between 2500 and 8000 feet. Although he realizes he cannot tell distances very well, he put the diameter was fifteen to twenty feet in diameter. As far as apparent size was concerned, it was one-eighth the size of the full moon. In appearance, the object appears a very thin ellipsoid with a major to minor diameter ratio of approximately 3.5 to 1.

He is naturally curious as to what the object might have been and wonders whether it could at this late date check radiantly. I quizzed him about the 1000 to 3000 seconds of arc per second, and he admitted that this was a gross miscalculation since that could give only about two degrees for the total duration of the sighting, and this is entirely out of the question. He said this occurred to him at the time he was making the sighting, but it did not live with the fact.

So we have another unidentified that falls in the general pattern of rapidly flying discs in straight trajectories. Bearing the characteristics of the observation, consider:

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or document from J. Allen Hynek discussing the excellence of an observer who was trained for specific tracking of objects in the sky. The document states that the observer will be in Washington during his State Department training, and Hynek can be contacted there if any further questions arise.

weight must be given to the excellence of the observer who, in this case, was trained for specific tracking of objects in the sky.

He will be in Washington during his State Department training, and if any further questions arise, I can get in touch with him there.

Sincerely,
J. Allen Hynek

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Neurosciences Research Program, dated May 29, 1964.

OCR Text:

MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY

NEUROSCIENCES RESEARCH PROGRAM
310 NEWTON STREET, BROOKLINE 46, MASSACHUSETTS

PHONE 232-4200
CABLE: NEUROCENT

May 29, 1964

Base Commander
Hanscom Field
Bedford, Mass.

Sir:

On Wednesday May 25 I observed something which I can only class as an unidentified flying object. Below given are the notes I made immediately after the sighting:

Place: Car-park in front of Sears & Roebuck Store, Mass. Ave., Cambridge.
Time: 19:43 hrs. [I checked my wrist-watch against WWV time signal at 20:11 hrs. after the sighting.]
Met: Condition: 5/10 cumulus, base est. 5,500' vertical development: visibility unlimited.
Appearance of object: Very thin ellipsoid as seen, major to minor diameter ratio approximately 3:1. Would estimate length of major axis 1/3 to 1/2 full-moon diameter but did not see moon out at the time so it is a memory comparison.
Altitude: Object definitely was above the cumulus. Object was white, indicating probably upper boundary, also I saw it disappear behind cloud. As base of cloud was definitely grey, were the object to have passed below the cloud it would have shown white against grey.
Course: Estimated ENE. [Position of north estimated from sun-wrist-watch combination, allowing 15° for correction from DST.] First seen overhead, for 1 sec, curved overhead.
Speed: Appeared equivalent to 200 mph at 1,000'. Estimating from a sun-different datum I should guess it at between 1000 to 3000 seconds of arc per second.
Time visible: Disappearing short periods when object appeared behind clouds I probably tracked it for 35 to 40 seconds. Course was directly toward the roof edge of the Sears store.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a routing slip or cover sheet for a report related to a UFO sighting.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
TO      FTD (TDB)
REMARKS
Attached is report of USO forwarded to this
office (dtd 29 May 64/P. Wankowicz).

FROM    ESYIA/ Lt. Thayer
DATE    3 Jun 64
PHONE   2822

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

I had sufficient time for observation to determine that the object was not a paper, plastic or aluminum shape or other thermal nor that it was an aircraft canopy. The observation indicates that it was maintaining its orientation in space. Its course was parallel to the main axis of the ellipsoid - this destroyed my initial hypothesis that it was a sea-gull in thermal. A viewing of it is sketched in below:

The dotted line is a suggestion of an edge or something and was in the position shown. It was not of great contrast to the rest. Generally the small visual angle of the object and the brightness of the light reflecting on the contours was such that detail was difficult to determine. The quality of the light was of the same quality as the bottom of an aircraft, but I saw a distinct trail over a few minutes before the sighting with the same brilliant white reflected and had similarity in trying to pick out engine pods.

There was no smoke trail from the object, nor did I hear any unusual sound. There was somewhere within the usual range a reciprocating engined aircraft which I didn't see, but which was the cause of some of my looking up.

Three Fairchild military transport planes for formation over Woburn passing probably over Woburn Mass turning left in an easy climb before the sighting. They were out of aural range but plainly identifiable under the clouds - this should give an idea of the visibility at the time.

My qualifications as an observer are as follows: 200 hours as a pilot AFSC 11451 license, college graduate, holder of a series of jobs in armament research and development. I also spent three and a half years in Iran as a satellite observer for Smithsonian Institution/NASA. We were operating there an optical tracking station equipped with a standard baker-Nunn tracking camera. I am presently with a standard Baker-Nunn tracking camera. My eyesight, last tested in a rough test was 20-20.

I am available (after Thursday, June 4) by telephone:

Sincerely,

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

UFQ Sighting (26 May 64, Cambridge, Massachusetts)

Hq USAF SAFOI PB 
WASH D C 20330

1. We have received a letter from Professor Paul F. Rowe of the Massachusetts Research Foundation, 55 Iovonia Street, Brookline, Massachusetts, concerning a UFO sighting.

2. We are forwarding his letter to the Air Force consultant for Project Blue Book, Doctor J. Allen Hynek, for evaluation since he is well acquainted with the cause of the sighting. 

3. It is requested that you inform me of the result of this referral.

4. It is possible that Doctor Hynek is acquainted with the observer due to their Smithsonian/NASA association during the satellite tracking program.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

ERIC L. JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a typed letter or document.

Dr J Allen Hynek
Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Dr. Hynek:

Thank you for forwarding the letter which you have received referring to the observational data of the 9 May 64, Chicago sighting. This letter, as you know, was written by me and contained a request for additional information which I hope you will be able to obtain from the observers.

Sincerely,

DAVID T. BRADY
USAF OSAP

- page 10 -

