Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
6 Nov 64 07/0600Z

2. LOCATION
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma

3. SOURCE
civilian

10. CONCLUSION
1. Astro (Meteor)   2. Other (Rock)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
multiple

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Visual observation of meteor. Physical Specimen Analysis determined to be Rock. Boy observed meteor. Attempted to recover obj in nearby river bed. Obtained 23 pound sample and portion forwarded for analysis. Spectrographic and chemical analysis indicated that object did not have space residue.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
brief

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
ground visual

7. COURSE
falling

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
■ Yes
□ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

PTD (TDEN)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
18 January 1965

Hayden C Heves
Associate Director
HIOFO
3005 West Eubanks
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma

Dear Hayden,

This is in reply to your letter of 26 December 1964. We received the Ray Stanford motion picture. It was forwarded to Chicago, Illinois for duplication by Kodak and returned to us. The original film was sent to you, airmail, registered, special delivery on the 11th of January under Register Number 664380. We do hope that it arrived in the for your lecture on the 12th. The images on the Ray Stanford Film depicts clouds, a control and the planet Venus. In an independent evaluation of the movie the object was determined to be the planet Venus. Doctor J Allen Hynek has also evaluated the movie and he has determined the image to be the planet Venus. We appreciate your forwarding this film for our evaluation.

Regarding the fragments which you sent us on 9 November 1964. This fragment was forwarded and remain in the Post Office for approximately six weeks. There was an amount of postage due and we did not receive the packet in our shop until the 23rd of December. We submitted the fragment to ASD for analysis and the Bowser-Morner Testing Laboratories, Incorporation conducted the spectrographic Semi-Quantitative Analysis. The object was given preliminary tests and determined to have no space residue. The rock appears to be common to that portion of Oklahoma. A copy of the lab report is attached. Perhaps these events will clarify the statements in our letter of 11 December 1964 to you. No contact has been made with Doctor King or Doctor Hynek on this particular object. I would like to point out that meteor observations of this nature would be reported by many more observers and that should the object be a meteorite, the absence of sound would indicate that the impact point would be in excess of 300 miles from the point of observation.

The Fact Sheet is in the process of being printed. A courtesy copy will be forwarded to you upon completion. We are enclosing the statistics which will be included as attachments to the basic information.


- page 2 -

We are attaching a list of the UFO organizations and hobby clubs. We would appreciate any additions of which you are aware and/or comments regarding discontinuations of those no longer active.

Please feel free to publish any information regarding evaluations such as the Focus City sighting. Information regarding evaluations by the Air Force is always available to individuals and the press. It is good public relations practice for evaluations to appear in the newspaper. This does much to clarify reports and to eliminate doubt in the minds of some readers. The information supplied to you by our office regarding personal opinions and policy and data of this nature is for your information only, since all information regarding policy must be released through the Air Force rather than in the form of a personal letter.

Your six page article is being returned with a few comments by Sgt Moody. These comments are for your information and/or guidance in future articles. The following comments or points of information appear pertinent:

(1) The Air Force accepts only scientific fact regarding life and intelligence on other planets and does not engage in speculation.

(2) Information from almost 9,000 cases indicates that unidentified flying objects exist as reports of aircraft, balloons, stars, planets, missiles and a multitude of known conventional objects and phenomena. There has been no indication that these objects are from outer space under intelligent control. The letter of 23 Sep 47 did not state that UFOs are real, it requested an investigation to determine if they were real, and all official conclusions and all information to date indicates that given sufficient information a valid explanation for the cause of each report could be made.

(3) We would appreciate a statement of the information in your files which indicates that they are objects of interplanetary origin.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

5 Atchs
1. Analysis of Fragments
2. Statistics
3. Bibliography
4. List of Organizations
5. Six page article &
comments

2


- page 3 -

RESEARCH
INVESTIGATION
ANALYSIS

INTERPLANETARY INTELLIGENCE
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLA.
December 26, 1964

W. F. RIEFER
Director
H. C. HEWES
Associate Director
J. MANEY
Deputy Director

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
FTD (TSEN)
Box 9494
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Dear Major Quintanilla:

Thank you for your two most recent letters in answer
to my request. I hope your Christmas was a happy one.

I still have not heard from [redacted]. Will let you
know as soon as I do. Enclosed is the copy that was made
from the 16 mm movie that may sent me. Please return as
soon as possible because I will need it on January 12.
I am giving a lecture to a local community group (and
husbands) (Free, all I will let is may be some members)
I thought you might like to see the film for yourself.

On November 9, I sent you several fragments believed to
be a meteorite that I received from the Kirkpatrick Planetarium along with what information I had. Did you send
the fragments to Dr. King at NASA, or to Dr. Lynex? Dr.
King has the original 23 pound part and I forwarded several
fragments to Dr. Lynex. In your letter of 11 December
you suggested that you can analyze any specimens I may
forward. I do not understand one of your sentences.

I also suggested that samples of these fragments, as
there is a possibility that they are meteorites or tektites
indicated by Dr. King, be sent to Dr. Lynex. Have you
corresponded with Dr. King on this? Dr. King in a letter
to the Planetarium stated that he believed the fragments
to be meteorites or tektites. Meteorites has almost been
eliminated and the main belief is tektites, but in a letter
from Dr. King dated December 13 he stated the fragments
appears to be of ordinary scoriaceous small rocks, and not
to release any information on it.

I am looking forward to the new Fact Sheet.

Would it be possible to obtain a copy of the letter dated
September 28, 1947 and the list of 30 active organizations?


- page 4 -

I appreciate the information which you have sent and
you can be sure that it will not be published.

I did feel that a follow up story was due on the September
11, Toner City sighting, and the following article, prepared
on December 9. I told you while I was at Wright-Patterson,
that we would publish information of sightings as it
turned out to be and not drop the explained sightings as
NICAP does. I hope you do not mind. All future informa-
tion will not be released unless stated for release.

De sure to read the new issue of True. NICAP article
"U.S. Air Force Censorship of UFO Belief" is enclosed
is a copy of the article I sent to True, errors and all.
I do not believe they will publish it, but I had to state
the other side as I saw it. Writing articles is new for
me. Maybe in time they will get better.

[Partially illegible text] believes the UFO sighting at St. Petersburg
was a [illegible word]. (Statement in a letter to John) I
wrote about why she thought this, but have not re-
ceived a reply.

Must close for now.

Very truly yours,
Hayden C. Hewes
Associate Director
110 FO
3006 W. Bubarts


- page 5 -

RESEARCH
INVESTIGATION
ANALYSIS

INTERPLANETARY INTELLIGENCE
OF
FLYING UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS
OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLA.

W. F. RIEFER
Director
H. C. HEWES
Associate Director
J. MANEY
Deputy Director

November 9, 1964

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Hq FTD (AFSC)
Box 9494
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

Dear Major Quintanilla:

The enclosed newspaper article will give you information on the enclosed unknown particles. These were given to me by Mr. Dale Johnson of the Kirkpatric Planetarium (Oklahoma Science & Arts Foundation, Inc.
P.O.Box 5232, Oklahoma City).

I have talked with Dale and have a tape interview with the two boys. We have photographs of the main part of the Meteorite and of the landing area.

Let me know as soon as possible what the elements are identified as. The Planetarium was also interested in a copy of the analysis.

Thanks...

Truly yours,
Hayden C. Hewes
Associate Director
3005 W. Eubanks


- page 6 -

Meteorite Gave City Boy Once In A Lifetime Show

By FRANK LEE

Preliminary analysis of 23 pounds of matter, which purportedly hurtled from space to earth late Friday night, indicates there is a very strong possibility a 16-year-old Rick Barnes, 3020 SW 53, witnessed an occurrence seldom seen in most lifetimes.

About midnight Friday Rick was in front of his home near his car when he looked to the sky and saw a shooting star flash downward. Next he saw a shower of sparks. He bought this to the attention of Dale Johnson of the Kirk Planetarium, this might possibly have been the case.

Rick, though it hit the ground-not-too-far-from-his home.

Early Saturday morning Rick and a friend, Bruce Basherville of 512 S. Monte Place, began searching in the area he thought his "meteorite" had hit.

Near the 3500 block of SW 53, Rick and Bruce found what they thought to be "meteorite" half submerged among some debris in a shallow creek. Dale Johnson came out, from the planetarium to examine the find.

Having studied the 23 pounds of matter over the weekend, Johnson said it appears very possible Rick Barnes actually did find the remains of a meteorite.

Johnson said the planetarium is not equipped to make tests he has been able to make to indicate the matter discovered by Rick and Bruce has existed at extremely high temperatures.

The area where the hardened, lava-like mass was found had been burned and charred by intense heat. Johnson explained that meteorites fall into three general classifications. One has a very high nickel-iron content.

Others are composed of siliceous or stony material "Another kind consists of siliceous material with only traces of metal." Johnson believes this story variety is what Rick and Bruce found.

Johnson said Rick has donated all but a small piece of his "meteorite" to Kirk and Bruce, and he's keeping for a memento and to show in his school science class.


- page 7 -

Letterhead text:
Oklahoma Science & Arts Foundation, Inc.
N. W. 16th & May Ave.
P. O. Box 1737
Oklahoma City 7, Oklahoma

Handwritten text:
Fragments for identification
November 7th discovery


- page 8 -

BOWSER-MORNER Testing Laboratories, Inc.
420 DAVIS AVENUE
MAIL ADDRESS P.O. BOX 51
DAYTON, I, OHIO
PHONE: 253-8805

LABORATORY REPORT
Report to: University of Cincinnati - Cincinnati, Ohio
Report on: Spectrographic Semi-Quantative Analysis
Laboratory No: 616507     Your Marks: P.O. No. 31984

Sample Identification:     4-1959

Calcium                   6.00
Copper                    .02
Magnesium                 2.5
Silicon                   29.0
Iron                      9.0
Nickel                    .02
Sodium                    1.0
Aluminum                  4.00
Manganese                 .15
Titanium                  1.50
Zirconium                 .05
Molybdenum                .01
Vanadium                  Trace
Barium                    .03
Strontium                 .03
Chromium                  .10

Respectfully submitted,
BOWSER-MORNER Testing Laboratories, Inc.

[Signature of Spectrographer]
Spectrographer

Client - 3
File - 1
Sl/bb

[Seal with scales of justice]

As a Mutual Protection to Clients, the Public and Ourselves, All Reports Are Submitted as the Confidential Property of Clients.


- page 9 -

SUBORDER (Ref ASDR 50-4)

1. (Originating Element) MPGA
2. DATE 28 Dec 64
3. FILE OR LEDGER NO.
4. INITIATING ELEMENT
5. DATE COMPLETION REG. 6. PRIORITY
7. SECURITY CLASSIFICATION UNCLASSIFIED 8. PRECEDENCE RATING
9. WORK REQUEST

10. AVE TYPE, MODEL AND SERIAL NO.

PROJECT NO. 6800
PROGRAM STRUCTURE OTHER

11. DESCRIPTION OF WORK
DETERMINE COMPOSITION OF SAMPLE
1. Spectrographs
2. X-ray Diffraction

12. INITIATED BY
Ser Morey 66378
FTD (TDEN) 6926

13. APPROVED BY

14. ESTIMATED COMPLETION
DATE

15. CHIEF (Responsible Element)

16. PROJECT ENGINEER OR PLANNER
C. D. C.
Capt Sim

17. REASON
COMPLETED ☐ CANCELLED ☐

18. DATE COMPLETED 1-12-65

19. CHIEF (Supporting Element)

20. CHIEF (Supervising Element)
Walter Shenney
Capt 464th

21. CHIEF (Responsible Element)

ASD FORM
DEC 61 49


- page 10 -

Meteorite Recovered

Bruce Baskerville, left, 5312 S. Monte Pl., and Rick Banes, center, 3020 SW 53rd Pl., listen as Dale Johnson, staff member at Kirkpatrick planetarium, points out a piece of what is believed to be a meteorite. The boys found it in southwest Oklahoma City Saturday. The piece of material weighs 23 pounds.

23-Pound Meteorite
Found In City Field

Two teenage boys Saturday found what is believed to be a 23-pound meteorite.

Baskerville, 5312 S. Monte Pl., found the meteorite Saturday morning in an open field. He said he went out to his car about this time and saw a "shooting star". flashdown.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

which apparently fell to the
earth in Southwest Oklahoma
City Friday night.

The boys, Rick Barnes,
3020 SW 53, and Bruce

field in the 3500 block near
SW 53.

Barnes said he saw the
object fall about midnight
Friday.

The next morning, he said,
he and Blakeville searched
the vacant field where Barnes
said the meteorite appeared
to have fallen.

They said they searched
water on some debris in a
creek which cuts across the
field.

The "falling star" was not
picked up on radar at Tinker
AFB but several persons reported seeing the flash of
light around midnight.

Dale Johnson, Kirkpatrick
Planetarium staff member,
said he went to the field
and the spot the boys
indicated they had found the
material.

Johnson said water in the
creek in which the meteorite
landed apparently had been
much higher when the rock
struck, due to heavy rains
Friday.

He said he found the
sandchichthemeteoric
charred from the intense
heat, even though completely under water.

Thompson, an amateur
astronomer and science
major, said other pieces of
rock were found in the field
Sunday. Two places, one
smaller and apparently the
leading edge of the
"meteorite," were found containing a larger chunk
which weighed 21 pounds, and the
smaller two pounds.

He said this could be one
variety of meteorite called
a "stoney" and they plan
to take a cross section of
the material for verification.

He said a crater might be
found in the field where an
even larger chunk could have
fallen.

"We plan to try to get some
idea in here to determine
if it is a meteorite," Thompson said.

Caption for image: This Is The Spot
Dale Johnson lifts piece of "meteorite" from charred debris
in creek bed in Southwest Oklahoma City. Two boys found
the piece of material in the field after one of them saw a
"shooting star" about midnight Friday.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Kirkpatrick Planetarium's Dale Johnson examines a meteorite that fell in southwest Oklahoma City.

Planetarium Probing

Fiery Cinders
Unique Find?

By Jack Taylor

A 23-pound cinder, that "there are only about half in southwest Oklahoma" - might possibly be a "rare find," almost positively identified as part of a meteorite that crashed to earth during a heavy Jody meteor shower, was brought to the Kirkpatrick Planetarium said Wednesday.

"From all indications," said Dale Johnson, geologist and assistant director of the planetarium, "this is what it is."

He's Solid. Privately, Johnson says the meteorite contains matter that tells from its composition of Taurus, although from not that direction.

Officially, Johnson said he is waiting for final confirmation from experts in the direction field.

(Continued From Page 1)

of the pieces over to the planetarium.

The suspected meteorite generated interest with an Oklahoma City organization called Interplanetary Intelligence of Unidentified Flying Objects (IOUFO). Hayden C. Hewes, associate director of the IOUFO, has sent a fragment of the cinder to W.T.R.Patterson Air Base in hopes of obtaining a military evaluation.

Hewes also is planning to conduct a search Saturday of a 300 acre area surrounding the spot where the cinder was found. He hopes by finding more particles of the suspected meteorite, and possibly a larger piece, to aid in the original find Johnson says in his possible.

Report on Way:
Johnson sent a detailed report Wednesday to Dr. H. H. Nininger, Sedona, Ariz, meteorite expert, in an attempt to gain his interest and opinion.

He also plans to write to an expert on so-called "green type" of meteoritic phenomenon. And he plans to obtain a chemical analysis, probably by cross-section.

The Oklahoma City find tentatively has been

(See FIERY, Page 3)

The cinder was spotted by Rick Barnes, 3200 SW 53, as it shot downward, leaving a trail of light late Friday night. Barnes also saw it crash near a rocky creek bottom which was left scorched by the cinders.

Other witnesses reported seeing it fall to earth.

Barnes and another youth, Bruce Baskerville, 3212 S. Monte, PI. observed the object and other portions—one broken to pound—and tarred most

(See FIERY, Page 2)


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Information Only
Source: Interplanetary Intelligence Report
November, 1965, Vol. 1, No. 4

Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
November 6, 1964

Oklahoma City's Rare
Visitor From Space

Little did Rick Barnes realize that before the night of November 6th he was ever to witness an occurrence so rare in most of his life. About midnight Mr. Barnes went out to his car and observed a "shooting star" about the size of a basketball go overhead. It made no sound, was a blue-green in color and disappeared behind a row of houses. Next he saw an explosion. The first question that entered his mind was, "What had landed?"

Early the next morning with the help of a good friend, Mr. Bruce Backerville, they searched the 300 acre area there they thought a crater, which could be the impact point, might be found. Looking object half submerged in the creek.

A telephone call was placed to the Kirkpatrick Planetarium and Mr. Dale Johnson went out to investigate. The main object weighed approximately 21 pounds. A search of the area the following day by a team 136" in which over 800 small fragments were found. Approximately 800 yards were searched and 300 fragments were found in the street which apparently broke off during the last moments of flight.

Preliminary analysis of the 21 pound object indicated the mass to be meteoric. The strong possibility it was a meteorite. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration at Houston, Texas, as a result of a very preliminary examination by X-ray diffraction and optical methods showed the specimen met no meteorite, fine rock men appeared to be a "basic" similar to ordinary "basalt" surface lava flows in New Mexico. Also preliminary examination by the Smithsonian Institution, United State National Museum in Washington classified it as an artificial product or a meteoric semi-quantitative analysis by the U.S. Air Force identified the 16 elements.

The Smithsonian Institution suggested that the wrong object had been recovered. So the case was reopened and a fragment that was recovered from the small scientific panel sent to NOAA was examined by Professor of mining and geology at the University of North Dakota.

I have advanced the study of the specimen sent in by you as in the material tested. I simply ran out of the white material before completing the rock before completing. There was, however, enough of the "hard rock" phase to complete the examination.

METEORITE FRAGMENT
Photo by G. V. Crisfield

23


- page 14 -

Information Only:
Source: Interp
Novemb

City, Oklahoma
, 1964

The fragment was 5/16 lb or an inch thick, gray in color, coarse in structure and with amydals of a friable white material. All in all, your specium resembled closely what I know in terminological petro-graphy as "amygdaloidal melaphyre."

The form has now become antiquated since it embodies rocks of rather wide variation in composition.

When examined under a binocular microscope at 40 X magnification, the walls of cavities were found to be lined with calcite crystals in mosaic, this fact according for rather strong magnetism of the specimen. Such cavities were filled with airily: white mass which obviously consisted of several minerals: two or more white ones, some limonite (yellow power) and rater well formed crystals of forsterite (Olivene). A detailed examination was made and placed onto this fragment of cold beam completely dissolved the white minerals and decomposed the olivine. This dissolution was accompanied with a vigorous efflorescence including presence of carbonic acid radicals. Calcium and sodium were identified chemically in that drop of solution but the time drop has been consumed.

After the above mentioned acid treatment, the specimen was washed and a thin section prepared from its slice of the rock only 0.0012 of an inch thick and sealed between glass plates.

Since in preparation of this this section the passage of the rock were ground to a mere outline, magnetic lining such cavities has become all but ground off. The mass of the rock then showed to consist of: Ur-banite, which is a manganese rick reagine. Clinoenstatite, forsterite (dark green) and one fairly large rhomb with isotropic (dark) core. Unidentified fine grained material-NOT glass.

I may add that both urbanite and clinoenstatite are monochlin pyroxenes. The rhomb of plagioclase was possibly orthoclase formed at the expense of whatever existed at the core of that grain.

The above mentioned composition does not fit any form in classification of terrestrial rocks. We cannot call it "amygdaloidal olivine basalt" since the specimen contains very little plagioclase and no feldspathoids. Therefore, I will use the older and now antiquated name of "amygdaloidal metaphyre" to approximately define this rock.

I have entertained several intriguing speculations in regard to pre-evidence of that specimen. I think that we can rule out the possibility that you picked up some meteorite fragments that accidentally came scattered by the impact of that meteorite. To the best of my knowledge, metaphyres do not crop in vicinity of Oklahoma City. Also, the fragments were much too fresh to have laid for years on the surface of the Earth.

The fragments like the one I have could not have chipped off a spalled off the outer surface of a meteorite since the minerals of the fragments were not altered by heat of friction between the air and the rushing meteorite. The filling of cavities would have been destroyed-calcite fused to beads.

The possibility that would probably lit best is that meteorite was originally quite bit larger and that its outer portions spalled off. This fragment thus came from the interior of the meteorite where the meteorite was cracking due to sudden expansion of heated crust. Fragments corresponding to the heated areas would be found in such a location.

To my knowledge it is the second occurrence of amygdaloidal melaphyre among meteorites but then our knowledge of meteorites is rather scant-only about 1600 meteorites have been catalogued so far.

24


- page 15 -

Meteorite Gave City Boy Once In A Lifetime Show
By FRANK LEE

Preliminary analysis of 23 pounds of matter, which purposedly buried from space to earth late Friday night, indicates there is a very strong possibility 16-year-old Rick Barnes, 3020 SW 53, witnessed an occurrence seldom seen in most lifetimes.

About midnight Friday Rick was in front of his home near his car when he looked to the sky and saw a shooting star flash downward.

Next he saw a shower of sparks. He thought his brother Patrick, of the Dale Planetarium, this might possibly have been the case.

Rick thought it in the ground - not too far from his home.

Early Saturday morning Rick and a friend, Bruce Basserville of 5312 S. Monte Place, began searching a vacant field in the area he thought his "meteorite" had hit.

Near the 3500 block of SW 53 what they thought to be the "meteorite" half submerged among some debris in a shallow creek. Dale Johnson came out from the planetarium to examine the find.

Having studied the 23 pounds over the past weekend Johnson said it appears very possible Rick and Bruce Basserville did find the remains of a meteorite.

Johnson said the planetarium is not equipped to make a complete analysis but what tests he has been able to make indicate the matter discovered by Rick and Bruce had an extremely high temperature.

The area where the hardened, lava-like mass was found had been burned and charred by intense heat.

Johnson explained that meteorites fall into three general classifications. One has a very high nickel-iron content.

Others are composed of siliceous (or stony) material and metal. Another kind consists of siliceous material with mostly of siliceous metal. Johnson believes this stony variety is what Rick and Bruce found.

Johnson said Rick has donated all but a small piece of his "meteorite" to the Rick Patrick Planetarium. The small piece he's keeping for a memento and to show in his school science class.


- page 16 -

