PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
16 Apr 64

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1930
GMT 19/0300Z

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5-8 Minutes

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Sighting at dusk through BX. Obj. appeared to be three stars together forming a triangle. Motion erratic. Appeared to be breaking up, like a red spark that burned out. Looked as bright as meteor at first, white. Obj. was observed in flight in the Base on the horizon and rising. Disappearance at 45 deg elevation.

2. LOCATION
Manassas, Virginia

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
■ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

6. SOURCE
Civilian

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
three/one

9. COURSE
Rising NE

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon

□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft

□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical

■ Other: ROSS Research
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

11. COMMENTS
*Dim direction at alt. wrong for balloon type obs. unless obj. appeared to rise to the N. Wallops Island located at 120 deg 82. from Manassas, Virginia. Sighting more likely based with activities from this location in view of initial appearance of meteor and the rising. Also poss. balloon launched for atmospheric studies from this location.

ATC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 59)


- page 1 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was? _____________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) _______
e. At sea
f. Other _____________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North            e. South
b. Northeast        f. Southwest
c. East             g. West
d. Southeast        h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No        f. Binoculars     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No        g. Telescope      Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No        h. Theodolite     Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No        h. Other ___________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words, a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The last question (26) is cut off at the bottom of the page]


- page 2 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, the "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? _________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
    Last Name           First Name           Middle Name
ADDRESS
    Street                City                Zone    State
TELEPHONE NUMBER                 AGE                 SEX

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    Day             Month             Year


- page 4 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Blank spaces for Day, Month, Year]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
[Mostly illegible handwritten text in this section]

Page 7 is visible in the top right corner of the document.


- page 5 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDFCC/Major George Mills/57223                                   1 May 1964
SUBJECT: Unidentified Aerial Phenomenon

TO: TDEW

1. Reference: Sighting of 18 April 1964 1930L near Manassas, Virginia. The time, location and description suggest this may have been the 19 April 0030Z radiosonde release from Washington, D.C.

2. Supporting facts

    a. The radiosonde train consists of a balloon, a radiosonde package and another intermediate object. Oscillations of the radiosonde package may cause the entire train to take a triangular shape from time to time.

    b. The release time of the radiosonde train preceded the sighting sufficiently to allow a climb to an altitude consistent with the sighting angle.

    c. Sunset for the area occurred at 1849 local time followed by 30 minutes of twilight. At the sighted altitude the radiosonde would first be bathed in direct sunlight. As sunset occurs for the higher elevation the radiosonde would be bathed in more of the red light from the sun. This might account for the observed color change. The time and altitude were correct for this transition. There were no weather systems and few clouds to the west which also permits this sequence. (High clouds, cirrus, often show this same color change at sunrise or sunset).

    d. The trajectory of the radiosonde train is determined by the following winds:

    1000 foot levels    Direction from which    Speed knots
    2-12                250                     20
    14                  270                     25
    30                  290                     40
    35                  310                     40
    40                  300                     35
    50                  280                     40

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!


- page 6 -

(e.g., 270 degrees is a wind from the west, 250 degrees is from south of west). The rise rate is 1000 feet per minute. The 250 degree winds would carry the radiosonde train into the NE quadrant which would appear to the observer as a movement to the north. The apparent motion would be more noticeable than that caused by the higher winds which occurred at higher elevations and from the NW quadrant. At this later time the distance of the radiosonde from the observer reduces the apparent motion.

3. No explanations of this nature are conclusive but there is enough consistency between Mr. and the supporting data above to make our hypothesis plausible. Please let me know if more detailed analysis is required.

GEORGE MILLS II
Major, USAF
Meteorologist

2


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

TO: HELEN

REMARKS:
THE ATTACHED LETTER IS TO BE UTILIZED ON WHICH TO BASE A REPLY TO THIS GENTLEMEN. I TALKED TO YOU ON THE PHONE ABOUT THIS. I FIGURED THAT MAY MILES USES THE WORDS MAY AND MIGHT. SUGGEST YOU LEAVE THESE OUT.

THANK YOU
SGT OBERHOUR

FROM: [blank]
DATE: [blank]
PHONE: [blank]

DD FORM 95
1 OCT 60

Replaces DD Form 94, 1 Feb 50 and DD Form 96,
1 Feb 50 which will be used until exhausted.


- page 8 -

May 13, 1964

Dear Mr.

This letter is in further reference to the sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object you reported seeing on April 18, 1964.

The time, location and description of this sighting coincide with the release of a radiosonde balloon in the Washington, D.C. area.

The radiosonde train consists of a balloon, a radiosonde package and another intermediate object. Oscillations of the radiosonde package may cause the entire train to take a triangular shape from time to time. The release time of the radiosonde train preceded the sighting sufficiently to allow a climb to an altitude consistent with the sighting angle.

Sunset for this area occurred at 5:49 p.m. local time. Followed by 30 minutes of twilight. At the sighted altitude the radiosonde would first be bathed in direct sunlight. As sunset occurs for the higher elevation, the radiosonde would be bathed in more of the red light from the sun. This accounts for the observed color changes. The time and altitude were correct for this transition. Also, the winds at that time would have carried the radiosonde train into the NE quadrant which would appear to you as a movement to the north.

It is hoped that this information will answer your query. Thank you for reporting this sighting to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr.
George Washington Station
Alexandria, Virginia


- page 9 -

Here's the text I can read from the document:

11 APR.

Form 164

from
to
3a Coast Station

(blk) 28

Encl.
Incl. near Manassas, Va.

Note: Some text is obscured by black redaction marks, so those portions are not fully legible.

There is also a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be an airplane or aircraft with a propeller on the right side of the document.


- page 10 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information, after you give it, will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Blank spaces for Day, Month, Year]

2. Time of day:
[Blank spaces for Hour and Minutes]
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Blank space for Nearest Postal Address, City or Town, State or Country]

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
[Blank spaces for Hours, Minutes, Seconds]
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ___ No ___

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the Sun located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   4. To your left
             b. In back of you    5. Overhead
             c. To your right     6. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch-dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank lines]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 12 -

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.


- page 13 -

