Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
11 July 64, 19/2030

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 hours

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

2. LOCATION
New Iberia, Louisiana

10. CONCLUSION
Astronomical (PLANET)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observed unusual object rose NW. Sky was clear. Bright, heavy, large. Object seemed to hover. Witness located in New Iberia.

FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Office of Public Information
Department of the Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Sir:

I am writing this letter to report a U.F.O. sighting which was observed in New Iberia, La. on July 11, 1964. A copy of the report, but was on mention at the time.

There was no moon and it was very too cloudy. There was a bright Mr. Cauliflower called me outside to show him something. He said in last year while an object or star for a long while. He noticed a strange colored object in the sky. The colors (red, white, and green) were clearly visible. As I looked, it was a star. But this I could see it was quite different. Also it was doing things that I could not explain. It was four corners and 45 deg. Twice again, area 12, 13, 17, 20 and I noticed out of the telescope as it did its move a stop and we could not place the object in its. You will note with the enclosed clearly and clearly are the object. To me it appeared as a glowing jet with red and green lights. It was all through the town to drive, and was not partly, and was not a cloud. One time through the telescope it looked like a round ball and was bright. It was lighted down and was circular. Sometimes the red light would circle up to 1920 p.m. then normal. My Grand-father was in the light business and called me, and we watched it from 11:20 p.m. to 1:20 a.m. Several times we could see a clear outline. One time I could see a distinct outline of the object. Another time I called the whole town to the west. On July 12 at 8 p.m. I saw a UFO again that the fireworks were the same.

Thank you for your time and trouble. With best regards, I'm

Sincerely yours,
[Signature redacted]


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

BILOXI, MISSISSIPPI
July 21, 1964

Office of Public Information
Department of the Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Sir,

I am writing this letter to report what observed in the 11 P.M., or late night, July 17, 1964 version.

There was no moon out the sky was! My Grandfather called me outside to show something in the sky. Now I will tell what I saw. I could see a bright object which I had previously sighted before. This object was hovering near a tree. The first time I looked it was about 11:15 P.M. Also it was doing all my form could do. Other things: Object was 15. We got the binoculars and a telescope out of the closet. Looked at object in it. We all took turns with the object. To me it appeared as a round I did not-know-what to call it.

On the ground, the object was located near a house. It was going to crash as it was headed down and was spinning. Sometimes the red light would flare up much brighter than normal. My Grandfather saw the object from 10:30 P.M. to 11:30 P.M. Several times we called the local TV news. Once the wife was with me. I made a long distance call to Lafayette. Also Static and other reports it was a "what". The object was about 200 feet from the house. I saw it from different points of VL. North of a UFO and other observations of the same.

Thanks for your time and trouble. With best regards, I am

Sincerely yours,

The document also contains two hand-drawn sketches of what appears to be a UFO, with notes about light and movement.


- page 3 -

Office of Public Information
Department of the Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.


- page 4 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

6 August 1964

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDBW
SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO: HQ USAF SAFOI PB (Mrs. Geisel)
Wash D C 20330

1. Reference the attached letter from _______ requesting
information on unidentified flying objects. Records indicate previous
correspondence from _______, Mississippi.

2. It appears that his observation was caused by a star or planet.
However, positional data was not included in the original letter. It
is suggested that an RTD Form 164 be forwarded to Mr. _______ for
additional information.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of Colonel, USAF]
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
End Subsystems

1 Atch
a/s


- page 5 -

August 13, 1964

Dear [redacted]:

This is in reply to your letter of July 31, 1964, in which you reported an Unidentified Flying Object over New Iberia, Louisiana on July 11, 1964.

The UFO you observed may possibly have been a star or plane; however, since you did not include positional data in your letter, we are including Form 164, U.S. Technical Information sheet and request that you complete all the questions and forward to this headquarters in the attached self-addressed envelope.

Upon receipt of this Form 164, our Project Office at Wright Patterson Air Force Base will again attempt to determine the exact cause of your sighting.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Enclosure

[redacted]
Biloxi, Mississippi


- page 6 -

Case 31 July 1964

July 29, 1953

Dear Mr.

The Air Force entered into a research and development contract with Avro Aircraft Ltd., of Canada, to study possible military use of what is known as "the ground effect" vehicle. This vehicle did have a saucer-like shape due to use of the "ducted fan principles" as a means of propulsion. Over several million dollars was spent in this area of research and when they completed their work in December 1961, they determined that they no possible military application. Above an altitude of four to no possible military application. The vehicle was dangerously unstable to the ground with ropes to be conducted with the machine anchored to the ground.

Material on unidentified aerial phenomena is enclosed for your information.

Sincerely,

Attachment                                 MASTON M. JACKS
                                           Major, USAF
                                           Public Information Division
                                           Office of Information

Mr.
Biloxi, Miss.


- page 7 -

New Iberia, Louisiana
July 15, 1959

Dear Sir:

I would appreciate it very much if you could send me any available information on flying saucers.

Also I have read in a book (published 1958) that the U.S. is developing a saucer in Canada. I would appreciate it if you could give me information you have available on that.

Thank you for your time and trouble.

Sincerely,

P.S.
If you do not have the information above I would like very much to receive addresses to where I could get such information.


- page 8 -

Office of Public Information
Department of the Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

There is also a partially obscured text at the top left of the document and a stamp/marking in the top right corner of the document.


- page 9 -

