There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form, containing various fields for recording information about a UFO sighting.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 9 MAY 64, 10/04/232
2. LOCATION: Chicago, Illinois
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Three
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 Seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: West
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: UNIDENTIFIED

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: See Case File

- page 1 -

There is no photograph included in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text only.

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
15 November 1954

Major Hector Quintanilla
Foreign Technology Division
Box 357
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

As you see from the enclosed copy of the letter to Mr. Case of 9 May 1958, I had quite a long talk with him on the phone, and he was quite impressed by this case and admitted that he was honored that we were spending any time on it at all. 

His story was still very much the same as he gave in the original report. There are some minor changes of the highlights of conversation.

He was most impressed by the oscillating motion of the crescents; he said it was "most peculiar." He was both trembling and perspiring when it was over. I asked him to re-enact the sequence and check it with his watch, and when he did so, he indicated the whole duration was three to five seconds. His original report, I believe (although I don't have it at the moment), said something like twenty seconds, didn't it? He said the experience was very vividly like a photograph planted in his mind, but still finds no explanation. When I asked him what he would put up in the sky to simulate the situation, he said he'd put three moons as seen through a fog as he was particularly impressed by the motion and yet seeming to vanish in the distance. This seems to me very characteristic of an after-image, but I don't know, you try the faster it dances away.

He said he was on the phone within five minutes to the Tribune and the Planetarium and, I believe, he also said to Wright-Patterson. He said the night was exceptionally clear. "One of those once a year nights." As any question of searchlights against a high cirrus is out. He is convinced they were not aircraft, and the objects were apparently of third magnitude. His eyes were dark-adapted.

He said they have mercury lights in the neighborhood, and another possible explanation is that he saw lights reflected from the bottoms of some birds, but I don't particularly like that explanation. He said that as soon as it happened, he "immediately knew he had seen something extraordinary."

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, containing only text.

Transcribing the text from the document:

When he told me, however, that just before that he had been looking at the setting discs of his telescope, illuminating them with a red light, it seemed that we might have the explanation there, as you see I have indicated in my letter to him.

So, all in all, the fuzzy edges, the greenish tinge, the faintness of the object, the irregular motion, and the fact that the witness was looking at a red light just before the incident, all point to the conclusion, it seems to me, that what he has described could have been caused by the red light over and suddenly straightened up. Anyway, I don't think we should think this up to anything really out of the ordinary, and unless he comes back with a very sharp and cogent denial, I think we might well evaluate this as a subjective experience, possibly after-images caused by watching a red light.

I'm working on the Julie, Mr. Vernon, and the _______ cases. I haven't been able to locate the Northwestern student as yet. One final thing in the case, it was he himself who brought up the suggestion that it might have been caused by the red light. Usually when the witness brings up a suggestion like that, it often means he's pretty convinced himself that that is what it was.

Sincerely,

J. Allen Hynek

JAH:mf
enclosures

- page 3 -

There is no photograph or image present in this page. This appears to be a scanned document containing text only.

10 December 1964

CHICAGO 4, ILLINOIS

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

This is a rather belated reply to your letter of November 18, but that's the way it is.

I had to agree with you as to the inadequacy of the after-image interpretation. This has been a recurrent problem of course.

One thing occurred to me in your letter too, and I suggest it only in order to put on the table some possible interpretations, you though I realize there are others. Could possibly be that certain distortions in the photograph could have been due to some electrostatic conditions - in other words, a kind of non-natural image. This may only be a wild guess because, again, I don't really know what you think about this possible interpretation. I do not offer it as necessarily the correct solution, but only as a possible line of speculation.

Let me know what you think about this possible interpretation. I do not offer it to contradict your own thinking. I did let me think about it and that is the after-effect of our job. I do feel that open-minded consideration of all possibilities is highly important in this kind of investigation. Our job is not only to examine the facts, but to be open to every reasonable possibility. I am sure you would agree with me on that.

Sincerely yours,
J. Allen Hynek

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in the shared image. This appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the output of the OCR system for the text found in the document:

Dear Dr. Hynek,

I was honored and pleased to hear from you today in writing concerning the May 9th phenomenon we have discussed.

May particular reason for writing is because, as is often the case, the phenomenon discussed in several reports is an effort we had spoken of on the telephone some time ago.

As a preliminary, I think we had established that the most striking elements of this phenomenon were the following: 

1. Oscillating or pulsating a series of points or small areas of light (you may wonder why pointing so illustrate in my drawing - if you had wondered, only to point out and assist rather than to claim anything I have never once considered this as an extra-terrestrial phenomenon).

I have never once considered this as an extra-terrestrial occurrence; the monogent is either identical information or explanation: that the appearance was bold and vivid and above all such things.

I think I should tell you that I am regarded as a cynie and I tend to pooh-pooh myths, superstitions, dogmatic religious beliefs, and so on that it becomes difficult to be taken seriously. However, immediately began making phone calls, sending telegrames and writing letters seeking some source of corroboration or explanation.

Without hoping to enhance the mystery, or to perpetuate it, may I observe that it seems to me the appearance was so vivid and the interpretation so detailed and particular may I with deference list them for you.  

1. The appearance occurred almost a full minute after I had turned off my red flashlight; 2. My setting circles were visible, changing diameters and ceasing with a glance-not requiring concentrated lights or squinting: 3. Have a finish you would have to use a magnifying glass to detect, yet these objects raced into my vice from the east, travelling apparently at a speed which I first saw them pass out of the corner of my eye and had to turn-around my seat to observe as they went out of the corner of my eye.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document discussing the "after-image theory" and observations of red lights in the sky. The document mentions that the author has "tried repeatedly to recheck" the information and has found the observations to be consistent with "good transparency" and nothing anomalous. The author seems to be addressing this letter to someone, expressing appreciation for their time and consideration.

Here is the text of the document:

eliminate the after-image theory, as appealing as it is, since my experience with after-image has been that the spurious object will always appear where the original light source was and never at the true position of the light source which the eye retains and transposes.

I think the main misunderstanding, leading to the after-image theory, was that I had used the red flashing light and then immediately looked up into the sky. If this were the case it would be quite consistent to have dismissed the whole matter without another thought, since after-image is such a familiar experience to all of us.

As I believe I remarked, I have tried repeatedly to recheck this sighting, and I give a complete report on the nights when the sky has been of good transparency, and there has been nothing of the sort observed.

Still, in all, considering that after-image of red light is almost invariably present, that the crescet shape, the exact contour of a flashlight shown on setting circles from some distance, being semi-circles on the sky being intense-ly black, and being an experienced observer, the conclusion is irresistible and I think you can close the case on that note.

But damn that series oscillating! I list it as the number one factor, please remember, and it stalling alone would be sufficient to have launched all this inquiry.

Oh well. I wish to thank you sincerely for allowing me to impose on your valuable time. It is certainly a mark of greatness common to men of your standing that you will entertain even the occasional cranks you encounter, back yard astronomer such as I.

Very truly yours,

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As per the instructions, I will act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and produce the text found in the document.

May 11, 1964

Unit for Investigation of UFOs 
(Unidentified Flying Objects)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen:

I believe I am addressing this letter to the proper authorities but I do not know how to route it by organization. May I request it be directed to the unit responsible for investigating so-called UFOs. 

I am similarly contacting the Chicago Adler Planetarium, Chicago Tribune Newspaper and Sky & Telescope Magazine, Cambridge, Massachusetts.

Phenomenon Observed
Date: May 9, 1964; Time: 11:23 P.M. Central Daylight Saving Time; Place: South-western Chicago, Illinois; Visibility: Excellent, Cloud-less.

Narration: Appearance of 3 large, light-green crescents observed at high speed from east to west. South of star constellation Leo; Approx. 40-50 seconds travelling duration; after transit of approx. 1/4 of south-western sky.

Further details: Size: Each object approx. 1-2 diameter of moon. Brilliance: Approximately 3rd magnitude (dim but large). Oscillating in size & color: form, slightly nebulous. Objects held position in tight formation as shown in sketch attached.

Please note the following customary explanations excluded: Presence of planet Venus, searchlights bouncing off clouds, aircraft navigation lights, meteors or satellite re-entry, optical effects such as auto headlights, aircraft landing lights, etc.

May I respectfully request acknowledgment of receipt of this letter - I do not ask for explanations since I understand this is not customarily done.

C.C. Adler Planetarium 
Sky & Telescope Mag.

Very truly yours,

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to the investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) by the Unit for Investigation of UFOs / Unidentified Flying Objects at the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio.

Unit for Investigation of UFOs / Unidentified Flying Objects
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document.

Dr J Allen Hynek
Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Allen,

I am returning the letters from Torbett Davis to you. We have forwarded a copy of the 6 May letter indicating per your request that we make no further analysis of the 25 May Cambridge, Mass sighting. Torbett Davis has attached (7?) a house in his present and would appreciate your analysis at your earliest convenience in order that we may be able to reply to the observer.

Sincerely,

DAVID N MOODY
TSGT USAF

- page 9 -

The image appears to contain hand-drawn diagrams and sketches, but no photographs. I will now proceed to extract all the text visible in the document.

(Leo)
|
|
|
|
|
|

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document regarding a UFO sighting in Chicago, Illinois on May 6th.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

UFO Sighting (9 May 64, Chicago, Illinois)

Hq USAF SAFOT PB (Mrs Gaisor)
Wash D C 20330

1. We have received a report of an unidentified flying object sighting by Mr.          , Chicago, Illinois, 60604. 

2. This report is being forwarded to Doctor J Allen Hynek, Air Force Consultant, Blue Book, for his analysis and determination of the referral of his letter to Doctor Hynek and that he will be informed of our evaluation on this phenomenon.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC R. JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
(Deputy for Technology
and Systems)

"YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!"

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter or document from the Project Blue Book archives.

July 22, 1964

Dear Mr. --,

This is in reference to a report of an unidentified flying object you forwarded to the Astronomy Department at Northwestern University.

Due to the astronomical nature of your report, it is being considered by Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Chief Consultant of the Astronomy Department at Northwestern University. You will be advised in the near future concerning this report.

Sincerely,

MASTON H. JACKS
Major, USAF
Chief, Information Division

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, containing only handwritten text.

OCR Output:

14 November 1954

Chicago, Illinois

Dear Mr. --- ----,

Your letter of 6 November has been received and read with much interest. I can well understand your concern and desire for some reasonable explanation for it. But there are some things which I cannot find it possible to talk about through the mails, particularly those relating to the strange experience you had. It raises many questions in my mind which I would like to discuss with you, but I shall not be able to do so through correspondence.

The facts that you relate seem so fantastic and incredible that it is hard to know what to make of them. Yet I find it hard to believe they are completely without foundation. In a sense, your experience has been a subjective one, and it is difficult objectively to evaluate such occurrences. I can only say that based on reports which have come to me in the past, I am not surprised at the general nature of your story. There have been many similar experiences, and I would be inclined to believe that there is somethin g to this business that needs looking into. At the same time, I must confess that I am puzzled and perplexed as to the real significance of it all, and I cannot pretend to have any final answers.

As I see it, the important thing is not to let your own experience daunt or discourage you. I think you should continue to ponder it and seek such light as you can find. Do not be too quick to interpret it, and do not be afraid to admit that there are many things we do not understand. The frontiers of knowledge are constantly being expanded, and strange and unexpected things are continually being discovered. Perhaps the experience which you have had represents another step in the direction of expanding human understanding. In any case, I would be deeply interested to learn more about it, and I should be glad if we could discuss it further some time when I am in your vicinity. I would be particularly interested to know whether you have had any additional experiences of a similar nature.

As for any visual records or other tangible evidence that may have resulted from your experience, I can well understand your reluctance to make these available to others. Discretion is certainly called for in such matters, and I would not wish to pry into things that you feel should be kept private. At the same time, I can assure you that if there were any way in which such material could contribute to a better understanding of the whole problem, I would be most interested in examining it under conditions of strict confidentiality. But I leave that entirely to your own judgment.

I hope you will feel free to write to me again, and I shall do my best to be of whatever assistance I can. In the meantime, I would urge you to continue your own reflections and investigations, but without undue haste or dogmatism. There is much here that is obscure and puzzling, and we must be prepared to approach it with an open mind and with a full recognition of the limits of our present knowledge.

With kind regards,

Sincerely yours,

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document with handwritten text.

I think it was extremely honest and conscientious of you to have mentioned the fact that the lights you observed are examining all possibilities and that you will accept a normal but unusual explanation as a matter of fact. In favor of getting some precise information to add to our files, I would be appreciative if you would be so kind as to let me know how many people were involved in observing the lights, how long the observation period lasted, and whether any unusual physical effects were noticed, such as interference with radio or TV reception. Any little item which might well be the clue to the entire phenomenon would be most helpful.

Another thing about the images is that they haven't yet figured how to recreate them. The pattern they sometimes see on radar has never been successfully reproduced electronically. We've had the same motion that you described across the field and in typical visual reports, but trying to have it electronically reproduced on radar has not been successful. We don't know whether this represents an actual phenomenon or just a peculiar electronic response.

Sincerely yours,
J. Allen Hynek
Director

- page 14 -

