There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 2 APR 64
3. DATAOTIME GROUP: 0600
5. PHOTOS: No
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 Minutes
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: "Sun rising, not visible but light in east. Three dark shiny objects. Controllable. Flight generally straight. Maneuver and went in/flight pattern, description of different directions."
11. COMMENTS: "No info presented to conflict with evaluation on A/C, duration, etc. Flight pattern, description of sighting in accord with analysis."

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a form used to gather information about unidentified flying object sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? Month: March Year: 1962
2. Time of day: 6:22 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Nearest Postal Address: 1307 Cleveland City or Town State or Country: Lakeview, South Carolina
5. How long was object in sight? Hours: Minutes: Seconds:
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): DAY NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document reads as follows:

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON? 
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. THE OBJECT APPEARED: 
(Circle One):
a. As a light
b. Shiny
c. Dark
d. Don't remember  

10. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS?
Yes

11. DID THE OBJECT:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and/or dash away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke or flame?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

12. DID THE OBJECT MOVE BEHIND SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circle One):
If moved (behind): Yes / No / Don't Know

13. DID THE OBJECT MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circle One):
In front of: Yes / No / Don't Know

14. DID THE OBJECT APPEAR:
(Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't Know

15. DID YOU OBSERVE THE OBJECT THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Wind ...... glass

- page 3 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch or diagram, but no photograph. 

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Noise
b. Color - Bright red and greenish in color, changing in coloration

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially any trails or vapor trails.
[Hand-drawn sketch showing a curved, elongated object with faint trail-like markings]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
[Hand-drawn sketch showing multiple elongated objects with faint trail-like markings]

OCR text output:
16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Noise
b. Color Bright red and greenish in color, changing in coloration
17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially any trails or vapor trails.
[Hand-drawn sketch]
18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember
19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
[Hand-drawn sketch]

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book, with questions and instructions for the observer.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car 
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
It dat can I a cimny ating, netvmber the object and ited ot spear at ont in he sky
and it seemed to be bight and shiny

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North	e. South	g. West
b. Northeast	f. Southeast	h. Northwest
d. Southeast
28.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop or slow down any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes	No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North	c. East	e. South	g. West
b. Northeast	d. Southeast	f. Southwest	h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North	c. East	e. South	g. West
b. Northeast	d. Southeast	f. Southwest	h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was
from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees. 
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

- page 6 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line with an "A" and "B" marked on it, representing the path of an object above the horizon. The second sketch shows a larger landscape scene with a person in the foreground and a smaller inset sketch showing a circular horizon.

The text output from the document is as follows:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form that the observer filled out to describe their sighting.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): Clear sky, Hazy, Scattered clouds, Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day, Month, Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes, No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes, No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes, No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a form containing questions and blank spaces for responses.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last Name, First Name, Middle Name
ADDRESS:  Street, City, Zone, State
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
Age: 19
Sex: F

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: ________ Day - __________ Month - __________ Year

- page 9 -

