The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a form with various fields filled out.

AUGUST 22, 1964
2. TIME GROUP 0300
9. LOCATION Mansfield Center, Connecticut
10. CONCLUSION SAUCERIZED
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was a very bright white and sharply outlined. It was visible for a few seconds. The object then disappeared by suddenly blinking out.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date or dates and location.
MY ANSWER: aESTBIBBD AVEST 0 OR 20 1964: AT MANSEIEI D CENTER CONNECTICUT
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) (YES NO)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
REDACTED REDACTED REDACTED

32. Please give the following information about yourself: 
NAME REDACTED
ADDRESS REDACTED
TELEPHONE NUMBER REDACTED
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special circumstances, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
MY DEFENSE FORCE AIR Oetober 1964

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, with handwritten text in the form of responses to questionnaire items.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: January 14, 1965

33. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a previous statement of your sighting: The second time I sighted the object it appeared to sway and move in a slight manner as though it was a small distance away being affected by the wind currents.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which is a declassified U.S. government program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text output:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20330

UFO SAFOI

- page 4 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. Instead, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Extracting the text from the document:

Dear Sir:
About 3 months ago I was sighting outdoors when all of a sudden one of the stars I was watching began to move rapidly. This star or object was no sooner than 20 or 30 feet above the ground. I first thought it was a jet and had been in the same position for more than an hour - a few days later I saw a similar sighting in the same area and with one exception, the object shaped exactly the same. The second time the shape were also in a single motion and were quite similar. It was this happening - a friend of mine was with me. I did not expect to report this until now because  did not seem important. However, I thought you might be interested.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it appears to be an airmail envelope with various postmarks and stamps. The text on the envelope shows the address "Mansfield Center, Connecticut 06250" and the "AIR MAIL" designation.

Transcribed text from the document:
Capt in chief of
operation BLUE BOOK
The Pentagon Washington D.C.
USH701

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

Reference is made to your letter of December 14, 1964, concerning your sightings and Air Force investigation. This information was carefully reviewed and the case file has been reopened for a more detailed and thorough review. Cooperation and assistance was provided by you, but additional information is needed for a complete evaluation. Kindly furnish this additional information as soon as possible and forward to this office for immediate action.

Sincerely,

MASON M. JACOBS
Chief, Civil Engineering Information Division
USAF Air Force District of Washington
Andrews Air Force Base, D.C.

1 Atch
Page-Form 164

[REDACTED]
[REDACTED]
Mansfield Center, Connecticut 06250

- page 7 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It does not contain any photographs, only a form with text fields to be filled out.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible regarding the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information you provide may be of value in the analysis of similar sightings and may lead to an explanation of this phenomenon. We request that you do not discuss or publicize this observation, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we can further clarify your observations.

1. When did you see the object?
Day: 13th
Month: August
Year: 1964

2. Time of day: 
(Circle one): 6:40 p.m.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): EST

4. Where were you when you saw the object? 
Mansfield Center, Connecticut

5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours: 15
Minutes: 0

6. Describe the object:
A. Circular
B. White circular light
C. No

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you viewed the object?
(Circle One): A. In front of you    B. Behind you    C. To the right    D. To the left

This is the text content extracted from the image:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible regarding the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information you provide may be of value in the analysis of similar sightings and may lead to an explanation of this phenomenon. We request that you do not discuss or publicize this observation, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we can further clarify your observations.

1. When did you see the object?
Day: 13th
Month: August
Year: 1964

2. Time of day:
(Circle one): 6:40 p.m.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): EST

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Mansfield Center, Connecticut

5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours: 15
Minutes: 0

6. Describe the object:
A. Circular
B. White circular light
C. No  

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you viewed the object?
(Circle One): A. In front of you    B. Behind you    C. To the right    D. To the left

- page 8 -

The image contains a page from an old Project Blue Book report. There is no photograph present in this image, only text.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. More 
b. Less
c. No change
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
a. Clear
b. Overcast
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

10. The object appeared: (Circle one)
a. Solid
b. Translucent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Yes
b. No
c. About the same

12. Compare brightness to some common object:
a. Brighter

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still or move:
    Yes  No  Don't know
b. Seem to speed up and rush away as you watched:
    Yes  No  Don't know
c. Seem to come closer:
    Yes  No  Don't know
d. Change brightness:
    Yes  No  Don't know
e. Seem to split up:
    Yes  No  Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear:
    Yes  No  Don't know

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, filled with handwritten text.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The object disappeared from view.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one) YES Don't know If you answered YES, then tell what.
In minor behind.

16. Did the object move in front of or anything at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one) YES Don't know If you answered YES, then tell what.
In front as.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound_ not at all
b. Color_white
c. Size_unknown

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pencil's length in line with the known object and compare this measurement with the size of the object. Please state the results of this comparison as to the size of the object.
About the match length.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object as you saw it. Label the sketch to show the size, proportions, etc., and especially indicate as closely as possible the direction in which the object was moving.
Sketch shown.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. On a commercial (type)
e. In an aircraft
f. Other

23. If you were DRIVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
a. North
b. Northeast
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were tracking or observing the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No)
c. Windshield Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No)

26. Can you give us a general or a close description of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw?

- page 11 -

The image contains two diagrams. The first diagram appears to show the viewing angle and elevation of an object, with instructions for indicating the observer's position and the object's location. The second diagram appears to be a compass or gyroscope, showing the direction of the object's travel.

Text OCR output:
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show the high and low points of the object where you first saw it. Place an "A" on the same curved line to show the low and high points where you last saw it. If the object was hovering (skyline), show the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the same where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and an "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

- page 12 -

