PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
13 Jun 64

2. LOCATION
Toledo, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
local 2115

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not reported

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one or three

9. COURSE
maneuvered/hovering

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Sat alt 300 ft. Speed about 10 mph. Size and shape of helo cockpit. Illuminated only by light from obj's headlights. Initial impression was that objs were halos. Red light on side blink-ing on and off. Once per/sec. Low rumbling noise from reciprocating eng. Sound might have been from traffic on adjacent roadway. No sound when objs were about 1,000 ft away. No green light. Objs crossed roadway and hovered over nearby barn. Observed attempted to get closer but when he reached a place about 500 ft from

11. COMMENTS
Note: Sighting on Sat night. Possible Air National Guard with Helo's operating in area, however, not usual for this type activity to be conducted at night near high tension wires and transmitting stations. Also not likely that they would land in a farmer's wheat field.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other (UNIDENTIFIED)
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Toledo, Ohio 1961
November 10, 1964

J. Allen Hynek
Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Mr. Hynek:

A word of warning by preface is in order before we get to the main body of this letter. I will reproduce very thin part of a letter I wrote to a friend on the shortly after sailing my UFO. I think it will serve to give you an idea of my wings, to preserve as much as possible the freshness of the original experience, and to avoid possible scientific jargon. Therefore I must ask you to excuse the less-than-scientific style of the letter, which was written shortly to be clear and frank.

Listed what probably would have been the biggest scoop-thing of my little awareness career.

It happened on the evening of Saturday, June 19, 1964. It was a very warm and humid night. The station had signed off at 9:15, and I started things before I finally left, the last one, alone, at 9:15. I started to hock up my vehicle's incompetency... Long digression here on the subject of my vehicle's incapacity... As I say, I was somehow to apply my way across the field toward the house, which was obviously flying apparently, and unidentified as far as I was concerned, in midair, flying. Suddenly, two unidentified flying objects (Unidentified Flying Object). They were fairly close together and about as large as the (word unclear) 200 feet, they stayed together fairly well, but the apparent distance between them did vary. Giving rise to the possibility that they were parts of one single object, the variation of apparent distance between them being such that indeed they implied were, were made visible (kindly remember to read the word "apparently" or some such synonym here). On the side of each object, on the side, was a red light, which blinked on and off about once a second.

Approximating 10 miles per hour and in a resultant direction opposed to the wind. I would have followed these strange objects closely, but after a while, they seemed to fade into the darkness. I watched for five minutes or so. No eyes did not receive us.

They had a shape like that of the cockpit of an airplane, as it


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

not unnaturally occurred to me at first that these objects might possibly
be helicopters. The size (here was about the same, able to see them only
by their light) was the first thing that I noticed. I was not certain
whether or not there was actually more to the question of the so-called
further events and considerations traced me to question the helicopter
hypothesis. At first I heard a low rumbling, as of an engine.
Suddenly practically all flying objects in the United States seemed to
be gone. I was startled, falling objects, and a nearby roadway, maybe 1000 feet,
after that had moved some distance away, but not too far, maybe 1000 feet.
I then made a sound check. Helicopters I know are noisy.
I thought I remembered some law that all flying objects in the United
States (as well as flying objects?) had to have a blinking green light
on one side and a blinking green light on the other side so you could
tell this sort thing. But there was no green light, and the only
difference in the first place. I looked, but there was no green light
to be seen. The first sound was a low, large, almost arena-like sound
able to hover to hover over a barn or the property of the State Hospital.
Well, I thought as long as they were apparently hovering over one spot
of flight, each oscillating, I might as well close in. For a better view.
So I assisted down the great NOB driveway down to Arlington avenue and
down Arlington street. The wind field, toward the northwest, was warm,
all the while keeping my eye on the objects lest they depart from my
range of vision while I was watching. I was very careful to see strange
like chuck holes and cars in the road. However, with increasing proximity,
gradually and alternately, I was able to see, with decreasing proximity,
the greater number of trees between me and then and this added interest of
if an object should suddenly appear. I was still watching, still seeing
effectively dimmer. And now here comes the wild weirdos whacko part.
I am approaching, walking rapidly, not running for fear of losing
visibility from the warm night's unexpected exercises, and seeing
rather heavily from the warm night's unexpected exercises, and also a
bit, I must confess, from some insane or excitement, was, very intent
on them all the while, and the distance between us still 100 to 150 yards.
The objects were big, actually, and incredibly to me, almost like a
common point as center directly over the barn as on the perimeter of a
disc. The size of which, partially to my blame, was a great circle as
the earth directly beneath this imaginary disc. As I came closer, they
were very large, moving more rapidly, not so quickly that their individual lights dissolved into one great smeared blur, but still with incredible
awareness. When I reached the barn, they had disappeared. I looked
ground the State Hospital grounds as well as I could in the dark, but
there were no signs. I continued on my long trek over hill and dale
however.

(end of excerpt from letter)

The letter goes on at this point with an account of another occurrence...


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

December 16, 1964

the distances and the velocity of the objects mentioned in the letter except size only the roughest part of estimates made without recourse to any standard measuring technique. These figures have been revised in the interest of greater accuracy.

Permit me to illustrate here my method in obtaining the new velocity figures. (See page 8 of Form FED 164 for references of the following pair of figures.)

Distance A1 was placed off a station. We defined A1 as expressed in terms of feet by multiplying the number of paces by 2½. Distance A1A2 was measured by means of an automobile speedometer. The coordinate was figured from a 1:50,000 scale map. The point along the path was 1100 feet from a 1:5 was calculated using an A2 travel time of five minutes (the time each of the course could not be revised). and a calculated distance of 1100 feet.

The photograph. The only way I could obtain such a photograph would be to hire a local news photographer (I know) could you handle the finances. Certainly, I'd like to send you the bill. Would you want more than one view of the scene? Of course, the photo would be a daytime one.

Out of the small things before a close. You mentioned FATA. Regarding the December issue, we picked up the article and thought it curious that FATA is published in Traverse, Illinois. Any comment?

Sincerely,

[The last line is a signature, which I will not reproduce as per the initial instructions.]


- page 4 -

Pasadena or Monterey,
California, 93140
Saturday, Oct 30, 1965

Dear Dr. Hynek:

I hope you find these snapshots satisfactory.
I have numbered them according to the order in which
they overlap. The series I through 4 including 3.5 and
3.5 are taken from the point from which I previously
stated the group of objects which occur in this point is
of course indicated on the schema I included with the
form I filled out for your some months back. Numbers 3.5 and
4.5 will be same to be more or less superficial since 3 and
3.5 are not quite same.

The series 14, 15, 16 is taken from the point from which I
last saw the group of objects.

I imagine that it might be of some help in analyzing
the area to thin this margin from the point and
camera location. These were my camera location and frame,
but I'm sure my remarks in this regard would be
unnecessary.

The field of view in the long series covers an angle
of about 170°. The plot scale, an angle very
roughly 60°.

Picture No. 1 faces Arlington Avenue at an angle roughly
like:

Picture No. 7 faces the spot where I last saw the phenomena.
I hope this information is not so imprecise as to
be still of no use when taken together with the material I
sent you previously.

If there is any information you need that I have
neglected to include here, or if there is any way at all
I can be of assistance, I will be happy to hear from you.

My expenses in this little enterprise come to about $125.

Sincerely,

[Signature redacted]


- page 5 -

Toledo, Ohio 43614
June 22, 1964

Dear Sir:

My name is [redacted]. I am 22 years old and a graduate of the University of Detroit. I work at Radio Station WTOL in Toledo as a [redacted].

Leaving the station alone the night of Saturday, June 13, 1964, at about 9:15, one hour after sign-off, I observed three strange objects in the air. Flying over the what I field adjacent to the station property. They were roughly 300 feet up in the air, and moving away from me very slowly, as perhaps 10 miles an hour. They had approximately the same shape and size of the cockpit of a helicopter, which I thought they were at first. I could see them only by the light they themselves gave off, so that I couldn't tell for sure whether or not there was more to them than this cockpit shape. The light diffusing fairly evenly from their interior was white, and affixed to the side (apparently, of course) was a red light which blinked on and off about once a second.

At first when they were pretty close, I heard a low rumbling as if from a reciprocating engine, but possibly that originated from some other source, such as the roadway. At greater distance, though no more than 1000 feet, no sound was audible. I looked for any green lights the three might be on the objects, but none were to be seen. I was prevented from following them directly by the watch-high wheat. After crossing a nearby road, they seemed to hover over a barn. I started to move in closer for a better view, skirting the wheat field, and when I was still maybe 500 feet from them, they suddenly began to circle around a common point as center in a plane parallel to the surface of the earth with a diameter of revolution about equal to the width of the barn and at an extreme rapidity. When I reached the barn, they had disappeared. It is possible that the objects actually were parts of one single object, the variation observed in the apparent distance between the things then being explained as a change in viewing perspective.

If you wish me to complete some kind of form report, I would be happy to oblige.

Sincerely,
[signature redacted]


- page 6 -

Toledo, Ohio 43614

ATTENTION: whoever is most professionally and intensely interested in Unidentified Flying Objects

Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

EW
ufo


- page 7 -

14 November 1964

[Redacted]
Toledo, Ohio 43614

Dear Mr. [Redacted]:

This letter follows up our telephone conversation the other evening and also gives the opportunity of sending one of the regular question forms the Air Force sends in cases in which more information is needed. I'm also enclosing a duplicate for your own files.

I would very much appreciate your sending a copy of the longer letter you mentioned on the phone. I feel that there must be a perfectly natural explanation for your sighting but for the moment there is really very little to go on. One needs to know the dimensions of the surrounding, angular rates of motion, relative placement of lights, etc.

Is there any possibility, do you think, that the lights you saw were actually quite some instance away, and moving rather rapidly, but tending to appear to move slowly because you felt they were close by? I have often been mistaken myself in judging distance of lights, sometimes horribly far off, and certainly no onus is attached to making an honest misiudgment.

It occasionally happens also, that distant objects, such as (in other instance) tall lights of trucks and lights of planes appear to be very much closer than they actually are because of atmospheric effect. In short, I am asking whether you feel there is any chance that this might have been a "looming" phenomenon in which moving lights a considerable distance away might appear to have been very much closer. Only you can judge this, of course, and I'm advancing this only as a suggestion.

I will await your reply to this and to the questionnaire, and please don't forget to send along a copy of the letter you mentioned.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature]
J. Allen Hynek
Director

JAH:kr
enclosures


- page 8 -

9 December 1964

Toledo, Ohio #3614

Dear Mr. [redacted]

Thanks for your card of November 18. May I also use this as a reminder that I have not yet gotten your material. I hope that you will still be able to send me the material not only for our records but in the hopes that we may arrive at a solution to the enigma. Do you by any chance have a polaroid or other photograph of the area in which this was seen? It sometimes helps to visualize the actual occurrence. Of course, the photograph would be a daytime one.

Thanks again for your cooperation.

Sincerely,

J. Allen Hynek
Director

JAH:mr
CSI Major Hector Quintanilla


- page 9 -

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201

28 December 1964

Mr. [redacted]
Toledo, Ohio 43614

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Thank you very much for your recent letter and the information you sent.

The sighting you made is still entirely puzzling to me, and by itself, it would probably lead nowhere. However, since some other sightings, like it exist in different parts of the country at various times, the possible scientific value in these sightings lies in examining their similarities and differences. If some sort of pattern shows up, then we have something to work on. Sightings like these puzzling indeed, as reported, because there seems to be no immediately logical explanation. I hope, however, that we can find one, and that it will be a plain, down-to-earth explanation. I shall feel more comfortable that way! But I intend to continue my inquiry and so does the Air Force until we can say something definite about sightings like yours.

With respect to the photograph, I should very much like to have one or two views of the scene. The number I will leave to you since you can best determine how many would be needed to give me "a three dimensional 'view'" of the setup. In any event, I do not think more than three or four will be necessary and as to cost, I will cover that personally. I would think that if your friend has a Polaroid camera, he could get by for about one dollar a piece. I do not think we need to make a production number out of this, are a few snapshots of this area would be helpful. So please go ahead and I will cover any cost within reason.

Your mention of Fate magazine being published in Evanston is a pure coincidence. There is no connection whatsoever. There seems to be some sort of an occult bookshop in the southern part of Evanston which has apparently been here for years. I have never met any of the staff.

Thank you again for your response. Let's keep in touch; you may get more information, and I will, of course, let you know if we get any place with this whole thing.

Sincerely yours,

J. Allen Hynek
Director

JAH/kf


- page 10 -

8 January 1965

Mr. [redacted]
Toledo, Ohio 43614

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Just to cover all possibilities, is there any outside chance that the sighting of June 13, 1964 could have been caused by bioluminescence of great swarms of insects? I personally do not think so, but all possible angles should be covered. The occurrence at a nearby drive-in restaurant at which a cloud of tiny light green insects appeared may have nothing to do with the case, but if in at this time of the year that insects can swarm in colossal hordes. But illumination is a problem, however, as is essentially the reddish light you observed in each. Was this light in the nature of an actual light bulb, like a red lantern hanging on the end of a train, or was it a red illuminated sign? Sorry to trouble you so much about this, but I would so like to get a common sense explanation of your sighting before entertaining a rare bizarre hypothesis.

Sincerely yours,

J. Allen Hynek
Director

JAH:krr


- page 11 -

18 February 1965

Private [redacted]
Company S
Fourth TMG Regiment
Second Platoon
Fort Dix, New Jersey 08640

Dear Private [redacted]

Thank you for your recent letter. I hope you are still alive despite your rigorous training and that before long I will get the photographs of the terrain where the sighting occurred and also the sketches I believe you said you had made. Maybe I am wrong about the latter since your report did contain something of the sort.

The pictures will, in any case, be helpful to get the location well in mind. I agree with you about the warm or insects, but I am still puzzled about the fact that the red light apparently blinked in synchronism with the blinking lights on the TV tower. I think that is what you said originally, although I do not have your report at hand at the moment.

The very best of luck to you in your boot training and please don't forget the pictures as soon as you get back.

Sincerely yours,

J. Allen Hynek
Director

JAHnkr *


- page 12 -

March 25/1965

Dear Dr. Hynek:

Finally!
The pictures are numbered on the back. I hope they are good enough to serve your purpose. The day, I'm afraid, was very overcast, and the photographer (myself with rental camera) was very inexperienced.

Pictures numbered 1, 2, and 3 are taken from the spot where I first sighted the objects. Picture number 4 is taken from the spot where I last saw the objects. Picture number 1 faces the spot where the objects were first seen. Pictures 2 and 3 face the barn in the distance where the objects finally hovered and disappeared. Picture number 4 also faces the spot where the objects disappeared. The pictures are marked to show the positions of the objects.

I'll send you my Monterey address as soon as I get it.

Sincerely,

[Signature area is blacked out]

The tree in the extreme left of picture number 1 is the same as the tree in the extreme right of picture number 3.


- page 13 -

