PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: [partially illegible]
2. LOCATION: Detroit, Michigan
3. SOURCE: [blank]
10. CONCLUSION: INFORMATION ONLY

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: [blank]
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: [blank]
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: [blank]
7. COURSE: [blank]
8. PHOTOS: □ Yes □ No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: □ Yes □ No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
This case was reported in March-April 1966. Since the actual sighting had occurred some time ago it is almost impossible to check it out. Also due to the time lag the pertinent data has probably become distorted. Therefore this case is considered Information Only.

FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Information Using
Source: A P R O Bulletin, November 64

Mobile, New Mexico
2 June 1964

CHILD BURNED IN NEW MEXICO

One of the most sensational reports to
come out of the spring and early summer
flying saucer season was the case of
Charles Keith Davis of Hobbs, New Mexico. The basic details:

Child Burned...
(Continued from page 1)

tor were "nothing unusual"—except for
one thing—Charles suffered no pain during his ordeal. The Doctor described
Charles as a bright, friendly boy. Treatment of the burns consisted of sulpha
thiazol ointment applied directly to the
affected areas. When Charles' burns began to heal it was necessary to administer a sedative because of the intense itch.

On the 2nd of June at 4 p.m. Charles
Davis was standing just outside the back
door of his Grandmother's laundry in
Hobbs. The door led to the boiler room
where his grandmother, Mrs. Frank
Smith, was cutting a cake in preparation
for preparing lunch for herself and Charles. Suddenly Mrs. Smith was horrified
to see an elongated apparently metal object swoop down out of the sky and hover
above Charles. She was so frightened she
couldn't cry out. The thing was there for
only a few seconds then with a "whooshing sound" it elevated and disappeared
upward into the sky. Mrs. Smith ran out
to Charles, and put her arms around him.
He had begun to swell, and
there was a sooty deposit on his face and
neck and shirt.

Although the Doctor was frank and
readily answered questions, he preferred
that his name not be publicized to prevent an influx of mail inquiring about
the case. He, although he would offer
no opinion as to the nature of the object
or the cause of the burns, seemed to
believe the story told by both the boy
and his grandmother.

The object, according to Mrs. Smith,
was somewhat like a top, and gave off
black soot and fire. The boy stood there
with his eyes tight shut and his hair
standing on end until the object went
away.

Samples of the boy's skin and hair
were taken, along with his T-shirt and
his Grandmother's apron against which
she held Charles, and were sent to an
FBI laboratory.

Mrs. Smith said that one of Charles'
cars looked "like a piece of raw meat,"
He was not "burned bald" as some reports declared, but he was swollen so
badly that his nose was scarcely visible.
His eyes were swelled shut.

Upon receipt of the initial news of the
burn case, APRO contacted Mrs. Smith
and obtained additional facts as well as
the name of the Doctor who treated the
boy. When the Doctor was contacted he
yielded the following information:

The boy was treated at Lee County Hospital where he stayed for five days. The
burns, which were second degree with
some reddened skin, were on the face,
ears and neck and according to the Doctor (See Child Burned, page 3)


- page 2 -

Information Cary
Saucer News, Vol 12, #3, March 1965

Roswell, New Mexico
2 June 1964

NEW MEXICO BOY BURNED BY UFO: A report from June 2nd, 1964, which has just come to our attention, tells of an 8-year-old boy in Hobbs, New Mexico, who was seriously burned by a mysterious flying object when sent police and medical authorities in a fruitless search for the cause of the burns. The wild incident occurred at about 4 p.m. The child's grandmother, Mrs. Frank Smith, who was standing only three feet from him, could offer no explanation, though she heard a sound "like something whistling." The boy, upon being questioned in the hospital, said that he had seen a black fiery object coming toward him from the sky. There were no ashes found in the area, nor scorched marks of any sort, and no other witnesses to the strange UFO, though many people were questioned. The boy, named Charles Davis, received second degree burns which covered his face and left him bald.


- page 3 -

Information Only
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64

Sunnyvale, Calif.
2 June 1964

June 2: Sunnyvale, Calif.: A carried couple sighted a brightly lighted UFO about 10:30 p.m. It was only 100 feet in the air and had a brightly illuminated rectangular projection. Small triangular section on the underside. Scoht with peculiar protection around the rim of the triangle seemed to be located from the inside. Shortly thereafter a second UFO appeared and both moved out of sight over the horizon.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO 0263 (Information Only)                                                        3 June 64
Source:   AFIN Bulletin, Jul, Aug, 65                                             Flagstaff, Arizona

Hovering Object In
Arizona Canyon

Mr. X, a Tucson importer, was returning from a trip to Wyoming along the night of 3 June 1964 along the Black Canyon Highway when he stopped at UAO Inn a canyon. He had left Flagstaff at 8:30 and at about 10 p.m. when he was near Verde (Green) Road crossing he saw the "dirigible" shaped object hovering off the ground to his right in a canyon, clearly silhouetted against the hills. It had a "cold blue" glow surrounding it.

As Mr. X came closer, he rounded a curve turning right, and his headlights caught the object whereupon it slowly ascended straight up, then headed southwest and disappeared in the direction of Buckeye.

The entire sighting lasted about 15 minutes. The observer made a personal report to APRO Tucson and asked that his name be withheld. The observer is considered to be a reliable individual and said he didn't believe in UAOs prior to his experience.

Readers should note the similarity between this object and the object seen on the ground at La Madera in April of 1964.


- page 5 -

HQ USAF (Information Only)
Source:   ATIC Bulletin, Jul, Aug, 65

3 June 1964
Page, Arizona

Low Level Flights In Arizona

At 8:45 p. m. on Wednesday, 3 June 1964, Edward Coyle, mine foreman at
Zortelli Western Mining Company, observed an egg-shaped object near Copper-
mine, 20 miles south of Page, Arizona.

He notified Pat and June Patterson, owners of Coopermine Trading Post on the
Navajo Indian Reservation and they watched the object for 15 minutes. The
object was moving northwest to southwest and appeared to be at 500 and 1,000
feet altitude. It disappeared into the northwest. A second object, the description
of which is similar to the object just described, was seen by Frank Howard,
the night watchman at the mine who also observed the first one. The second object
was further away and toward the south. Both objects had a white light at the
leading edge and the entire object was surrounded by a red, mist-like glow.


- page 6 -

Information on Cen.
Center: PJFO

4 June 1964
Hartville, Ohio

More Large Fireballs ... June 4, 1964. Estimated time 11:00-11:30 P.M. EDST, Rte. 90, just a few miles E of Ashtabula

Two cars, containing Slow residents were traveling a half mile apart; they were friends and their destination was the same.

Mr. Shuman and his wife saw a large blue-white, very bright soft ball-sized object. It had no tail or trail, and was clearly outlined. It fell ahead of them and disappeared over the hill. Duration: 2-3 seconds - but he wasn't sure. Observers, Mr. and Mrs. Shuman.

The second party, Mr. and Mrs. Myers (RFD) saw it also. It was tear-drop in shape; it had a blue-white center, and the outside was very blue, like a gas flame. Mrs. Myers said it fell straight down. "It was the size of a large grapefruit," she said. Duration: 8-10 seconds.

Mr. Myers also said it seemed to be falling from just above them, slightly from right to left. It had a slightly yellow center which was intensely bright, and was surrounded by a shell of propane-blue. "It wasn't exactly round, it gave off no sparks, it might have had a tiny tail. It was baseball sized, clean as a pin (no jagged edges). Duration: 3-5 seconds. Again no sound was heard.


- page 7 -

Information Only
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64

Coshocton, Ohio
4 June 1964

June 4: Coshocton, Ohio: Numerous persons sighted a cone-shaped
object about 10 p.m. and again early the next morning.


- page 8 -

Information Only
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol. 4, No. 2, San 64

Parra, Ohio
5 June 1964

June 5: Parra, Ohio: A group of college students, in the early hours
of the morning, observed a strange, fast moving light accompanied by an unusual
noise. They said the light seemed to explode several times and then reappear.
Observed object estimated to be about 100 feet in diameter and 30 feet high.


- page 9 -

Information Only
Source: APRO Bulletin, November 64

Another recent incident involving the lead object became much brighter. Miss Ventura later phoned the Cleveland police and related their experience with UFOs took place in Cleveland, Ohio. They could then discern that there was a fourth ring of color around the object. After listening to her story this party displayed what Miss Ventura termed "a tolerant, sarcastic attitude" and asked her to investigate the matter recently.

In this case the principals involved were Miss Marlene A. Ventura and Mr. Donald Kupchick, Jr. of Massachusetts.

(Continued from page 4)
Miss Ventura, a laboratory technician at the Polyclinic Hospital on Carnegie Avenue and Mr. Kupchick, a landscape gardener residing at 15085 Ridge Road, were parked at the south side of the driveway of the Ventura residence at 4477 West 11th Street.

The time was 3:00 A.M.

The couple first became aware that something unusual was occurring when crossing their back yard light up. Mr. Kupchick was the first to see the light was from a glowing pinkish-red orb about the size of an orange which he described as resembling the glow of a hot cigarette. This round ball of light appeared in the sky above and to the rear of the house on the adjoining property to the Ventura residence.

It made a slow, silent, apparently controlled descent in a straight line at an approximate 45° angle without exhaust. Descent was the bright appeared during 4th of July celebrations closer they could begin to discern details and saw that it was not one solid color as it first appeared at a distance but was composed of a round center, dull red in color, which looked to be transparent and two concentric colored rings, the inner of which was a bright orange and the outer one an equally bright yellow.

Each ring blended together without showing sharp defined edges.

Following closely behind the brightly lit objects were dark objects appearing dark and lighted could and in parallel formation view versa.

They were ten much smaller objects each of which radiated light in addition to being parted of extreme brightness last for several minutes since they had had time to note the above-mentioned details and along the driveway of the property because the entire sighting occupied a adjoining the Ventura's to the North is space of twenty minutes.

There followed a terrific flash of bluish-white light and then complete darkness coming in from the Northwest in the ness. The flash did not have an affect direction of Lake Erie, the objects clear- of blinding them as both stated they ed the top of this row of shrubbery in could see in the darkness as before, but their descent path.

When directly over the north side of magic, Miss Ventura's mother who was the Ventura's flashed drive at an estimated height of 5 to 6 feet above the it. The couple searched the lawn but ground and 50-52 feet from the observ- found nothing to indicate the presence ers, the objects paused and still main- of their nocturnal visitor. They then tained their 53° angular position, hovered drove around the neighborhood but the streets were deserted and there were no other witnesses to the occurrence.

Cleveland, Ohio
5 June 64

Her if she had been reading any science fiction recently. She asked to have someone sent out. In an unmatched call to investigate the matter and was told "Lady, you need the newspaper, not the police."

The officer told her he would call the Cleveland Plain Dealer and have them contact her. That evening, since no one had called, she phoned them herself. She repeated her story to the Editor of Night-beat who commented while her story had the ring of truth in it, his Editor did not believe in such things and therefore it wouldn't be printed. The Cleveland Press called her that evening and listened to her account but nothing about it was printed by either newspaper.

As a result of encountering this tolerant, apathetic and indifferent attitude on the part of both police and press, Miss Ventura and Mr. Kupchick joined the steadily growing ranks of those individuals who, like themselves, have encountered a similar attitude and disbelief and disinterest on the part of many officials and representatives who attempt to confide vital information, as a result, have withdrawn into silence.

After reviewing these numerous and varied experiences, one cannot help wonder, if ever, will the public, public officials and the press, awaken to the realization that such strange happenings are actually occurring—in many instances almost under their noses—and demand a full explanation of what is actually taking place from those in high governmental authority, such as the individuals who compose the super-secret "54/12 Group."

Perhaps by the year 2000 as predicted by Jeane Dixon during her recent guest appearance on Cleveland Station KYW's Radio program "CONTACT"!


- page 10 -

Information Only (No Case)                                                   5 June, 1964
Source: ATIC                                                                   Cleveland, Ohio

Cleveland, Ohio . . . June 5, 1964, 3:00 A.M. . . . The objects to be described were seen by Miss Marlene A. Ventura, and Donald Kupchick, Jr., from the driveway of the Ventura residence.

Mr. Kupchick saw the objects first. A red light was seen approaching. As time passed, it got steadily but slowly nearer. At the very first he thought it was a meteor but soon discovered that impression. The color resembled the glow of a lit cigarette, but as it drew nearer the following details were noted:

Eleven objects - 457 angle descent, very slow approach - never touched down - no sound, small, trail or exhaust, rise remained constant, 10 min. duration. Disappeared instantaneously with a great flash of light. Weather - clear, cool, dark, no moon.

Date: June 5, 1964     Time: 0300 (A.M.)     Observers: Donald Kupchick, Jr., and Marlene A. Ventura.

More facts:
The broken-line section in large object (1) grew brighter and brighter; the smaller objects reflected some of this light. These projections were thrown forward at the same angle as descent (45 degrees). Arm's length (at - orange size (Kupchick)).

No EM Interference noted. Radiation check - none found. During light observation, observers noted that while seemed gray or black and dark colors seemed the opposite (negative effect). Both claimed they had no difficulty seeing after (immediately) being exposed.

Miss Ventura's mother was awakened by the light flash, according to her daughter.

Miss Ventura and Kupchick investigated the area thoroughly. Then they drove around the whole area trying to find other possible observers. The area was quiet, no one was around . . . This was done before they called authorities.

Miss Ventura called the Brooklyn police; they in turn referred her to the Cleveland police. The Head Dispatcher there had her repeat her story. She said he'd send someone out. Later she called them again. Someone else answered and she was asked to repeat the episode. She asked them to come out in an unmarked car so as not to draw attention of the neighbors; he replied, "The hell with your neighbors, lady, you need the newspaper not the police." He said he'd have the Cleveland Plain Dealer contact her.

That evening, no one having called, she contacted the CPU herself. The editor of Nationalists limited to her, then told her that she had an account had the ring of truth. In his but he said that his Editor doesn't believe in such things, and therefore it wouldn't be printed. He suggested she call The Cleveland Press. By this time she had had enough and decided to do nothing. The Press continued her the next evening. Mr. Jackson listened to her story. She hasn't heard anything more since. She wrote NICAP; they sent her forms to fill out - nothing more.

The Universal Michiganian Society heard of it through the grapevine and investigated the case, getting a tape recording in the process. Good work, Ground!

Miss Ventura is a laboratory technician at Polyclinic Hospital in Cleveland, Ohio. Mr. Kupchick is a landscaper.


- page 11 -

Dear Sir,

Concerning your article in our latest publication about the UFO incident sighting,

Let me tell you what my husband and I saw on a Friday nite of the summer of 1964. It was almost minutes to ten p.m. we were sitting on our front porch.

This object (and I mean object) came between the 3 trees across the street from us out a turning speed and no sound. It was shaped like a big cigar, no wings - a perfectly light like a jet from the west. It was going on a northwestern direction from our home. By this time we were down the steps, it had disappeared.

But this thing was not a plane. What was about two feet from the air. Absolutely no sound. It just happened that we glanced up at the time.

My husband called our police department - a then full as a call to investigate. I told as we (there) and witnesses my husband that he received quite a few ideas deciding the same thing.


- page 12 -

THE RUNAROUND

Cleveland, Ohio June 5, 1964
OPARC

Location
North central
Geographics sighting - O

General view of area-Cleveland's
Brookside Shoreway, the Cuyahoga R.,
and Lake Erie Shoreway

Description - Large lead object:
(1)
Dia. Approx. 100'
Color: Reddish
2. Width: Orange
3. Height: Estimated 15'
4. Color blended with each
other - outer edge not
definite outlining/fuzzy
5. Very bright silvery
white

(3-a) - Ground - projections of "fingers" of
light reflected toward ground, like
sparks at end of base, diagonal

Close-up view(2) is spot over driveway across objects descended to and
where last seen towards flash
of light objects hovered 100 above

Description of objects: 10 smaller ones:
(1)
Length: approx. 31"
proportions as
shown
(2 in. at ends)
(length units
venture)

1. translucent red dome
2. identical, pyramidal shaped
3. sides & bottoms blurry-no def. shape
4. (5 ft. long)
5. fading to darker orange

(a) - shrubbery 15'
tall - objects
clear at times

car 52' (ft.) from(x)

Welsh St.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO CASE INVESTIGATION FILE
UNITED STATES AERIAL FORCES
AIRLIVING, VOLUME NO. 10, #

5 Jun 64
Fiji Island of Yavuni

FIJI

Double explosion

Our correspondent in New Zealand, Mr. Ray Holder, has sent us this cutting from the New Zealand Herald for June 64. "A mysterious streak of bright bluish-white light was accompanied by a double explosion, was reported over the Fiji island of Tavuni early yesterday. Reports of the travelling beam, which lit up the sky, came from people throughout the 25-miles-long island, as well as from Tavern of the coast.

"One Islander said: 'It was a strange and terrifying experience. Something suddenly brightened and it seemed almost like daylight. We looked up and saw a blush white light followed by sparks. It disappeared to the northwest of Vanna Levu.

"About three seconds later three was a loud double explosion and then everything was quiet."

"A report from Sydney says that two loud explosions and a tremor-like disturbance felt in a 30-square mile area on the mid-north coast of New South Wales on Thursday are mystery.

"Residents said that buildings vibrated, windows rattled and doors slammed, but the police at Taree and Foster said they had received no reports of damage."


- page 14 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE:
Not Stated

June 30, 1964

Dear Mr.

This is in response to your letter of June 23, 1964, in which you request information on several unidentified flying objects sightings during the past months.

Enclosed is a summary of information on the Socorro, New Mexico sighting. We would like very much to be able to answer you in detail on all your questions, but unfortunately Project Blue Book does not have the resources available to reply at length to each and every inquiry received by the Air Force.

It is for this reason that we have tried to make our Fact Sheet (copy enclosed) as detailed as possible. We also make it a policy to allow the news media and scientific researchers, at their request, to visit our project office at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base to examine the files. Press releases are also issued and summaries of information prepared as warranted.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Enclosures

Mr.
Bloomfield, Conn.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

BLOOMFIELD, CONN.

Office of UFO Information
The United States Air Force
The Pentagon
Washington, D.C.


- page 16 -

Bloomfield, Connecticut

Office of UFO Information
The United States Air Force
The Pentagon
Washington, D.C.

28 June 64

Gentlemen:

From time to time during the past two months, local radio and newspaper stories have reported on flying saucer sightings in other parts of the U.S. To date I have seen nothing official from the USAF regarding the final disposition of these reports tho, in most cases, the stories stated that the USAF was investigating them. Could you give me a rundown on the following reports? I shall list the date and location as given in the news stories - doubtless the details are familiar so I shan't list them. All dates 1964, of course.

• April 21, Socorro, New Mexico; April 24, Newark Valley, New York; April 26, near La Jara, New Mexico; April 29, Canyon Ferry, Montana; Last week of April, Parma, Idaho; April 30, U.S. of San Saba, California; About May 1, Santa Ana, California; May 5, near Comstock, Minnesota; May 15, Interstate 90 near Geneva, Ohio; May 18, Hubbard, Oregon; May 22, Hopkinsville, Kentucky.

Now, one report which was not on a news broadcast but came as a telephone call to WBZ Radio (Boston) during a discussion of flying saucers. People can call in and the call goes on the air. This caller identified himself as a SAC Captain home on leave from Homestead AFB, Florida and said that two days earlier (which would be 6 June) he and other crew members had seen a UFO while in the air and that the object had also been tracked on radar by an NAA radar crew. He stated that the sighting was reported to SAC headquarters as well as to the White House. I didn't catch all that he said as radio reception from WBZ is spotty in this area and I lost some of it in static. I'd like your comments on this one, too, if you please.

I shall look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience.

very truly yours,


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

...we have further information about the phone call received on June 8th by Boston radio station WBZ, supposedly from an Air Force pilot who had made a sensational cause sighting. This incident is described on Page 20 of the September SAUCER NEWS. According to a transcript of the call made by saucer researcher Robert Forrest, the caller claimed to be Captain Roberts of the 319th Squadron of the Strategic Air Command, stationed at Homestead Air Force Base in Homestead, Florida. A letter of inquiry written by SAUCER NEWS to that base revealed that no such person existed, and thus the incident can be written off as a hoax.


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

VOL. 1 NO. 3                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                would be a light moving rather erratically as the chute followed by a descent.

The sky-divers' light theory might be a disillusionment for many; however all phases of sighting would be covered by the deduction.

Editor's Comment:
Congratulations to Mr. Tom Douglas for digging up the basic information relating to this sighting. But now we'll help Mr. Douglas by clarifying some facts unknown to him.

First of all, I refer him to the report submitted by an excellent source, Ben Wolfe. Wolfe, naturally, was in Akron, and in touch with parachuting and other activities. He took the initiative himself, and is in touch with parachuting operations around the area. He told J. Moyers and myself that no jumping took place at his part of the night. The following facts are contained in an affidavit signed by Mr. Wolfe. It reads:

The following facts are submitted by the undersigned to refute statements found in the June 9, 1964, issue of the newspaper called the Wooster Daily Record:

1. No jumps were made on June 6th, 1964. Tapes at FAA at Akron-Canton Airport will verify this. In the interest of safety, we notify the tower at Akron-Canton Airport one to three minutes before release of parachute.

2. As members of PCA, we follow their regulations, one of which is that no jumps are to be made when winds are above 15 MPH.

3. Spotting your exit point is extremely tricky at night. Because jumping is so extremely hazardous under those conditions, no release is made.

4. The light seen by myself and two follow observers was of such magnitude that it would be impossible for such a source of beacon to be carried by a jumper.

5. We have a permanent NOTAM filed with FAA. This notice to Airmen is required. This lets them know that our jumps take place from 9:00 A.M. to 9:00 P.M. This has not been violated by us at any time.

Larry Moyers and A. E. Canduaso witnessed the signing of the affidavit. I have taken the above statements to show how the light in the sky that night correlated with the sighting in question.

NO BLIMPS
Checking with Russ Crouse of Goodyear's Flight Operations, these facts emerged: No blimps is based in Akron. One of two blimps was in Grand Rapids for at most the first 10 days of June, the other was in Houston.

Tom Douglas has done a disillusionment in many, including Tom Wolfe, by his analysis. A careful analysis based upon the records of FAA and Mr. Glatz's speculations are done by the records of FAA. This is another example of solving analysis which is tingly or not tingly assisting in confusing the facts.

FSIC BULLETIN
PREPARED BY THE FLYING SAUCER INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE OF AKRON, OHIO
P.O. DRAWER G - AKRON, OHIO 44305

[Header includes UFO-themed illustrations of flying saucers]

AUGUST SEPTEMBER 1964


- page 19 -

Information Only

Felling, England
8 June 1964

The Newcastle-upon-Tyne Journal in its June 9 issue devoted a considerable amount of space to incidents alleged to have taken place at nearly Felling. We have it to our readers to decide whether some fact and much fantasy is involved or whether the account about saucers has at some scriptive literal truth.
The account reads:

"Flashes of light and buzzes in the night... little green men chasing each other around haystacks... No, the leprechauns aren't loose and it's no Jabberwock to a trifling that tale—just the real people of Felling telling of stories are going round Leam Lane Estate that flying saucers in egg-shaped flying saucers are using the area for manoeuvres. So persistent have the reports been that a full-scale investigation has been launched by one organisation.

"Centre of the activity is Hoperdene Avenue where most of the residents have heard a loud buzzing noise, and at last, no one has come up with a satisfactory explanation for them.

"One person who has seen the flying saucer is 13-year-old Keith Bell. He said last night: 'I was looking out of the window late one night when there was a terrific flash in the sky. Then a flying saucer, egg-shaped and giving off a bright glow appeared. I saw it twice before it flew off.'

"Keith's mother refused to believe her son's story at first, but she flashed herself while it up the whole of their front room. 'I was terrified,' she said.

"And the little green men? They were seen by 14-year-old David Wilson. He said: 'I saw several small green creatures about 2 ft. high running around a haystack on a farm near the estate.'

"But not everyone believes the stories. Last night Mr. M. Coates, headmaster of Roman Road Junior School, denied that he had called a special assembly of pupils to discuss the little green men, or that he had told the children to stay away from the farm. 'There is no truth at all in these silly rumours.'

"Investigations are being carried out by the Tyneside Unidentified Flying Objects Society who issued an extra report last night. Mr. J. R. Otley said: 'While we appreciate that this thing has snowballed until there is a vein of pure fantasy involved, we nevertheless believe that there lights and these strange sounds heard by so many people cannot be disregarded. Our investigators have found that many sensible people heard this noise and young David Wilson is described by his parents and friends as a truthful boy who would not invent anything of this nature.'"


- page 20 -

Information Only
Serial: 34

Burlington, Wyoming
9 June 1964

Burlington sighting

The Wyoming Sheridan Press carried the following report in its June 10 issue: "A search net was cast Tuesday near Burlington on Tuesday produced no signs of a strange vehicle that several persons had seen, Big Horn County Sheriff L. C. Brinkerhoff and Undersheriff Darrell Rinehart were assisted by two Burlington youths on Sunday and again by Brinkerhoff and three other men on Monday night.

"The boys, Gary Brown and Richard Briggs, told Brinkerhoff on Sunday they had seen three objects while they were searching for cows in the deserted pasture. Brinkerhoff said he and the three Basin men accompanied the youths to the scene and searched the area, but couldn't find anything very strange, but I couldn't say what it was," Hervey Baliso, a Basin publisher, said, "when a strong spotlight was turned on the object, a strange bright green light came from it, filling the area's sky with light. He said the light was 10 to 15 times stronger than the aircraft landing light."

Brinkerhoff said they left when the light was cut off and they tried off. "There was no sign of anything today" (June 9), Brinkerhoff said, "but there definitely was something there."

"Brinkerhoff said when they arrived at the scene on Monday night the object was going across the grazing land. He said his own car was going 60 miles per hour on the highway."

"No vehicle could have been moving that fast, he said."

"They could hear a shrill sound from the object on Sunday, but the noise wasn't repeated on Monday."


- page 21 -

Information Only
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64

Burlington, Wyo.
9 June 64

June 8: Burlington, Wyoming: A county sheriff and several other police officials observed an unidentified high-soaring object in an traceable area. When the sheriff shows a spotlight on the object, it reportedly heard a back a bright light into the patrol car.

Lawrenceville, Illinois: Mrs. Helen Reed spotted a spinning UFO 10-15 feet above the ground in her yard at about 9:30 p.m. Only 50 feet away at the closer point, it had a dome which emitted blue, then red light.


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

Now they are no management here
we are looking in the center of town
It's big this one the object was place
very bright flying red. But definitely
we could tell these. I know got made
an influence. We have been watching
the place practically every warning
to give then lights to work. My only
thing was I hope it tells me to our
government.

Sincerely,
Mrs [redacted]


- page 23 -

Information Only
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64

Hamilton, Ohio
9 June 64

June 29, Hamilton, Ohio: A 12-year old boy reported seeing an unidentified light in the sky for about 1/2 hour starting at 9 p.m.


- page 24 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
Source: UFO Investigator April-May 65

10 June 1964
North Dakota

On June 10, 1964, a strange encounter took place over North Dakota. The report to NICAP was made by R.D. Hess, former Navy pilot, now owner of an insurance agency and really company at Minot, N.D.

About 9:05 p.m. I was flying my Mooney Mark 21 from Minot. At an altitude of 4500 feet, I observed a brilliant flashing light, below and behind me. It was blinking with a steady rhythm. I checked it against known lights, but it was much stronger. Also, I shifted positions to make sure it was not a range reflection.

After several minutes, the lighted object speeded up, both position and first's last wing. The reports, "at one of two large salves of yellow light. They billowed out like cannon salvo, first at least 300 feet, I was apprehensive and kept my altitude until I reached Minot.

After the UFO disappeared, I was questioned by the AF, but there was no explanation for the UFO and the strange salvo.


- page 25 -

Information Only
Source: UFO Investigator, Vol. III, No. 2, April-May 65

North Dakota
10 June 1964

On June 10, 1964, a strange encounter took place over North Dakota. The report to NICAP was made by H.D. Ruen, former Navy pilot, a partner of an insurance agency and realty company at Bismarck, N.D.

At 9:05 p.m. I was flying my Mooney Mite 21 from Bismarck to Miner. At an altitude of 4500 ft. I observed a bright flashing light, below and behind me. It was flying a steady rhythm. I checked it against farm and city lights, but it was much stranger. Also, I shifted position to make sure it was not a canopy reflection.

After several minutes, the lighted object speeded up, held position near Fargo.

"In the vicinity of Benedict," he reports, "it gave off two large salvos of yellow light. They billowed out like cannon salvos, until I reached 5000 ft. I was apprehensive and kept my altitude until I reached Miner."

FAA. Next day, he was questioned by the AFB, but there was no explanation for the UFO and the strange salvos.


- page 26 -

Information Only
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64

Elnore, Ohio
11 June 64

June 11, Elnore, Ohio: Police chief Richard Crawford, armed with search
light and radio, gave chase to a UFO suspended over Elnore about 2000 feet up.
For 20 and three minutes lights, which pulsated for 20 minutes intervals.


- page 27 -

UAO Over Electrical
Power Complex

Hallam is 25 miles east of Melbourne,
Australia and was the site of a UAO visit
lasting at 5:50 p.m. on 12 June 1964.

While travelling on Dandenong Road
five witnesses in two cars saw a stationary red light 40 degrees above the horizon. On turning off onto Hallam Road
the light was still visible and the occupants of the first car stopped to see what
it was.

The observers first thought the object
was a light to top of a tower but shortly
after they stopped the light accelerated
suddenly and moved off to the East. At
this time the outline was discernable and
one witness described the object as "like
a coin on its side" and another witness
described the object as slightly domed
on top and flat underneath. The brilliant red was at the leading edge and

a line now the point where the sky

was seen to be lowering, the Main transformer lines from the Morwell/Yallourn
power generating complex pass. These
lines supply most of the power used in
Melbourne and other areas.

Kruppi went on to cite Mrs. Lorenzen's
theory concerning UAO reconnaissance of
power supply, covered in her book, "The
Great Flying Saucer Hunt."


- page 28 -

ANOTHER
AUSTRALIAN
SIGHTING

Reprinted from the Flying Saucer Review,
c/o Flying Saucer Research Society,
P.O. Box 43, Moorabbin, Victoria,
Australia.

AT 5:55 p.m. on 12th June,
1964 a sighting of an unidentified object shaped like a perfect ellipse took place at Healesville, east of Melbourne.

While travelling along Dandenong Road, five witnesses in two cars saw a stationary red light about 40 degrees above the horizon. On turning off onto Hallam Road, the light was still visible and the occupants of first car decided to stop in order to ascertain what it was.

At first they thought the light was supported by a tower, but a couple of minutes after they halted, the light accelerated abruptly and moved off in an easterly direction in front of them. At this stage an outline was just discernible and one witness interviewed described the object as "like a cola on its side" whilst another stated that the object was slightly domed on the top, but flat underneath. The brilliant red light was at the "front" of the object and a pale yellow light was noticed on the "rear". The object was estimated by one witness as being "about the same size as a Viscount airliner" and to have disappeared towards Melbourne at a speed greater than a jet.

At no time was any noise heard, nor any electro-magnetic or physiological effects noted.

72


- page 29 -

Information Only
Source:

Hallam, Australia
12 June 1964

AUSTRALIA
Hallam flying saucer

Clive Hallam contributed an article in the Mountain District and Knox Shire Free Press in his area on June 17 concerning a UFO incident in the area. The account was followed by a report from South and Narre Warren North claims to have seen a flying saucer hovering over Hallam last Friday. The people were in two separate parties, but saw the object at the same time.

"The first flying saucer report in the Dandenongs in years. A few years ago, a Patch Road resident, Reg Merry, saw a large cigarette object hovering in fog not far from his home."

"The four young people were travelling home to Belgrave South from Dandenong. They saw the object about 5.55 p.m. before their house."

With him were Jan. of the first car, Roger Preston, 19, of Hallam Road, South Belgrave, who drove the car. Other passengers were Narre Warren North, Marie Muffin, 17, of Gourney's Road, and Dorothy Muller.

"Preston, a mechanic with Repco in Dandenong, said: 'We were coming along the highway, about 5.55 p.m., when we saw this red light in the sky. We didn't take much notice at first but when it remained stationary we pulled over and watched it. Suddenly it took off like five minutes. We couldn't work out why the second the window down we could see a bright red light in the sky. It was about 800 feet up. It was the same area a normal plane but it was going faster than any plane and didn't take any shape at all.'"

"It went toward Melbourne. It moved from west to east, then gradually turned south."

"It looked like a flat blue when we saw its silhouetted against the sky."

In addition, Stephenson, a stenographer with C. L. Godfrey, of Dandenong, said, "As we were coming from Dandenong to Hallam in the sky, I thought to be a red light in the sky. I was hovering in the sky. As we turned into Hallam Road it came down towards us then passed in front of us."

"At its nearest point it was about 800 feet away. It looked like a dinner plate or something similar. The bottom was slightly domed, but when we wound the window down we couldn't hear a thing."

"Both agreed that they had never before seen anything moving in the sky at a similar speed."

"Arthur Gill, 21, a mechanic with Alan Coffey Motors in Forrest Gully, said the driver of the second car, Helen Stewart, 20, of Wellington Road, Ringwood, saw the light."

"Helen said: 'I thought it was a light on a tower or something but when we got closer we could see there was nothing on the tower. It was an extraordinary light, much too low for an aeroplane.'"

"Five Pres contacted both Mordiallbin and Melbourne Airports but both said they knew nothing about it. An official at Moorabbin Airport said that the only red light on an aircraft that would remain unblinking would be a plane's landing gear but this would remain on only for six or seven seconds."

(Credit to Mrs. Sylvia Sutton of the Victorian Flying Saucer Research Society)


- page 30 -

August 13, 1964

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

This is in response to your recent letter concerning Unidentified Flying Objects.

We appreciate your forwarding the newspaper clippings with the photograph taken by an amateur photographer. However, we believe the images on the film may have been created or caused by a "freak in the developing process or some flaw in the film itself." This belief is further heightened by the photographer's admission that he observed nothing unusual during the time he was taking the photograph.

Enclosed is a summary of information on Project Blue Book, the program for the Investigation and Evaluation of Unidentified Flying Objects records. We believe this brochure will be of interest to you.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Enclosures

Mr. [redacted]
[redacted]
Nuneaton, Leicester
England


- page 31 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDBW                                                                  27 Jul 64
SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO: Hq USAF SAFOI FB (Mrs Gaisar)
     Wash D C 20330

1. Reference the Attached letter from                requesting information
   on a newspaper clipping. This letter is forwarded to your office for
   reply.

2. It is suggested that a Fact Sheet be sent to Mr.                 Comments
   regarding the photo of the (Space Man) - Mr.                 should not that
   the photographer,                 observed nothing when the picture was
   taken. Possibly the image was created or caused by a freak in the
   developing process or some flaw in the film itself. In any event, the
   photographer indicates that he did not observe anything when the
   picture was taken.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of] ERIC T. JONCKHEERE, Major
               Colonel, USAF
               Deputy for Technology
               and Subsystems

1 Atch
Ltr & News Clipping


- page 32 -

Dear Sir,

I am much pleased to your request for information regards following matters in 1955 by Professor Kranzell, & enclose the press cutting, taken from the British daily newspaper the Daily Mirror.

I will discuss and file down, copy reports in connection with this report. I believe this report will be received with more interest and encouragement by your department in the U.S.H. & am not a flying saucer enthusiast. Let wish all the

[Note: The last line appears to be cut off and incomplete]


- page 33 -

The text on this page is very faint and partially illegible. I can make out some words and partial sentences, but cannot confidently transcribe the entire document. The visible text appears to be handwritten and seems to be part of a report or statement, but the details are too unclear to definitively state what it says.


- page 34 -

Here is the text I can discern from the image:

"...warning reports of a sighting along with thousands of other reports are beginning to accumulate.

Yours faithfully,"

A portion of the text is partially illegible, and there is a black redacted section in the middle of the document. The text appears to be from a letter or report related to UFO sightings.


- page 35 -

Information Only
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64

Pemberville, Ohio
13 June 1964

Para 13: Pemberville, Ohio: Mrs. Karen Fails reported to the Akron UFO Research Committee that she and her slightly lighted object observed and apparently less about 200 yards away at 9 pm. The lights dimmed and brightened, changing to a dark red as the UFO disappeared. They were arranged in a row on the perimeter of a field near some trees and buildings.

Fifth, Ohio: a boy and his parents observed high-lighted UFO about 8:30 p.m....no other details given.


- page 36 -

Information Only

Source:                                                                   Carlisle
                                                                   13 June 1964

The stranger in the photograph

Without necessarily suggesting that this strange occurrence has any connection with flying saucers, we quote the following item from the London Daily Express for June 13:

"On the lonely marsh beside the Solway Firth, Jim Templeton placed his daughter Elizabeth. And in the distance the Chapel, Cross atomic station and a farmhouse were visible.

"Jim, a 45-year-old Carlisle fireman, went off his colour film for processing. Back it came with a note: 'You had picture but something spoiled by strange figure.'

"I don't know anything about it," says, but there was definitely nobody in front of my camera except Elizabeth. There was nothing in the background. My wife and my other daughter were behind me.

"There wasn't even a tree or anything in the skyline which could have cast a shadow. The film was made at Burgh Marsh. Second Elizabeth the picture showed a 'spaceman' in a white garb and helmet. He looked about 7ft. tall.

"Carlisle police experts studied the picture. Detective Chief Superintendent Tom O'Donnell said yesterday: 'At first sight nothing in the photograph looks out of place. It shows someone in white, but Mr. Templeton says there was no one else about. It is very puzzling.'

"We're not taking it seriously. It might have been a trick of light or something," was the comment made out of behalf of the Ministry of Defence.

Daily Record of June 20 in its first edition says: 'A "phantom" figure has not been sent in to the Ministry of Defence in Whitehall. The photograph will be further examined as a test of light or air draft has been made.'


- page 37 -

Information Only
Source: America UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64

Lynn, Mass
15 June 64

June 15, Lynn, Mass: Two persons observed a dome-shaped UFO with a revolving red light on the underside at close range.


- page 38 -

16 - 30 JUNE 1964 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                      OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

16      Washington, D.C.                                         INSUFFICIENT DATA
18      O'Neill, Nebraska                                        INSUFFICIENT DATA
19      San Jose, California                                     INSUFFICIENT DATA
22      28.5°N, 33.33W (Gulf of Mexico)                          OTHER (MUNITIONS TEST)
23      Big Pine Kay, Florida                                    AIRCRAFT
23      Binghamton, N.Y.                                         INSUFFICIENT DATA
25      Poulson, Montana                                         1. SATELLITE
                                                                 2. AIRCRAFT
25      El Paso, Texas                                           BALLOON
26      Dayton, Ohio                                             AIRCRAFT
26      Clairton, Pa.                                            1. SIGHTING (INSUFFICIENT DATA)
                                                                 2. PHOTO (INSUFFICIENT CLARITY)

27      Cincinnati, Ohio                                         SATELLITE
27      30.5CN 175.4CW (Pacific)        Military                 SATELLITE
27      Maupin, Oregon                                           ASTRO (METEOR)
28      Anderson, S.C.                                           Other (BALL LIGHTNING)
28      Richmond, Missouri                                       AIRCRAFT
Jun/Jul Spencer, Indiana                                         INSUFFICIENT DATA

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                      SOURCE                     EVALUATION

23      Conyngham, Pa.                 News Clipping
24      Kalispell, Mont.                "       "
25      Ely, Nev.                       "       "
26      Seaton Burn, England            "       "
27      Saint-Remy-des-Monts, France    "       "
29      Lavonia, Ga.                     "       "


- page 39 -

Much of the text on this page is very faint and difficult to read. I can make out some partial words and fragments, but cannot confidently reproduce a complete, accurate transcription. There appears to be a large black redaction/censorship bar in the middle of the page. The text that is visible seems to be handwritten and appears to be part of a document, but the details are too illegible to definitively state their content.


- page 40 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some parts of the text are partially illegible or cut off at the edges, so I'll transcribe what is clearly visible]

GEORGIA INQUIRER

[Various paragraphs with partially legible text, including fragments like:]

"... above the car stood on top ..."

"TROOPER CALDWELL looked at the ..."

[The right side of the document has a column with more legible text, including:]

"... July 15 (UPI) - The Air Force said today it has received official claims of a 'flying saucer' over Portugal, Belgium, Japan and Lima, Peru..."

[The bottom right section appears to discuss radio static and other phenomena, but parts are cut off or difficult to read completely.]

The document appears to be a page from a UFO-related report or newspaper article discussing various UFO sightings and reports from different locations.


- page 41 -

Here is the text I can extract from the document:

[Note: Some parts of the text are partially cut off or difficult to read completely, so I've transcribed what is clearly visible]

NATIONAL HEADQUARTERS

On the other hand, a spokesman for the Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) said...

Richard Hall, active Director of the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, is interested in...

The latest flying saucer report came from Modena from Colorado, Portugal, where a village...

They said that radio static increased tremendously while the object hovered over their...

The Air Force collects data on reported sightings and one coordinated listed site...

[The rest of the text is partially obscured or cut off at the edges of the page, making full transcription impossible]


- page 42 -

Information Only
Source:                                                      Salisbury, Rhodesia
                                                             1 June 1964

SOUTHERN RHODESIA
Ball of Fire
From the Salisbury Rhodesia Herald,
June 2:
"What was the mystery 'ball of
fire' seen spiralling down over the
outskirts of Salisbury during the
lunch hour yesterday? Mr. L. M.
Lowe, a Mount Pleasant garage proprietor said he saw the 'ball of fire'
outlined against dark cloud.

"It descended slowly and left a
trail of smoke.

"A person also seen shortly after noon
by a person in Second Street. Both
witnesses said the object was some
distance away in a north-easterly
direction.

"A Department of Civil Aviation
spokesman said: 'It was not an aircraft. None was in the vicinity at the
time.'

"A Meteorological Office spokesman said: 'It is extremely unlikely
that one of our hydrogen balloons
would burn out like that. It may well
have been a meteor,' he added."


- page 43 -

Here is the text from the document:

Information only
Source: APRO Bulletin, November 64

CHILD BURNED IN NEW MEXICO

One of the most sensational reports to come out of the spring and early summer files in New Mexico was the case of Charles Keith Davis of Hobbs, New Mexico. Here are the basic details:

On the 2nd of June at 4 p.m. Charles Davis was standing just outside the back door of his grandmother's laundry in Hobbs. The door led to the boiler room where his grandmother, Mrs. Frank Smith, was cutting a cake in preparation for preparing lunch for herself and Charles. Suddenly Mrs. Smith was horrified to see an elongated apparently metal object rise upward into the sky above Charles. She was so frightened she couldn't cry out. The thing was there for only a few seconds then with a "whoosh," it went upward into the sky, and disappeared around him. He had begun to swell, and there was a sooty deposit on his face and neck and shirt.

The object, according to Mrs. Smith, was somewhat like a top, and gave off black soot and fire. The boy stood there with his eyes tight shut and his hair standing on end until the object went away.

Mrs. Smith said that one of Charles' ears looked "like a piece of raw meat." He was not "burned badly" as some reports declared, but he was swollen so badly that his nose was scarcely visible. His eyes were swelled shut.

Samples of the boy's skin and hair were taken, along with his T-shirt and his grandmother's apron against which she held Charles, and were sent to an FBI laboratory.

Upon receipt of the initial news of the burn case, APRO contacted Mrs. Smith and obtained additional facts as well as the name of the Doctor who treated the boy. When the Doctor was contacted he yielded the following information:

The boy was treated at Lee County Hospital where he stayed for five days. The burns, which were second degree with some imbedded soot, were on the face, ears and neck and according to the Doctor (See Child Burned, page 3)

(Continued on page 1) ... one thing—Charles suffered no pain during his ordeal. The Doctor described Charles as a bright, friendly boy. Treatment of the burns consisted of sulpha thiazol ointment applied directly to the affected areas. When Charles' burns began to heal it was necessary to administer a sedative because of the intense itching.

Although the Doctor was frank and readily answered questions, he preferred that his name not be published to prevent an influx of mail inquiring about the case. He, although he would offer no opinion as to the nature of the object or the cause of the burns, seemed to believe the story told by both the boy and his grandmother.


- page 44 -

