The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record card for an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting that occurred in Lansing, Michigan on May 20, 1964.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 20 May 64
3. LOCATION: Lansing, Michigan
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: None
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not reported
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One each time
9. COURSE: Not reported
11. COMMENTS: Made several attempts to contact witnesses throughout four day period and unable to do so. Possible association with the Lansing sightings cannot be included on limited second-hand data.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Was Balloon, Possible Balloon, Probably Balloon.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text.

The text output is as follows:

as it swept around in circles over trees (and possibly played on a large layer, as the temperature was in the low thirties following a hot day, a condition conductive to an inversion layer. A UPI reporter advised that he received 14 television channels that night).

The locations from which the calls came were all close to the route of the police car. In this investigator's opinion, all the calls at or around 0:30 on 21 May may be attributed to the police-run.

1. The siren. Reports of strange noises, looping blue lights. Almost certainly results of emergency police car run at same time, 0:30, 21 May 1964, Lansing.

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Lansing City Police Log containing text entries describing various UFO reports.

EXTRACT LANSING CITY POLICE LOG

The following reports of UFO's were extracted from the Lansing City Police Log by Det David R Moody and William Nevin on 13 June 1964:

1. 21 May 64, at 0302 am, report of landing. Heard noise from elephants in Logan Shopping Center.

2. 21 May 64, at 955 pm, old man sighting saucer at Prospect and Clifford. Bright with 15 yrs of fog damage.

3. 23 May 64, Saturday at 0300 am, etc...

4. 23 May 64, Saturday at 1239 am, reported UFO.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old newspaper or document discussing a report of a UFO sighting.

THE STATE JOURNAL
Lansing, Michigan
Thurs., May 21, 1964

Was it Martians?
Odd Sound Linked to Sky Object
Mrs. ETHYL ROCKE, 6035 Hilliard rd., had just gotten up and was standing near a chest when she suddenly heard a loud noise.

The clock in Mrs. Elizabeth Rocke's living room struck three at the time she was awakened by a "terrific noise" Thursday morning.

Others reported hearing the sound on the city's south side during the same time period.

Mrs. Rocke, of 6035 Hilliard rd., had just gotten up and was standing near a chest when she suddenly heard a loud noise. 

"It sounded like a helicopter taking off," she said. "It was a very loud, pulsating sound - like something from outer space."

About the same time, her husband, Alfred, and her daughter, Wanda, 10, also heard the "whirling sound."

"It was terrifying and it lasted about five minutes," she said. "Then it seemed to be quieter and then it would build up again."

The story of course, has to have an elephant angle. 

She also heard what sounded like a trumpeting elephant at the Lansing Zoological Center.

"But the elephant couldn't have made that noise," she said. "It was just standing there while the sound came."

After the noise stopped, she said she looked outside but didn't see anything.

Mrs. Cole was the only person who reported seeing anything.

"I was too scared to go to the window at first," she said. "But then I looked out toward Holt and it looked like something was out there. It looked like some kind of a great, huge bowl, sort of spinning. It was just over the trees but it moved away straight way - just like that - burning in loops and disappearing."

She said the object had a glow.

"Neither her husband nor I got up to look at the object," Mrs. Rocke said. "We just heard the screeching noise. Sheriff Donald G. Nichols of Ingham county said his office received several telephone calls this morning asking about a "unified booming sound."

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document, possibly from 1964.

Text from the document:

LANSING-An "Unidentified Flying Object" raced across the sky Thursday evening, frightening many citizens and prompting police to compare the sightings to a flying object of larger proportions.
The bluish, circular object was described as "a great, big, swift, sort of spinning" and a "light-colored, shiny, metallic thing."
Witnesses began phoning reports to Lansing police and radio and television stations shortly after the first sighting at 12:10 a.m.
Many of the sightings were in an area near the East Lansing Shopping Center at Old Groesbeck on Lansing's northwest side.
A 15-year-old "elephant named Tulsa is on display at the Michigan State University's small animal farm told the first callers who heard a sound they heard might be Tulsa trumpeting. They decided their noise was cells pouring in.
Stanley Brauer, 40, and his wife, Blanche, were on their way home from the Lansing restaurant to Owosso. They first saw the object along Pennsylvania Ave. As they slowed was so fast that it was gone. It still tried to follow it but it was going so fast that it was going so fast that it was goune. It looked like a jet but with a lot of noise like it could in scores down to follow. Mrs. Edward Cole, 59, of Lansing, said, "It looked like a great, huge bowL It kept moving away. Inside it seemed to be loops as it as it disappeared. It was a terrible, very shrill sound that lasted about five minutes.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Preliminary Investigation of UFO Reports, May 22 - 27, 1964.
William T. Powers, Systems Engineer, Dearborn Observatory
On Friday night, May 22-23, I made a brief telephone survey in response to a request by J. A. Hynek, Director of Dearborn Observatory, following his appraisal of a UFI report of sightings in Lansing, Michigan.
My first call was to UPI in Chicago; a report of a UFO sighting had come in, but from Marion, Indiana. A subsequent call to UPI in Lansing established that reports were coming independently from both locations.
I contacted the Police Department in East Marion, and was informed that police officials in the Marion force and in police departments of surrounding towns (Tipton, Hartford, Tipton County Sheriffs office) had all received numerous reports of single lights and groups of lights, both stationary and moving, which struck witnesses as unusual enough to report. Calls to several of the other departments in the area did not add much information, as the witnesses were on patrol or were not on duty at the time. In every case I was assured that the witnesses would be available if a complete investigation were carried out; in most cases the sightings were logged, or else the records so small enough that the individuals involved will be easy to find.
I did succeed in locating one witness who saw an orange light low in the northwest sky, apparently "1200 - 500 feet high, three to six miles away", having driven to the west end of town (Hartford City) after hearing over his police car radio comments about other sightings in progress. The officer, Robert Meredith, reports that the Blackford county sheriff also had another man who saw the same orange light. It seems clear that the object was Venus, just prior to setting.
The other reports may involve more definite motion, and some involve multiple objects (at least one observation through binoculars), so the Venus explanation cannot readily be extended without further information.
Having established that enough information could be obtained through the sources I reached, I did not pursue the investigation further, but reported my findings to J. A. Hynek at Dearborn Observatory.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed report or document.

The text found in the document is as follows:

The first Lansing call was to the Lansing Police Department, where I spoke with Sgt. Rice/Snyder. A series of calls had been received from residents of Southern Lansing for several days, starting at 3 AM on Wednesday morning, May 20. A list of names was obtained from the log of Wednesday, all from people who complained of a "weird noise." This noise was described approximately as a "whirring" noise, starting low and going high, then stopping. In a subsequent call to the Michigan County Sheriff's office, I was informed that at 3:44 Wednesday morning a police car had made an emergency run down Miller Street, employing a new "warbling" siren, which the desk/sergeant described as sounding "weird."

When I read him the list of addresses of the complainants, he identified most but not all, of them as being close to the route of the emergency run.

It was also found that an elephant was tethered all night in a shopping center nearby, part of a promotion stunt.

The reports of 3 AM Wednesday, therefore, may tentatively be connected with the known emergency run, at least those definitely concerned with noises, which I understand is true in all cases.

Reports from Thursday and Friday night, however, cannot be connected with the siren, as objects were seen. There appear to be several independent sightings of different objects. 

One object, a bright blue or blue-green light, was seen descending to the ground (that is, going out of sight following a downward course) by two people, Mr. Smith and Mr. Jones. Each was in his own car on the way home when he caught sight of the object. Both were impressed sufficiently to attempt to drive to where the object disappeared, and both seem to have thought it might be an aircraft in trouble. The men met subsequently, while one was acting in his capacity of television announcer ( for WJLX) at a remote broadcast from a Lansing restaurant (---- in Lansing, and here they each learned that the other had seen the light. Unfortunately, it appears that they have already compared their stories, as both reported to me in phone calls Saturday morning that they had found that they had seen the same object.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Output of text from the document:

the sighting took place at "12:10 to 12:15") Both men have agreed to cooperate
in any detailed investigation.
One of the calls associated with the night of the emergency run previous
mentioned was from a farmer in Grand Ledge, who called the [REDACTED] 
department with a report that he had seen a flying officer land and take off again.
A police car from the Ingham County Sheriffs office was dispatched, but before it arrived, the object was gone; the investigating
patrol reported sighting nothing unusual, so the sighting was not logged; the name
of the farmer may be difficult to discover. The farmer said the object was about
35 feet in diameter. The police officer clearly believes the man to be "mistaken".
There are several more reports which need to be straightened out better than
I could do over the telephone. One involves two men coming home from the night shift
(apparently) at Oldsmobile, and a car parked in front of a house. They
saw a car parked in front of the house when they heard a weird noise ( apparently not
the siren - time is wrong) and saw an object that looked like a shooting star
going behind the house. It made ( or something made) a sufficiently impressive noise
that [REDACTED] wife jumped out of bed, terrified, the sound having awakened her.
Between phone calls to [REDACTED] and [REDACTED] on Saturday morning, I received
an unsolicited call from a reporter, Dick Frazier of the Lansing State-Journal, who
was trying to find out if my calls of the night before were legitimate, and who had
another report which came in just after I had ceased operations Friday night. Mrs.
[REDACTED], Rd., Lansing, saw three objects at 9:00, 9:45, and
11:00 PM on the 20th, at least one of which showed shape ( outline, not point source)
and which was observed through binoculars. Mrs. [REDACTED] husband also saw the objects;
and they called some neighbors who also were witnesses. One object was described
as roughly circular with many little white lights on its underside. Mrs. [REDACTED] did
not report until she heard of other reports, for fear she would be called crazy.
Another man is willing to talk to me in detail: Northwestern ( Frazier informed
her of our investigations). Mrs. [REDACTED] address is described as being "non".

- page 8 -

There appears to be no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text. 

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

a street which appears on the list of coMminants ( not in chronological involving a report from the "noise" reports.

Saturday afternoon the final call before making this report was received from Sgt Case, #38, of the Michigan State Police, in response to my request for any additional information that he might have. He reported that a Mrs. Smith, of 1012 N. Cedar Street, Lansing, had just reported that she heard on the night of the 20th a "very strange whirring" sound from her back yard, at 9:00 or 9:15 PM. She saw nothing, but found a burned area in her yard, about 10 feet by 4 or 5 feet in dimensions. Leaves lying on the ground were charred, but the grass underneath was not. She has saved samples of the leaves, and is willing to be interviewed. She, too, delayed her report for fear of ridicule, until other reports were publicized. Her husband saw what she saw, and heard the noise.

This brief report actually represents only a small portion of the reports that were received and logged at the police departments in the area. All police agencies appear quite willing to cooperate, and individuals seem to show a healthy mixture of interest and skepticism. My impression is that a more detailed reading of the logs with examination of records as to numbers of movements will eliminate the bulk of reports concerned with noises only, but that other events appear to have occurred which require more detailed investigation and probably will call for several different explanations.

There follows a list of AGENCIES and some of the persons who made reports; this is a very abbreviated list, and is given only for the purpose of aiding identification of the proper log pages or proper individuals with whom to communicate.

MARION, INDIANA POLICE DEPARTMENT: 317 - NO 8-8131
Tom Dennis, Chief 
Richard Harrigan, Asst. Chief. Refer: men who work North car, right

KOKOMO, INDIANA POLICE DEPARTMENT (SHERIFF'S POLICE)- 317-01, 2-2+4
HARTFORD CITY POLICE DEPARTMENT, 317 - 348-7530

- page 9 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing textual information.

TIPTON POLICE DEPARTMENT, TIPTON, INDIANA
TIPTON COUNTY(SHERIFF'S)POLICE Sightings Sunday through Tuesday, May 17-19. 
INDIANA STATE POLICE

LANSING, MICHIGAN POLICE DEPARTMENT : 517 - IV 5-7165
Sgt. Reif Snyder, desk. Gave following names: [redacted]
Lansing
[redacted] Rd., Lansing
[redacted] Holt (This one far from emergency run)
[redacted] Rd. (this one near [redacted] reside
[redacted], Lansing
[redacted], Lansing
[redacted], Lansing
MASON, MICHIGAN: INGHAM COUNTY SHERIFF'S POLICE: 517 - OR 7-9661

Lansing: MICHIGAN STATE POLICE: 517 - ED 2-2521
Investigated call from farmer about saucer landing.
OFFICER Bassett at desk.
LANSING MICHIGAN: [redacted]
Saw blue light descend.
Lansing, MICHIGAN: [redacted]
Saw same blue light.
LANSING, michigan: [redacted], Lansing (Near [redacted])
Informant: Dick Frazier, of Lansing State-Journal, reporter.

- page 10 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PRELIMINARY WEATHER REPORT: temperatures in area on Wed, May 20, and Thursday May 21 (night) in mid-thirties - high probability of inversion layer. UFO reporter/volunteer information that he received 1/2 television channels Wed/night.

- page 11 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scan of a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Preliminary Investigation of UFO Reports, May 17 - 22, 1964 
William L. Towers, Director, Dearborn Observatory

On Friday night, May 22-23, I made a brief telephone survey in response to a request by J. A. Hynek, Director of Dearborn Observatory, following his appraisal of a UFI report of sightings in Lansing, Michigan.

My first call was to UFI in Chicago; a report of a UFO sighting had come to them about the same time. A subsequent call to UPI in Lansing established that reports were coming independently from both locations. 

I contacted the Police Department in Ionia Marion, and was informed that police officers in the Marion force and in police departments of surrounding towns ( Tipton, Hartford, Tiptop Country Sheriff's office, advised the UFO TYUEE NOV 19-65) had witnessed either single lights or groups of lights, both stationary and moving, which struck witnesses as unusual enough to report. Calls to several of the other departments in the area did not add much information, as the witnesses were on patrol or were not on duty at the time. In every case I was assured that witnesses would be available if a complete investigation were carried out; in most cases the sightings were logged, or else the force is small enough that the individuals involved will be easy to find.

I did succeed in locating one witness who saw an orange light low in the northwest sky, apparently "200 - 500 feet high, three to six miles away", having driven to the west end of town ( Hartford City) after hearing over his police car radio comments about other sightings in progress. The officer, Robert Hender....lth, reports that the Blackford county sheriff, and another man named Johnson, also saw the orange light. It seems clear that the object was Venus, just prior to setting.

The other reports may involve more definite motion, and some involve multiple objects ( at least one observation through binoculars), so the Venus explanation cannot readily be extended without further information.

Having established that enough information could be obtained through the Marion police department for a future investigation, I turned to the Lansing reports.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. Based on the text in the document, I will provide the output from the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
22 May 64  
2. LOCATION
Lansing, Michigan
3. DATE/THIS GROUP
28/05102
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS
Yes
No
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
two seconds
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Two observers. Light believed to be a/c crashing by both observers at different locations about 3 miles apart. Thought a/c was crashing not more than 3 - 4 miles away and made attempt to get to it area. No change in brightness.

See Lansing Case file also.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft 
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical/Meteor
Probably Astronomical
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

11. COMMENTS
METEOR observation

ATIC FORM 339 (REV 28 SEP 52)

- page 13 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image contained within this document page. The document appears to be a typed text describing an incident involving a "brilliant blue light" observed by two individuals in Lansing, Michigan on May 22, 1964.

The text output is as follows:

station WILX, Jackson, Michigan, and announcer at television station W1LX, Jackson, Michigan, and announcer at television station WJBK, Lansing, were both driving home at 0010 to 0015, Friday, 22 May. Each saw a brilliant blue light to the northeast, traveling straight down at constant speed and brightness. Each said that the object landed 3-4 miles away, and each thought of an airplane in distress. Both immediately began driving towards the place where the object had seemed to come down. The object was essentially a point-source, left no trail, and was in sight about ten seconds maximum.

described the object as having landed in woods, and described it as having landed to the northeast. At the time the two men were about three miles northeast on a line bearing about 030°. When their lines of sight are drawn on a map of Lansing, they are parallel within the limits of estimate, and cannot be made to converge closer than about ten miles away, without making either of the observers change his description of the direction substantially.

It is concluded that this sighting was of a typical or unusual other, with a slight possibility that a blue light was seen descending to the ground, but at a much greater distance than either witness estimated. The fact that the object remained bright until it reached the horizon indicates the possibility that it was seen along a path bearing approximately 030° from Lansing.

The fact that the brightness remained constant may be taken as evidence that the object was remaining at approximately a constant distance (and hence, actually travelling straight down) or that the object was moving rapidly away and becoming brighter fast enough to overcome increasing atmospheric absorption and inverse-square law dimming. Since the object was described as "brilliant" from the very start, the brightness thing five ever seen, it must have become quite spectacular to observers along its path as its brightness increased enough to give the impression of constancy to the two original observers - the chances, therefore, of its having been observed farther northwest, assuming it was a fireball, should be excellent.

Lack of such observations may be given some weight as evidence against the meteor hypothesis, if none are reported.

4.

0010-0015 EST, 22 May 1964. Observers, three miles apart, landed a few miles away. Both saw to northeast. Possible meteor, with exception of constant intensity maintained over entire flight path. Lansing - Ann Arbor Lansing.

- page 14 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a typed document that appears to be an extract from Sgt. Moody's trip report.

EXTRACT FROM SGT MOODY'S TRIP REPORT

The sound occurred after she had heard a siren going down the street. The sound lasted less than a minute. She had the impression that it disappeared by going up rather than away. The sound gradually faded out. Her husband was asleep and did not hear the noise. When he awoke at 2030 pm, she informed him of this event. She seemed certain that the sound came from the air and was not a sound produced by any appliance in the house. She could not locate the source of the sound more than hear it. Information regarding the sample of leaves revealed that at 1715 on the following day she took out rubbish to the incinerator the notice charred leaves in the garage doorway. A proof examines shows this location. No foliage surrounding the area was charred. No foliage or any indications of a fire or burned areas were noted. It is assumed that the charred leaves were dropped or carried to this spot by wind from a source nearby. It is possible that the notice heard by Mrs. ___ and other witnesses is the noise heard by her during this period. The last sample contains no radioactive or unusual substance.

SIGHTING OF

From the residence Sgt. Moody proceeded to contact Mr. ___ at his restaurant, the ___ and rejoined Mrs. ___ and his wife had observed as a meteor. The duration of two seconds and a description that the object looked like an aircraft in flames crashing with this analysis. Mrs. ___ had also observed the object at the same time. A check of a local map and the direction that both reported the object indicates that it was a considerable distance away.

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document page. The image shows a newspaper article with the headline "Whining Object in Sky Mystifies Lansing".

Free Press Telephones
For Home Delivery 222-6500
To Place Want Ad 222-6600
City News Desk 222-6600
Sports (after 2 p.m.) 222-6660
Insurance Dept. 222-6600
All Other Calls 222-6100

Detroit Free Press
Friday, May 22, 1964
THE SECOND FRONT PAGE
Page 3, Section A

Whining Object in Sky Mystifies Lansing

LANSING - An "Unidentified Flying Object" reportedly hovered over the city, drawing sizable attention, on-lookers, and prompting a police call to compare the sighting with similar incidents on previous occasions.

"It was very large, like a basketball and kept falling down like a leaf," according to Don Weigandt, 30, a television newscaster in Jackson.

He said "it was very fast, but seemed to be darting around, not quite knowing where it wanted to go."

Weigandt first saw the object while driving to his East Lansing home along Collins Road. Elmer Speers, of 1008 W. Dunlap, Lansing, said, "I'll swear the thing landed right in my place."

"The revolutions sort of slackened off, like a toy that has been turned off," he said, "then just hung there until it took off again."

Army Capt. Donald Krolson, a graduate student at Michigan State University, said, "I thought it was a furnace starting up again. Then I realized it sounded like a helicopter. So I went outside to check on Cedar St. But it was gone."

One unidentified woman said she saw the UFO rise and then take off again.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It is solely a text document.

Preliminary Investigation of UFO Reports, May 17 - 22, 1964. William B. Powers, Dearborn Observatory.

On Friday night, May 22-23, I made a brief telephone survey in response to a request by J. A. Hynek, Director of Dearborn Observatory, following his appraisal of a UFI report of sightings in Lansing, Michigan. 

My first call was to UFI in Chicago; a report of a UFO sighting had come in, but from Marion, Indiana. A subsequent call to UFI in Lansing established this report was coming independently from observations.

I contacted the Police Department in East Marion, and was informed that police officers in the Marion force and in police departments of surrounding towns ( Tipton, Hartford, Tipton Country Sheriffs office, etc.) had witnessed either single lights or groups of lights, both stationary and moving, which struck witnesses as unusual enough to report. Calls to several of the other departments in the area did not add much information, as the witnesses were on patrol or not on duty at the time. In every case I was assured that witnesses would be available if a complete investigation were carried out; in most cases the sightings were logged, or else the force is small enough that the individuals involved will be easy to find.

I did succeed in locating one witness who saw an orange light low in the northwest sky, apparently "2000 - 500 feet high, three to six miles away", having driven to the west end of town ( Hartford City) after hearing over his police car radio communications about other sightings in the area. The officer, Robert Meredith, reports that the Blackford county sheriff and another man also saw the orange light. It seems clear that the object was Venus, just prior to setting.

The other reports may involve more definite motion, and some involve multiple objects ( at least one observation through binoculars), so the Venus explanation cannot readily be extended without further information. 

Having established that enough information could be obtained through the Marion police department for a future investigation, I turned to the Lansing reports.

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The text appears to be a typed report of a UFO sighting incident that occurred in Lansing, Michigan on May 20, 1964.

The text of the document is as follows:

The first Lansing call was to the Lansing Police Department, where I spoke with Sgt. Mark/Snyder. A series of calls had been received from residents of Southern Lansing for several days, starting at 3 AM on Wednesday, May 20. A list of names was obtained from the log of Wednesday, all from people who complained of a "weird noise." This noise was described approximately as a "whirring" noise, starting low and going high, then stopping. In a subsequent call to the Ingham County Sheriff's office, I was informed that at 3AM Wednesday morning a police car had made an emergency run down Miller Street, employing a new "warbling" siren, which the desk/sergeant described as sounding "weird."

When I read him the list of addresses of the complainants, he identified most, but not all, of them as being close to the route of the emergency run.

It was also found that an elephant was tethered all night in a shopping center nearby, part of a promotion stunt.

The reports of 3 AM Wednesday, therefore, may tentatively be connected with the known emergency run, as least those definitely concerned with noises, which I understand is true in all cases.

Reports from Thursday and Friday night, however, cannot be connected with the siren, as objects were seen. There appear to be several independent sightings of different objects.

One object, a bright blue or blue-green light, was seen descending "to the ground" (that is, going out of sight, following a downward course) by two people, and both saw it do this on the way home. When he caught sight of the object, both were impressed sufficiently to attempt to drive to where the object disappeared, and both seem to have thought it might be an aircraft in trouble. The man not subsequently, while in his capacity of television announcer (for WJXM) at a remote broadcast from a restaurant in Lansing, and here they each learned that the other had seen the light. Unfortunately, it appears that they have already compared stories, as both reported to me in phone calls separately warning that the other had seen the light.

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

the sighting took place at (12:10 to 12:15). Both men have agreed to cooperate in any detailed investigation.

One of the calls associated with the night of the emergency run previously mentioned was from a farmer in Grand Ledge, who called the department with a report that he had seen a flying saucer land and take off again.

A police car 5 miles from the scene was dispatched, but before it arrived the farmer, whose name was not obtained, said that the object was gone; the investigating patrol reported sighting nothing unusual, so the sighting was not logged, the name of the farmer may be difficult to discover (nothing).

There are several more reports which need to be straightened out better then I could do over the telephone. One involves two men coming home from the night shift (apparently) at Oldsmobile, and a car parked in front of someone's house when/heard a weird noise (apparently not the siren - time is wrong) and saw an object that looked like a shooting star going behind the house. It made (or something made) a sufficiently impressive noise that it caused them to stop and take a look.

Between phone calls to and on Saturday morning, I received an unsolicited call from a reporter, Dick Frazier of the Lansing State-Journal, who was trying to find out if my calls of the night before were legitimate, and who had another report which came in just after I had ceased operations Friday night. A Mrs. in Lansing, saw three objects as 9:00, 9:45, and 11:00 PM on the 20th, at least one of which showed shape (outline, not point source) and which was observed through binoculars. Mrs. husband also saw the objects and called some neighbors who also were witnesses. One object was described as reddish in color with many little white lights on its underside. She did not report until she heard of other reports, for fear she would be called crazy.

Frazier says she is willing to talk to scientists from Northwestern (Frazier informed her of our investigations). Mrs. address is described as being "near" area.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed page from an old Project Blue Book document.

Text from the document:

A street which appears on the list of complainants ( not in chronological order) from Wednesday night, and which should be checked as possibly involving different report from the "model" reports.

Saturday afternoon the final call before making this report was received from Sgt Costopolos, of the Michigan State Police, in response to my request for any additional information that might arise. He reported that a Mrs. \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, 1234 South Street, Lansing, heard on the night of the 20th a very strange "whirring" sound from her back yard, at 9:00 or 9:15 PM. She saw nothing, but found a burned area in her yard, about 10 feet by 4 or 5 feet in dimensions. Leaves lying on the ground were disturbed, but the ground underneath was not. She has saved samples of the leaves, and is willing to be interviewed, she reported, until other reports were publicized. Her husband say what she saw, he heard the noise.

This brief report actually represents only a small portion of the reports that were received and logged at the police departments in the area. All police agencies appear willing to cooperate, and individuals seem to show a healthy mixture of interest and skepticism. My impression is that a more detailed reading of the logs together with examination of records of emergency-car movements will eliminate the bulk of reports concerned with noises only, but that other events appear to have occurred which require more detailed investigation and probably will call for several different explanations.

There follows a list of some of the persons who made reports; this is a very abbreviated list, and is given only for the purpose of aiding identification of the proper logs, reports or proper individuals with whom to communicate.

MARION, INDIANA POLICE DEPARTMENT: 317 - NO 8-8131
Tom Dennis, Chief 
Richard Harrigan, Asst. Chief

KOKOMO, INDIANA POLICE DEPARTMENT (SHERIFF'S POLICE): 317-CI, 2-2444
HARTFORD CITY POLICE DEPARTMENT 317 - 348-3730
Officer Robert Kearney, Sgt, Chief

- page 20 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing various text entries.

TIPTON POLICE DEPARTMENT, TIPTON, INDIANA
TIPTON COUNTY(SHERIFF'S)POLICE Sightings Sunday through Tuesday, May 17-19-
INDIANA STATE POLICE
LANSING, MICHIGAN POLICE DEPARTMENT: 517 - IV 5-7165
Sgt. Reif Snyder, desk: Cave following names: Many available:
Lansing
Mrs. Lansing
Mrs. Lansing
Mrs. Lansing
Mrs. Lansing
Mr. Lansing
Mr. Lansing (Emergency run was down)
MASON, MICHIGAN: INGHAM COUNTY SHERIFF'S POLICE (originators of emergency run) 517 - OR 7-9661
Lansing: MICHIGAN STATE POLICE: 517 - ED 2-2521
Investigated call from farmer about saucer landing. 
LANSING MICHIGAN: Mr. Bassett at desk.
Saw blue light descend.
Lansing, MICHIGAN: Mr. Lansing
Saw same blue light.
LANSING, MICHIGAN: Mr. Lansing (Near Lansing). Informant: Dick Frazier, of Lansing State-Journal, reporter.

- page 21 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with only text content.

PRELIMINARY WEATHER REPORT: temperatures in area on Wed, May 20, and Thursday May 21 (night) in mid-thirties - high probability of inversion layer. UFT reporter/investigator received information that he received 14 television channels Wed night.

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

The first Lansing call was to the Lansing Police Department, where I spoke with Sgt. Rader. A series of calls had been received from residents of Southern Lansing for several days, starting at 3 AM on Wednesday morning, May 20. A list of names was obtained from the log of Wednesday, all from people who complained of a "whirring" noise. This noise was described approximately as a "whirring" noise, starting low and going high, then stopping. In a subsequent call to the Ingham County Sheriff's office, I was informed that at 3 AM Wednesday morning a police car had made an emergency run down Miller Street, employing a new "warblingnoise siren, which the desk/sergeant described as sounding "weird."

When I read him the list of addresses of the complainants, he identified most, but not all, of them as being close to the route of the emergency run.

It was also found that an elephant was tethered all night in a shopping center nearby, part of a promotion stunt. 

The reports of 3 AM Wednesday, therefore, may tentatively be connected with the known emergency run, at least those definitely concerned with noises, which I understand is true in all cases.

Reports from Thursday and Friday night, however, cannot be connected with the siren, as objects were seen. There appear to be several independent sightings of different objects.

One object, a bright blue or blue-green light, was seen descending "to the ground" (that is, going out of sight following a course) by two people. Mr. and Mrs. each was in his own car on the way home when he caught sight of the object. Both were impressed sufficiently to attempt to drive to where the object disappeared, and both seem to have thought it might be an aircraft in trouble. The man met subsequently, while Weigandt was acting in his capacity of television announcer (for WILX) at a remote broadcast from a restaurant in ________, was listening, and have they each seemed that the other had seen the light. Unfortunately, it appears that neither have actually compared their stories, as both reported to me in phone calls that ______ morning that their stories differed in minor details.

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card, which is a document used to record information about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 26 Apr 
2. LOCATION: Lansing, Michigan
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1931/2345Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: XX Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10-15 minutes
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1-2,10
8. COURSE: South to West
9. CONCLUSIONS: Was Ball on
Probably Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Other: Unidentified, possibly a publicity seeker
10. COMMENTS: Witness regarded as a publicity seeker

- page 24 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text of the document is as follows:

MICHIGAN STATE POLICE
DISPATCH REPORT

To, District .
eau of Division.

Dean Lansing 
(Name)

Township   Village
City .

Complaint No. 21-3591-64
File Class No. 521
Message No.

Date May 27, 1964

MI
(Number)

Telephone No.
Time Rec'd. 10:50 AM

Complaintant or Complainant .

Received by
Officer - 

   Mrs. Jessie Lassiog, Lashing, Michigan
(Name &Address)

Investigated by Cpl. Richard Webb 

This is a supplementary report, complete this box.
This is a supplementary report, complete this box.

Report concludes | Complaint Unfounded | | Complaint Closed by Arrest | Service Rendered | Other Disposition

Disposition of Final Disposition

NATURE OF COMPLAINT
Reports sighting of unidentified flying objects

REPORT:
Complainant called the post and stated that at about 9:50 PM on 5-26-64 while at home on M-99 near the village limits, he saw two unidentified flying objects (UFOs) over the area. He reported that the UFOs were bright silverish in color, going to and fro, and that they seemed to chase each other. He could not see the shape but said they were larger than the two aircraft flying together in this area frequently. The objects maintained a steady altitude and there was no sound. The complainant said the sighting lasted about 20 minutes.

REMARKS:
The investigating officer after clearing with Operations made a person to person call and reported the details of the complaint. The officer stated that the sighting was made at 9:50 PM on 5-26-64 and lasted about 20 minutes. No further information available and no further action proposed. 

EXHIBIT:
None.

Respectfully Submitted,
Richard K. Webb, Cpl. 
East Lansing Post #14

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a Project 10073 record card that documents an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting. The text on the image is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 27 MAY 64
2. LOCATION Lansing, Michigan
3. DATE-TIME GROUP Local 
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION □ Ground-Radar
□ Instrument □ Ground-Visual
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar
5. PHOTOS? □ Yes
6. CIVILIAN
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 1.5 minutes
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
9. COURSE Stationary for a couple of seconds and then moved either up or down and then toward that star. The star, in turn, moved away and high.
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
(Observer) reported that for 1.5 minutes she had beenobserving an obj flashing or rotating red light directly out of her home. Motion toward and away from one star to it's north. Obj then moved either up or down and then toward that star. The star, in turn, moved away and high.
11. COMMENTS
WITNESS G. 4-oh w/decl of +13. This place obj at about 290 az 15 deg elev at time of sighting. Motion along elliptic to NE (220) S star moved which obj moved was Capella, at 320 az 20 deg elev.

- page 26 -

There is no photograph present in this document. It appears to be a case summary sheet from the Michigan State Police regarding a UFO sighting.

Transcription of the text in the document:

MICHIGAN STATE POLICE
CASE CONVERSATION SHEET

Nature of Complaint: UFO

DATE   OFFICER   ACTION
3-27-64   Sgt. W. J.   Received a call at 9:34 P.M. from a woman who reported that for the past 45 minutes she had watched a flashing or rotating red light directly west of her home. It seemed to move from one star north, then back toward this one star. It would be stationary for a couple of seconds, move either up or down then north and back toward that one star. Was far away and high. No sound.

6-5-64   Olmstead   A man by the name of [REDACTED] reported that an object appeared about the size of a large star only much brighter. Described as round, hovering at different heights, about 1 minute approx. Disappeared as though turned off. Can see buzzing sound or exhaust. No vapors, no clouds. Weather clear. Lasted much longer than usual.

6-13-64   10:40P   [REDACTED] of [REDACTED] stated, "Just off Bentley, Flashing light in the sky - North".

- page 27 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

order) from Wednesday night, and which should be checked as possibly different

report from the "basic" reports.

Saturday afternoon the final call before making this report was received from 
Sgt Gastorff of the Michigan State Police, in response to my request for any additional 
information that might arise. He reported that a Mrs. ___ ___, of ___ Street, 
Lansing,/heard on the night of the 20th a very strange "whirring" sound from her 
back yard, at 9:00 or 9:15 P.M. She saw nothing, but found a burned area in 
her back yard, about 10 feet by 4 or 5 feet in dimensions. Leaves lying on the ground 
were charred, but the grass underneath was not. She has saved samples of the leaves, 
and is willing to be interviewed. She, too, delayed her report for fear of publicity, 
until other reports were publicized. Her husband saw what she saw, heard the noise.

This brief report actually represents only a small portion of the reports 
that were received and logged at the police departments in the area. All police agencies 
appear quite willing to cooperate, and individuals seem to show a healthy mixture of 
interest and skepticism. My impression is that a more detailed reading of the logs 
together with examination of records of routine emergency-car 
movements will eliminate the bulk of reports concerned with noises only, but that 
other events appear to have occurred which require more detailed investigation and 
probably will call for several different explanations.

There follows a list of names of agencies and persons who made reports; this 
is a very abbreviated list, and is given only for the purpose of adding identification 
of the proper log pages or proper individuals with whom to communicate.

MARION, INDIANA POLICE DEPARTMENT: 317 - NO 5-8131
Tom Dennis, Chief
Richard Harvey, Asst. Chief.

KOKOMO, INDIANA POLICE DEPARTMENT (SHERIFF'S POLICE) - 317-GR 2-2444
HARTFORD CITY POLICE DEPARTMENT 317 - 348-3730

- page 28 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in this scanned UFO report document. The provided text appears to be a typed report describing various UFO sightings and related events, but no images are visible.

the sighting took place at "12:10 to 12:15". Both men have agreed to cooperate in any stated investigation.

One of the calls associated with the night of the emergency run previously mentioned was from a farmer in Grand Ledge, who called the Indiana Department with a report that he had seen a flying object land and take off again.

A police car 5 miles from the scene was dispatched, but before it arrived the farmer, whose name was not obtained, said that the object was gone, the investigating patrol reported sighting nothing untoward, so the sighting was not logged, the thing of the farmer may be difficult to discover. 

There are several more reports which need to be straightened out better than I could do over the telephone. One involves two men coming home from the night shift (apparently) at Oldsmobile, and say ... The two men were in a car parked in front of a ... house when/heard a weird noise (apparently not the siren - time is wrong) and saw an object that looked like a shooting star going behind trees blocking their view.

Between phone calls ... and Saturday morning, I received an unsolicited call from a reporter, Dick Frazier of the Lansing State-Journal, who was trying to find out if my calls of the night before were legitimate, and who had another report which came in just after I had ceased operations Friday night. A Mrs. ... Lansing, saw three objects at 9:00, 9:45, and 11:00 PM on the 20th, at least one of which showed shape (outline, not point source) and which her children and her neighbors who also saw the objects.

Frazier says she is willing to talk to scientists from Northwestern ( Frazier informed her of our investigations). Mrs. ... address is described as being "near" ...

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document containing text related to UFO sightings investigated by Project Blue Book.

TIPTON POLICE DEPARTMENT, TIPTON, INDIANA
TIPTON COUNTI(SHERIFF'S)POLICE Sightings Sunday through Tuesday, May 17-19.
INDIANA STATE POLICE
LANSING, MICHIGAN POLICE DEPARTMENT: 517 - IV 5-7165
Sgt. Reif Snyder, desk. Gave following names: Mrs available, Drive, Lansing
Rd., Lansing
St., Holt (This one far from emergency run)
Mrs Lansing
Mrs Lansing
Mrs Lansing
Tony Lansing
Mrs Lansing (Emergency run was down Emergency)
MASON, MICHIGAN: INGHAM COUNTY SHERIFF'S POLICE ( originators of emergency run) 517 - OR 7-9661

Lansing: MICHIGAN STATE POLICE: 517 - ED 2-2521
Investigated call from former about saucer landing.
OFFICER Bossett at desk.
LANSING MICHIGAN: Mr. Saw blue light descend.
Lansing, MICHIGAN: Mr. Saw same blue light.
LANSING, michigan: Mrs Lansing (Near Inst)
Informant: Lansing State-Journal, reporter.

- page 30 -

There does not appear to be a photograph in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document that appears to contain only text.

PRELIMINARY WEATHER REPORT: temperatures in area on Wed, May 20, and Thursday May 21 (night) in mid-thirties - high probability of inversion layer. UPI reported information that he received 14 television channels Wed night.

- page 31 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, providing details about a reported UFO sighting in Lansing, Michigan on May 21, 1964.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 21 MAY 64
2. LOCATION: Lansing, Michigan
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 21/03002
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION:
[X] Ground-Visual
[ ] Ground-Radar
[ ] Air-Visual
[ ] Air-Intercept Radar
5. SOURCE: civilian
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 min
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Multiple reports of sounds described as weirded. One visual observation of spiraling light traveling in loops.
11. COMMENTS: Police min with new type siren. Observations described as spiraling are attributed to reflection of light on police car (rotating) reflecting off hase layer.
SEE LANSING CASE FILE.

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document titled "REPORT ON UFO ACTIVITY, MAY-JUNE, 1964" and describes an investigation into reports of strange noises and sightings in Lansing, Michigan during that time period.

OCR Text Output:

REPORT ON UFO ACTIVITY, MAY-JUNE, 1964

W. T. Powers, Systems Engineer 
Dearborn Observatory, Northwestern University 
Evanston, Illinois
(Summary on Page 19)

On June 13-14, 1964, this correspondent and T. Sgt. David Moody, USAF, visited Lansing, Michigan to investigate various reports of UFO activity and apparently related phenomena which were received by local and state police during the period starting on the night of 20 May 1964 and ending 13 June, the last night of the investigation.

1. The Siren. At 0300 EST, 21 May 1964, the Lansing police department began to receive a series of calls concerning a strange noise. Those who called in described the noise as "weird" and "loud," and insisted that it was like nothing they had ever heard before. The names are listed in the police log - owing to the explanation which was found, and the existence of these names in the correspondence files, they are omitted ( more than a dozen names are recorded, and police say that after this many had called, they stopped logging further calls, of which there were many). 

The Ingham County Sheriff's Police Department reports that at 0300 on the date of the reports, a police car made an emergency run along Miller Road (E-W) and then north to a Lansing hospital, with its blue flasher going and operating its new "warbler" siren. This new siren employs a very loud tone which rises and falls both in pitch and intensity at a rapid rate - two to three times per second. The resulting noise is quite sufficient to account for both the number of calls and the conviction on the part of the callers that something extraordinary was occurring. One woman, a Mrs. E., reported a blue object "looping" or "traveling in loops," as it went by her house accompanied by the strange noise. It appears most likely that she was seeing the beam from the police-car's rotating flasher.

- page 33 -

