1. DATE : TIME GROUP
5-20 November 64  Night

2. LOCATION
St Petersburg, Florida

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Multiple

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Varied

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Usually South

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
SATELLITES, AIRCRAFT
Sightings resemble Satellite passages and A/C sighting reports.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Multiple reports of object. Objects viewed from Nov 5-20.
Sightings include ECHO passage and on occasion more than one
object was observed at the same time.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECT - November, 1964

This object appears about the same size and brightness as the planet Jupiter. The speed - as nearly as can be judged - and general motion are that of a fast or the same satellite. However, it is much brighter.

Peculiar characteristics are: Definite turns at times, sometimes twice during one pass. These are not just curves, but an abrupt change of general direction. The path at times has tended more to the west than the east of a north-south line. This object has been noted to stop and pause for 3 or 4 seconds before gradually growing dim till invisible.

On two occasions after dimming out a bright flash as that of a flash-bulb used in photography was noted after a wait of 30 to 60 seconds, and this in this same spot the object vanished.

The schedules used in locating the satellites Soho I and Soho II were obtained from the Science Department of the Junior College and their planetarium and were furnished to them by Mr. Kaufman, who is head of Moon-watch here. Mr. Kaufman is affiliated with the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory in Cambridge, Mass. He was a tracking telescope provided by Smithsonian.

When no time has been given for one or the other Soho Satellites on the accompanying loss, Mr. Kaufman previously stated that it would not be visible on that night in this area.

The first time Mr. Kaufman was contacted with a request for identification on this object (the 17th), he stated that it was neither satellite and that it must be an airplane. He was not interested in further investigation.

The following night (the 17th) an observer phoned Mr. Kaufman with the request that he go out and look in a specific location of the sky and see the object. For himself, he was trained in parallax method in his return to the phone expressed the opinion that there were 400 objects in orbit up there and this was not one of them and he had no idea what it might be but would like to be notified of its next appearance.

On the 18th Mr. followed the object with the telescope and stated that it was at least 700 miles in height and appeared as just a round ball of light. He further said he believed it was Soho II and that he was in error in his schedule of its appearance for those nights. When informed that it had been appearing similarly with Soho I and with Soho II, he said that was not unusual, that sometimes both would appear at the same time. Soho II had Soho II but he was not able to identify.

However, on the 19th he submitted a UFO report to Cambridge.

The afternoon of the 19th Mr. phoned the caller of the previous two evenings with the glad tidings that he had just that day received the schedules for Soho II and that was well and not to worry anymore, that this confirmed his identification of the object as Soho II.

The evening of the 19th still another observer poned with Mr. Kelly with a query concerning the object that had just passed over. "Without asking for the location of the object, the direction or the time, he replied that it was Soho II." Soho II, according to schedule, Mr. Kelly stated that he did not have any for Soho II.

The St. Petersburg Times, the morning paper, of November 20 carried an item headed, "Soho Visits," in Bay Area This "item consisted of the schedule for Soho I for the month through the 28th. No mention of Soho II.


- page 2 -

Page two

UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECT - November, 1964

When still another caller asked Mr. [illegible] to check on the Bobo II schedule, for a few days previous, he was informed that there was none.

Mr. [illegible] probably considers himself sat upon by a conspiracy. In this he is mistaken. The entire mystery in a group and each learned the others had called Mr. [illegible].

The fact that this object is herein called an "Unidentified Aerial Object" is not to suggest that one observes ballistic or social-air-saucer. The appellation is attached to it simply because it is some sort of object high overhead and no other destination as aptly describes it.

This object is definitely not an airplane. It is not a balloon. And it should be difficult for a bird to attain that altitude. The moon has remained in the same spot while this unknown moved across the sky. Venus is not yet up to be seen at the hours of these observations.

The sky has been remarkably clear of clouds for some time except for the dates when clouds were noted in the log. On the 20th the occasional cams in bands and while one part of the sky would be obscured another would be quite clear. On two other occasions there were quite scattered clouds, but not sufficient to hamper viewing moving objects.


- page 3 -

UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECT - November, 1964

Date Time
5    8:45    UAO started very low in due north. Rose up in direction toward due south. At 45° height it stopped about 3 seconds and grew dimmer till invisible.

6    8:15    UAO from low due north toward due south. At zenith stopped about 3 seconds and dimmed out.

8:18    Echo I from low northwest to northeast. Passed right under UAO.

7    7:00    UAO from due north to due south, horizon to horizon.
7:45    UAO from north-northeast to south-southeast.

9:01    Echo I very low from northwest to northeast.

8    7:50    Echo I due but sky completely obscured by clouds.

9    6:45    UAO northwest to southeast.

8:35    UAO northwest toward northeast. Stopped about ½ inch (as measured at arm's length) west of Polaris. Paused then dimmed out.

10   6:45    UAO from northeast to southeast.

8:17    Echo II high in northwest.

11   6:30    UAO from northeast to west-southwest. A definite turn was observed - almost a corner.

7:49    Echo II from north to south.

12   6:54    UAO from northwest toward northeast. Stopped about 1 inch west of Capella, paused 3 or 4 seconds, dimmed out.
        Neither Echo was scheduled to be visible this date.

13   6:50    UAO started in north-northeast, traveled toward south-southwest. Will about 15° past zenith then made definite turn to south-southeast.
        UAO made another pass from northwest to northeast but the time is not certain. Both viewed through binoculars by individuals in opposite sections of town. Shape of light roughly wider than high. No object discerned behind light.

7:48    Echo I from low northwest to northeast.

14   8:18    Echo II due but sky completely obscured by clouds.

15   7:20    UAO first sighted just below Polaris. Stopped and paused about 1 inch west before dimming out.

7:47    Echo II high in northwest.

16   7:20    UAO from north-northwest to south-southwest.

8:01    Echo I northwest to northeast.

17   6:50    UAO from just below Polaris to south-southwest.

6:50    Echo I northwest to northeast. Passed below UAO.

18   6:20    UAO from high northeast to southeast.

7:31    Echo I from low northwest to high northeast.

19   6:13    Echo I north to east-northeast.

7:44    UAO from north-northwest to southwest.

8:24    Echo I from northwest xxxxxx

20   7:13    Echo I due low in north. Too cloudy.

7:14    UAO northwest to southwest in clear portion of sky.


- page 4 -

INTERPLANETARY INTELLIGENCE
OF
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLA.
6164 - 34th Ave. No.
St. Petersburg, Florida 33710
November 21, 1964

Major Hector Quintanilla
HQ PTD (AFSC)
Box 9494
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Dear Maj. Quintanilla:

Herewith attached is a log of our observations of an unidentified aerial object.
Mr. Hayden G. Hewes suggested we forward this to you for your information.

We have been unable to reconcile these sightings with the available schedules for Echo I and Echo III.
We would appreciate your advice as to the identification of this object.

Yours truly,
[Signature]
Joan Whitnour
Representative for State of Florida
I. T. Co. U. P. O.

[Another Signature]
(Mrs.) Helen G. Hartmann
Member: Aerial Phenomena Research Organization
6135 - 66th St. No., Lot 125
St. Petersburg, Florida 33709

W. F. RIEFER
Director
H. C. HEWES
Associate Director
J. MANEY
Deputy Director


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFTER 5 DAYS RETURN TO
Mrs. Joan Whritenour
6464 - 34th Ave. No.
ST. PETERSBURG FLORIDA 33710

Major Hector Quintanilla
HQ FTD (AFSC)
Box 9494
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio


- page 6 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEM/UFO
SUBJECT: UFO Sightings, November 1964, Florida                                   2 Dec 64

TO: Hq USAF SAFOI PB (Mrs Hunt)
     Wash D C 20330

1. Reference the attached letter from Joan Whitenour and
Mrs Helen G Hartmann pertaining to unidentified flying objects.

2. The following is a suggested reply:

We have received your reports from 5-20 Nov 64 regarding
various observations of satellites and satellite like objects.

On the limited data presented for each observation it is
impossible to make a firm statement as to the cause of each
observation. However, no data was presented to indicate that
these sightings could not have been caused by the passage of
various satellites and/or high flying aircraft.

In reporting observations a certain minimum amount of information
is required for evaluation; this includes a description of the
object, duration of the sighting and the time motion sequence if
the object has repeated motion.

These objects reported may or may not be caused by the same
phenomena. However, it is quite likely that ECHO I and II were
the cause of most of the sightings. Those sightings making definite
turns, (not an illusion) have significant periods of time, were
probably caused by aircraft. The ECHO schedules for November are
attached.

The characteristics presented do not indicate a balloon observation, astronomical planets or other phenomena; however, it is
difficult to determine how the witness can state that the object
was definitely not an airplane.

Sincerely,

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of Colonel, USAF]
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

2 Atchs
1. Ltr Whitenour & Hartmann
2. Echo schedules

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!


- page 7 -

9 December 1964

Dear Miss Whitenour and Mrs Hartmann:

We have received your reports from 5-20 November 1964 regarding various observations of satellites and satellite-like objects.

On the limited data presented for each observation, it is impossible to make a firm statement as to the cause of each observation. However, no data was presented to indicate that these sightings could not have been caused by the passage of various satellites and/or high flying aircraft.

In reporting observations a certain minimum amount of information is required for evaluation. This includes a description of the object, duration of the sighting, and the time, location and sequence if the object has reported motion.

These objects reported may or may not be caused by the same phenomena. However, it is quite likely that ECHO I and II were the cause of most of the sightings. Those sightings making definite turns and having significant periods of time were probably caused by aircraft. The ECHO schedules for November are attached.

The characteristics presented do not indicate a balloon observation, astronomical planets, or other phenomena. However, it is difficult to determine how the witness can state that the object was definitely not an airplane.

Sincerely,

1 Atch                                   MASTON M. JACKS
ECHO Schedules                           Major, USAF
                                         Chief, Pictorial Branch
Miss Joan Whitenour and                  Public Information Division
Mrs. Helen Hartmann                      Office of Information
Aerial Phenomena Research Organization   
6135-50th St. No. Lot 125
St. Petersburg, Florida, 33709


- page 8 -

