PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
20 May 64

2. LOCATION
Andover, Massachusetts

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local ________
GMT 20/1929Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
manuvered

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object like dime made "U" turn suddenly accelerated and disappeared. No sound. Object "shiny". Compared to B-52 at high alt without control.

11. COMMENTS
Probable a/c sighting since object compared to B-52. Duration inconsistant (10 seconds).

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☒ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other:
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 62)


- page 1 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   20   May   1964

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

A few (U.F.O.) were sighted over Lawrence, Mass. four days ago. Three were many others. I first at 4:10 came out of jct. flew directly over head heading toward Boston. At the same time an office appeared, headed toward jct. then stopped and disappeared. The office was some, very high, left no control, and made no sound.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

CASE 20 MAY 64

164.fro N. Andover, Mass. 01845
UFOs in N.Andover.


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
20 May 1964

2. Time of day: 8 29 (P.M. circled)

3. Time Zone: (Eastern circled)
(Daylight Saving circled)

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
(Redacted) Andover Massachusetts

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
15 Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? (Partially illegible)
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? (Yes checked)

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Day: Bright circled)

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(To your right circled)

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164
This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 4 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Looked like a dime

12. The edge of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

o. Other:

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly sped up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes
After making a U turn, speed up to a very fast speed, too fast for a jet, and disappeared

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   no sound
b. Color   bright like a light, shiny

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?   All

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(object round)

[The document includes a hand-drawn sketch showing a round object with arrows indicating movement and disappearance]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?    120 mph.+

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was?    5 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No

e. Binoculars    Yes    No
f. Telescope    Yes    No
g. Theodolite    Yes    No
h. Other ____________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

A jet plane, B-50, traveling at a high altitude and speed but having no contrail.


- page 7 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Page 5


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
April '63 - home
March '58 home

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS M. Andover, Mass. 01854
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 16 SEX male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Conditions were not favorable for an air inversion

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Strange Aerial Objects Still
Seen In South Lawrence

Just 20 days ago as three Sacred Heart school boys were entering their school building they spotted something strange in the sky... It has haunted them ever since.

This week, Rev. Guy J. Cry, SM, of the parish, has recounted the sighting of the strange object and has called for additional reports from anyone else who may have seen an unidentified flying object on May 11 in a communication to The public the priest says:

Monday morning May 11, 1964 Robert Dumond of 54 Beacon street and his classmates: Allen Newcomb, John Rheaume, Kenneth Gallant and other sixth graders, saw something in the sky which held them against 7 to 8 seconds.

They testified that they clearly observed in the sky a very mysterious aircraft. It had no wings and it made no sound whatever. Yet it traveled at the speed of average airplanes and it wasn't far away.

There was no noise at that time which could have prevented them from hearing it. It was 8:30. The bell had rung and they were walking two by two on the sidewalk toward the gate. It was in front of them, at first slightly to their left, and the sun behind them.

(Continued on Page One)

(Continued from Page One)
There was a few clouds BEHIND R. So, the circumstances for seeing and comparing were excellent.

The ufo was shining "like silver" and had the strangest shape: It looked like a tadpole in its early stages. It was "as big as two moving vans," the boys said. It followed a horizontal straight-line course from SE to NW. The observers "lost" it behind a house-top.

Just a few hours later, namely at 12:15 the same pupils were at the same place, again going into the school and they saw the same or an identical object. However...

(Continued on Page 3)

(Continued from previous column)
There was a least one unexpected difference: The craft simply vanished in mid-air while the observers had their eyes "glued" on it.

It didn't disappear behind a tree nor houses: It just "evaporated" to nothing. At that time, by the way, there were no leaves yet in the way, so there were no trees to their right. So, even if it had gone behind that tract tree it would be obvious to any body who went and stood on the spot that they still could have seen it very clearly.

I went twice to the very spot where the youngsters were at the time they made these stupendous sightings and while I was there interviewing them and trying to catch claws and contradictions in their testimonies, personal planes, including those passed by. So it was easy to make comparisons and see how they knew about the "retarded" sound of a jet.

The second time I was there it was on a very bright day at 4:50 in the afternoon and we had the sun almost in our eyes. Yet, poise as my eyesight is, I could easily distinguish the wings and even the ailerons. Some of these planes the eyewitnesses told me, were much further than the strange craft they saw. And moreover, there were no clouds behind those planes by which silhouettes would have been created.

Has anyone else seen this. Let us or someone else know. If you fear ridicule, make an anonymous report.

United States Air Force
Aerial Phenomena Department
Washington, D. C.


- page 10 -

