PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
15 Jun 64

2. LOCATION
St Georges de Beauce, P.Q.

3. DATEING GROUP
Local 1530-1700

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. PHOTOS
No     Phs Spec

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
n/a

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Physical specimens submitted for analysis.

See specimen 7 3745-168
(See following folder)

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
unit

9. COURSE
on ground

11. COMMENTS
Lab analysis performed. Daytong Power
and Light Co indicated that the piece
of brass, porcelain and plastic are
probably from a lightning arrestor
found on high-tension wires.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other Lightning Arrestor
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown


- page 1 -

Artifact # 341-22-486
Located in Artifact Room


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

ASTRONOMY
SCIENCE NEWS LETTER FOR MAY 28, 1964

Summer Stars Begin to Appear
A total eclipse of the moon, the first this year, will highlight the astronomical events visible in the June evening skies containing an interesting display of stars.

By JAMES STOKLEY

ALTHOUGH the naked-eye planet is visible now, there are several interesting displays. Now, as an added attraction on Wednesday evening, June 24, the astronomical maps show the stars as they look about 11:30 p.m., your own local daylight saving time on June 24 or 11:30 p.m. standard time on the 15th.

A good place to start a survey of the June skies is high in the northwest, where the constellation of Ursa Major, the great bear, is well placed. This is the time to look for the "dipper," hanging downward from its handle. At the bottom are the pointers, Dubhe and Merak, through which you can trace a straight line to Polaris, the pole star. This is close to the heavens' zenith, or highest point, and is directly overhead at the same direction in the north.

Dipper's Handle Guide to Stars
The dipper's handle is also a guide to other stars. Follow its curve southward and you will find the bright star Arcturus in the constellation Bootes. Then continue the curve to the times for which the maps are drawn.

Continued still further south, the curved line of the dipper's handle takes you to another bright star, Spica, in Virgo, the virgin. Then to the bright star in the head of Corvus, the crow. These are four very bright stars in the summer sky.

Virgo is one of the 12 constellations of the zodiac, though which the sun, moon and principal planets seem to move. So is Regulus, the bright star in Leo. This is at the end of the handle of a little star-group called the sickle.

Over toward the east and northeast three prominent constellations are coming into view. They will be scattered on early evening. Highest of these is Vega in the constellation Lyra, the harp. Below stands Cygnus, the swan, with the star-called Deneb. In this group is the "Northern Cross," now tilted over. Lowest of these is Altair in Aquila, the eagle.

Barely visible above the northwestern horizon are some of the stars that were so prominent in the evenings of last winter.

These are Castor and Pollux in Gemini, the twins, which are now very low in the west. All of these are greatly diminished; they are now in the sky that their light is absorbed by the great thick haze of air through which it must now pass.

The total eclipse of the moon on June 24 is the first major eclipse this year. Occurring on June 24, it will be visible from the Pacific Ocean area. A total eclipse of the moon occurs when the moon passes completely into the earth's shadow. Then the moon rises for people in North America. In the Northeast the main part of the eclipse will be from 10:30 to 1:30 a.m. EDT.

Eclipse of the Moon
On the 24th the moon begins to enter the shadow at 7:40 p.m. EDT and at 8:16 it is completely shadowed by the earth. In New York the moon will rise in eclipse. It will be still later before it begins to rise in other cities.

The moon begins to emerge from the shadow at 11:41 p.m. EDT, the moon will be red. And even there, except in western Canada and Alaska, people will see the total phase.

Generally, even when the eclipse is total, the moon resembles a dim, brownish-red light which the earth's atmosphere bends around its edges. The rays from the light are scattered on its way through, and this is what gives the daytime sky its blue color. As the eclipse progresses, it finally reaches the moon is quite red.

Last Dec. 30, the moon did vanish during the eclipse.

[The document also contains two star charts showing the positions of various constellations in the night sky]


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FIELDS

GENERAL SCIENCE
Two Congressmen Win
Laker Awards of $2,500

BIOTECHNOLOGY
First Tiny Heartbeat
Of Bird in Egg Recorded

TECHNOLOGY
Portable Two-Way Radio
Used in Office or Field

[The rest of the text is too long to reproduce here in full. Would you like me to continue with the full OCR text?]

The document appears to be a page from a scientific newsletter, with sections on various scientific topics including General Science, Biotechnology, Public Health, Physics, and Technology. The page is from Science News Letter, dated May 23, 1964.

Would you like me to provide the full OCR text for the entire page?


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

(PACE INFORMATION ONLY)                                                   June 1964
                                                                           Pease AFB, New Hampshire

TDEV/UFO
Request for UFO Information,                                               12 Apr 65

Hq USAF SAFOI-CC (Mrs Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

Reference the attached letter from _______ requesting information
on unidentified flying objects.  Records reveal no previous correspondence
from him.  The following is a suggested reply:

Dear Mr _______

Reference your letter of 5 Apr 65, addressed to the Air Force
Systems Command at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio.  Your letter has been
referred to this office for action.

Your statement, with regards to classifying UFO reports "SECRET",
is incorrect.  Project Blue Book is an unclassified project, therefore,
there is no need to classify UFO sightings submitted to the Air Force.
Citizens are free to discuss any phase of their sightings with whomever
they wish.  The allegation that the Air Force suppresses UFO information
is just so much allegation has been repeated over and over again
by self-styled experts who consider themselves authorities on the UFO
phenomena.  The UFO files at Wright-Patterson have always been made
available to bona fide news representatives and scientific researchers.
Press releases are issued as warranted, and an annual report on the project
is available to the public.

You refer to a June 1964 sighting at Pease AFB, Maine.  By the way,
Pease AFB is located in New Hampshire.  We have no record of any sightings
from Pease AFB in June 1964.  We have only one sighting from the New
England area in June 1964.  This sighting occurred on 5 June 1965 over
Massachusetts and it was determined to be a meteor observation.  A
possible reason that we did not get a UFO report from Pease AFB is that
the base itself, during their investigation, was able to identify the
sighting to a known phenomena or stimulus.  In this case, the base is not
obligated to submit a report because the case is one of an "identified
flying object" as opposed to a UFO.  My experience with the press has been
that they will not give any press coverage to sightings of this type.
In their perception, to use the information as they wish.

The Air Force philosophy towards UFOs is contained in the attached
"Project Blue Book Fact Sheet".

FOR THE COMMANDER

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR                                         1 Atch
Major, USAF                                                    a/s
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch


- page 5 -

Manchester, N.H.
April 5, 1965

Air Force Systems Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Sir:

Recently there have been claims of recent UFO sightings. Please send me information concerning any reported cases if possible. If there is a charge for the articles, please send me a price list so that I may order some material.

Perhaps it is true that all reports are entered under the label of "SECRET". If so I would like to have some concrete reason for this action. A case in point is the sighting in June of 1964 at Pease Air Force Base in Maine. These sightings were turned over to the foreign technological division of the Air Force Systems Command. After that nothing was ever heard. It could have been lack of press coverage or perhaps it was lack of answers from Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.

In any case I would greatly appreciate receiving any information whatsoever concerning your philosophy towards UFO's. Thank you very much.

Yours truly,


- page 6 -

No Case Sngly Only                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


- page 7 -

Proposed reply to letter from [redacted], postmarked Mar 30, 1967

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

This replies to your correspondence concerning your observation of an unidentified flying object in June 1964. The information you submitted will be filed for information purposes only since, at this late date, a meaningful scientific investigation is not possible.

Thank you for your interest in the Air Force UFO program.

Sincerely,


- page 8 -

Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

I am extremely interested in UFOs and would like to send you an account of five UFOs which I sighted in June of 1964. I sighted the objects in Erie, Pennsylvania (we have moved since the time of the sighting). It was 3:00 p.m., EST, and the sun was shining brightly.

I began to look up and saw what I first thought was a jet, but there were four disc-shaped objects, two opaque and two pearly, the jet-like object (see illustration on back). They were flying fairly low, and the larger UFO appeared about as wide as a quarter held at arm's length. The four smaller UFOs appeared to be about as wide as a dime held at arm's length. I watched the objects for about three minutes. They appeared solid and stayed in formation at all times. They looked metallic and reflected the sunlight. The UFOs were very sharply outlined and were brighter than the background of the sky. There was no sound and no visible smoke trail. The objects neither rose nor fell, but kept a straight, smooth course. They seemed to go slow, and were elevated about 25 degrees in the sky. The UFOs disappeared below the horizon.

I would appreciate it immensely if you would send me any information you can on UFOs. Thank you very much.

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted signature]
13584


- page 9 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a technical drawing or sketch consisting of several leaf-shaped or almond-shaped outlines and a linear geometric shape, drawn with thin black lines on a white background.


- page 10 -

Text found in the document:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

TO: W-P

FROM: B

DD FORM 95 (with text indicating it replaces previous DD Forms)

A large handwritten "?" appears in the middle of the document's remarks section.


- page 11 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Wright Fusion Historical
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir,

I write now this with re: I met you a night of our UFOs which I sighted some wonderful morning mountain you said and me UFOs. I have not received my reply last yet. I send attached herewith

[The bottom of the document has a black redaction/censored section]


- page 13 -

The image appears to be a document with two sections, each marked with a numbered circle (1 and 2). The document looks like a heavily redacted or damaged page, with most of the text obscured by black marks or smudges. The top section has a horizontal lined area, while the bottom section contains a more oval-shaped area. Due to the extensive redaction or damage, no legible text can be discerned from this image.


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case (Information Only)                                                    Daily June, 1964
Source: Buenos Aires                                                           Argentina

NEAR-LANDING IN ARGENTINA: Although this incident occurred in early June of last year, it has only recently been brought to our attention by correspondent in Argentina. The witnesses to this most unusual UFO sighting were three distinguished men who were driving on a highway near Tucuman. They were Doctor Juan Medrano, ex-president of the Legal College; Jose Luis Carvino, professor of engineering; and Vicente A. Pellicet, former manager of a corporation in Tucuman.

At about 11:30 at night, they spotted the odd object shown in the drawing at the right. It was, according to their description, a reddish-orange in color, and rectangular in shape, with clearly-defined black lines crossing the upper part. Smoke or exhaust of some sort was coming out of the top, as shown in the drawing. The UFO was flying at low altitude, and was visible only for brief moments at a time, as it was hidden by trees during most of its flight. Finally, however, it came close enough to the road, and all three men finally got a clear look at it. It was about five yards high and six yards wide, according to the witnesses. All three agreed on every detail of their description. The object did not land, but continued on its way at a speed of about 100 miles per hour, and went out of sight in a few seconds.


- page 15 -

Text found in the document:

Woomera, Australia, 9.14 a.m. June 5, 1964. A still from a Pathe Newsfilm


- page 16 -

When Today was published a large number of readers wrote and telephoned the paper to draw its attention to a Path newsfilm, then being publicly shown, of the launching of the Bluestreak missile at Woomera, Australia at 9.14 a.m. on June 5. At the left-hand side of the picture another and similar "shape" appeared. The film was in colour and at a private showing the picture was extraordinarily vivid, the reproduction was in black and white, gives only a poor impression of what was to be seen. On the right hand of the rocket as it was leaving its pad, there appeared what could have been the sun, but that has not yet been confirmed. Underneath the "sun" is a circular object by no means an easily defined as the other objects in the film. Once again, the arguments run that it is a "a trick of light" while the photographers point out that the film cameras was "hooded" to prevent such accidents.


- page 17 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Summer 1964

[Note: There are some sections that are blacked out/redacted, so some text is not fully readable]

My moment time
... high school in New
great ... New Jersey
... one near ... New Jersey
... only about ... was
... the UFO ... was
... place of my
... of 19 84 (came
... 30 years ago
... was
... and name
... it was
... and more

The text appears to be a handwritten document with some sections obscured or redacted. The legibility is somewhat poor due to the handwriting and redaction.


- page 18 -

The text appears to be handwritten and somewhat difficult to read in parts. Here is the text I can discern:

[First paragraph is mostly illegible, with only fragments of words visible]

... about 700 ft. ... playing ... some ... object ... distant ... and ... some ... 15 ft. ... field.

[Next paragraph is also partially illegible]

... came ... playing ... what ... clearly ... like a ... (some words are not clear)

... and ... was ... walking ... about ... might ... (remaining text becomes increasingly difficult to read)

The handwriting is cursive and the scan quality makes some words and phrases challenging to transcribe with complete certainty.


- page 19 -

The text appears to be a handwritten letter. However, parts of the text are difficult to read with complete certainty. Here's what I can discern:

[First paragraph is mostly illegible]

Some words/phrases I can make out include:
- "place"
- "river"
- "floating"
- "some"

The bottom of the letter includes:
"Sincerely yours,"

[A portion is blacked out]

Then there appears to be an address or contact information, but it is partially cut off or illegible.

In the bottom left corner, there is a notation "(Gen. 2.82)"

The overall document appears to be a handwritten letter on a black and white document, with some sections difficult to read clearly.


- page 20 -

I think these cases of UFO, shown being long ago by the USAF, = social in these comments on about flying saucers.

There is also a hand-drawn curved line or loop sketch at the bottom of the page.


- page 21 -

Text found in the image:

Rewind

4-340

14-1239

Sines

4-1972

The image appears to be a technical diagram or sketch of what seems to be a UFO or flying object, drawn with simple lines and geometric shapes, with measurements and labels noted on the sides.


- page 22 -

III. CONCLUSION:
The above analyses were related to Mr. Henry Duckworth of the
Dayton Power and Light Company and he said that "the item was a
lightning arrester that is used on high voltage power lines."

IV. RECOMMENDATIONS:
None, data merely submitted.

PREPARED BY:
[Signature]
DOCTOR S. MORLEY, Capt., USAF

PUBLICATION REVIEW
This report has been reviewed and is approved.

[Signature]
NORMAN P. BAILEY,
Chief, Analytical Branch
Materials Physics Division
AF Materials Laboratory

DISTRIBUTION:
TDEV (Sgt. Moody)
MAY
MACA (5 cys)
MAAM (Library)

MAY 64-21                   2


- page 23 -

AERONAUTICAL SYSTEMS DIVISION
AIR FORCE MATERIALS LABORATORY, RESEARCH TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

MATERIALS PHYSICS DIVISION
AF MATERIALS LABORATORY

EVALUATION REPORT
Analysis of Metal and Rubber Components

REPORT NO: MAY 64-21                      DATE:    17 September 1964

PROJECT NO:                                TYPE EVALUATION:
MANUFACTURER:                               SPEC NO:
SUBMITTED BY:    FDEW                       ITEM SERIAL NO:
               Sgt. Moody

I.   PURPOSE:
     To analyze the various components and if possible, reconstruct
     and identify the whole item.

II.  FACTUAL DATA:
     1. The samples were received and assigned Analytical Branch No's.
        4-1339 - 1343.

     2. Samples 4-1339 - 1342 (see attached diagram) were analyzed and
        identified by Bowser-Norman Testing Laboratory as follows:
        4-1339       Phosphor Bronze
        4-1340       Low Carbon Steel
        4-1341       Common Brass - Leaded
        4-1342       Low Carbon Steel

     3. Sample 4-1343, a black rubbery material, was dissolved in
        benzene and chloroform. The solvent was evaporated from the
        filtrate and an infrared spectrum obtained. The spectrum
        was similar to a reference spectrum of a polymerized petrol-
        eum resin. The infrared spectrum of the insoluble portion
        showed the material to be an inorganic silicate. It was
        concluded that the polymer was a polymerized petroleum
        resin with an inorganic silicate filler.

THIS REPORT IS NOT TO BE USED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR ADVERTISING OR SALES PROMOTION PURPOSES
JUN 61 64                REPLACES WADD FORM 54 WHICH IS OBSOLETE.


- page 24 -

ITEM
Unusual Explosion - Province of Quebec, Canada                22 Sep 64

948 INT
Embassy of the United States of America
Office of the Air Attach
Ottawa, Canada

Attn: Lt Colonel William E Kennedy

1.  Reference your letter, 948 INT, 6 August 1964 subject as above.

2.  Evaluation of the object turned over to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police by Mr. _______ of St Georges de Beauce, P Q, was submitted to the Air Materiel Laboratory, Research Technology Division, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio for analysis. The object was determined to be a lightning arrestor used on high voltage power lines. A copy of their report is attached.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE                                         1 Atch
Colonel, USAF                                                Analysis Report
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems


- page 25 -

MEMO FOR RECORD: at 1530 hours on 16 Jul 64 this office received a call from Colonel Kennedy, Assistant Air Attache at Canada. He received a call from the DIA in Canada over at the RCAF Hqs saying report of object which fell out of the sky. Report made out by the RCMP. Report dated 19 Jun 64.

Object fell 15 Jun 64. Night be a place of an a/c falling down. Object fell northwest of Montreal, near a lake 6 miles from small city on 15 Jun 64.

Between 1630 and 1700 local. Explosion noise comparable to dynamite, pieces of glass 3/8 of an inch thick, pieces of dark material resembling porcelain.

Place had made in USA on one. Search of the ground was made with a few similar pieces being found. All witness agreed on same story. Colonel Kennedy has asked the FBI to try to get hold of the objects for us. He will send a preliminary report Monday if it looks like the objects will not be attainable for sometime. Otherwise he will hold off for about 1 week in order that he would be able to send report with objects. Objects were handed over to RCMP


- page 26 -

Here is the text from the document:

EMBASSY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
OFFICE OF THE AIR ATTACH
OTTAWA, CANADA

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 948 INT                                                   6 August 1964

SUBJECT: (U) Unusual Explosion - Province of Quebec, Canada

TO: FTD (TDEW)
    Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Reference telephone conversation, 20 July 1964 between this
offi- and FTD (TDEW), Wright-Patterson AFB. The attached material
was obtained from the RCMP through the Directorate of Air Intelligence, RCAF, on 6 August 1964.

2. Following is the RCMP report of investigation:

    "1. On the 16th of June 1964, a telephone call was received at
offi-. It advised of an unusual explosion at Lac Raquette, Beauce
County, P.Q. on the summer cottage premises of one Mr. [redacted]
of St. Georges de Beauce, P.Q. It was alleged the explosion took place
on 15 June 64 could possibly involve an object from outer space and
would warrant an investigation.

2. A Patrol was immediately organized. Mr. [redacted] retired,
St. Georges de Beauce, P.Q., was interviewed. He informed that he is
in the process of building himself a summer cottage on the shores of
Lac Raquette, some 6 miles from St. Georges de Beauce, P.Q. On the
15th of June 1964, between the hours of 1630 and 1700, the workers
heard an explosion of an unusual nature, some 150' from the construction.
The noise was comparable to that of a dynamite explosion. Yet there was
no displacement of earth, soil and no rocks or other objects thrown around.
After, the workers found littered around the grounds, pieces of glass
approximately 3/8" thick, some with a slight curvature, others with ridges,
pieces of metal, pieces of dark material (resembling hardened tar) with one
of these pieces having an aluminum colored coating and bearing the inscription "Made in the USA". Also pieces of porcelain. No one heard of
anything aside from the explosion. No point of impact could be exactly
determined as no small crater or otherwise could be found. There was no
smell of powder, of burning or otherwise, etc. Mr. [redacted] was handed over
several pieces found.

3. A check of the grounds was made. A few pieces of similar glass was
found. Nothing else. All of the witnesses were interviewed. They all
agreed on the same story. They claim the object came from above. No
one saw it and no one heard an aircraft overhead.

Classification Removed
for Clearance IAW
EO 12958, as amended

[Signatures and stamps at bottom of document]

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 27 -

Here is the text from the document:

4. These pieces of an unidentified object, as covered by Exhibit Form G.246, are being held here pending decision and instruction as to their disposal. The position as nearly as possible, has been established as longitude 70 degrees, 48' minutes, 57" seconds West; Latitude 46 degrees, 7' minutes, 3" seconds North. Time between the hours of 1630 and 1700 (most likely 1645) DNST. Place - Property of Mr. _______ some 6 miles NW of St. Georges de Beauce, P.Q.

3. Any further questions you may have on this subject should be directed to this office and via, in turn, will send them to DAI.

FOR THE AIR ATTACHE

WILLIAM E. KENNEDY
Lt Colonel, USAF
Assistant Air Attache

[Bottom of page shows a stamp/letterhead]
OFFICE OF THE AIR ATTACHE
UNITED STATES EMBASSY
P.O. BOX 1514
OTTAWA, CANADA

Page number "2" is also visible at the bottom left of the page.


- page 28 -

