The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or report from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
2. LOCATION
3. SOURCE
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
7. COURSE
8. PHOTOS
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
10. CONCLUSION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information about unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information that you furnish will be used in connection with the evaluation of your report. Please answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you furnish will be used in connection with the evaluation of your report. This form may be used to submit your report, and if it is deemed necessary, you may be contacted for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
Day - Month - Year
2. Time of day: 
(Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address - City or Town - State
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Seconds
b. Minutes
c. Over 5 minutes
d. Just a guess
5.1 How was the size determined?
a. Fairly certain
b. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes - No
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Day: Clear
b. Cloudy
NIGHT
a. Clear
b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
a. Behind you
b. To your left
c. To your right
d. Don't remember

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text from the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw this object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. Stars - None
b. Moon - Bright
c. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
a. CLOUDY (Circle One): a. Clear sky
                    b. Hazy
                    c. Scattered clouds
                    d. Thick or many clouds
b. WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry
                        b. Fog, mist, or light rain
                        c. Moderate or heavy rain
                        d. Snow
                        e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
                b. Like a bright light
                c. Sharply outlined 
                d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?  Yes   No   Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes   No   Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode?  Yes   No   Don't know
d. Change brightness?   Yes   No   Don't know
e. Change shape?    Yes   No   Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear?  Yes   No   Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a filled-out questionnaire or form from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text found in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered Yes:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length and see how much of the object's diameter it will cover. If you had compared this match head with a known object or with an object that you have seen before, what was it and how much of the object would the match head have covered?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your picture all the details you can such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a series of questions and answer fields.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes No If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Yes No If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. Other 
23. Were you (Circle One) a. A civilian b. Military (active) c. Military (reserve) d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over or near open country? f. Other
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following: 24.1 Direction of travel a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour 24.3 Did you stop or slow down at the time you saw the object? Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Binoculars Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window-glass Yes No
26. In considering the intensity of the light emitted by the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object during your observation, would you say it was approximately the same intensity as: a. The moon b. The sun c. A bright star d. A planet e. Other

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes No If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Yes No If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car 
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other
23. Were you (Circle One)
a. A civilian
b. Military (active) 
c. Military (reserve)
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over or near open country?
f. Other
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 Direction of travel
a. North
b. Northeast 
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or slow down at the time you saw the object? Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window-glass Yes No
26. In considering the intensity of the light emitted by the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object during your observation, would you say it was approximately the same intensity as:
a. The moon
b. The sun
c. A bright star
d. A planet
e. Other

- page 5 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn illustration or diagram related to a UFO report. The diagram shows the silhouette of an object or objects against the sky, with angles and directions indicated. There is also a compass-like symbol in the lower right corner.

The text in the document reads as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the polar shown. Place an "A" on the course that the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the course where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "C" on the course where you think the object disappeared.

28. Draw a picture that will show the position that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the point a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Form a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

HAVE YOU EVER SEEN THIS, OR A SIMILAR OBJECT BEFORE? IF SO GIVE DATE OR DATES AND LOCATION.
31. WAS ANYONE ELSE WITH YOU AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT? (CIRCLE ONE)
31.1 IF YOU ANSWERED YES, DID THEY SEE THE OBJECT TOO? (CIRCLE ONE)
31.2 PLEASE LIST THEIR NAMES AND ADDRESSES:
32. PLEASE GIVE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF:
LAST NAME
FIRST NAME
MIDDLE
STREET
CITY
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE
SEX
INDICATE ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF, INCLUDING ANY SPECIAL EXPERIENCE, WHICH MIGHT BE HELPFUL.
33. WHEN AND TO WHOM DID YOU REPORT THAT YOU HAD SEEN THE OBJECT?
DAY
MONTH
YEAR

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten note or document.

Project Blue Book - Dayton, Ohio - 1964-08-9420990

This is a draft document or report. The handwritten text reads:

"Rough sketch - brief - questionaaire left-several days ago - no reply 3 since then."

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, likely an official UFO report form.

1. TIME GROUP
2. SOURCE
3. LOCATION
4. CONCLUSION
5. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS

The text in the body of the form states: "A AIR GD ADV + OBSERVATION APPEARS TO REMAIN UNEXPLAINED OR UNIDENTIFIED PENDING FURTHER INVESTIGATION"

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

1. When did you see the object?
Month: [redacted]
Day: [redacted] 
Year: [redacted]

2. Time of day: [redacted] (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? [redacted], [redacted], [redacted], [redacted]

5. How long was object in sight? (Exact Duration): [redacted] Hours [redacted] Minutes [redacted] Seconds

5.1 How was the object first sighted?
Yes [redacted]
No [redacted]

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. NIGHT: 
     1. Clear
     2. Cloudy
b. DAY:
     1. Hazy
     2. Partly Cloudy
     3. Overcast

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located in relation to you and the object? 
(Circle One) a. In front of you
               b. Behind you

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image shows a filled-out questionnaire related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Q. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON? 
A.1 STARS (Circle One): 
1. None
2. More than usual
3. Less than usual
4. Don't remember
A.2 MOON (Circle One): 
1. Full moonlight
2. Dull moonlight
3. Don't remember

Q. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
1. Clear
2. Hazy
3. Scattered clouds
4. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
1. Dry
2. Fog, mist, or light rain
3. Moderate or heavy rain
4. Snow
5. Don't remember

Q. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
1. Solid
2. Transparent
3. As a light
4. Don't remember

Q. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One)
1. Brighter
2. Not as bright 
3. About the same
4. Don't know

Q. COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECTS

Q. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle One): 
1. Fuzzy or blurred
2. Clearly defined
3. Irregular
4. Don't remember

Q. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to sound still or any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and out of sight?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke or exhaust?
e. Change shape?
f. Flash on and off?
g. Disappear and reappear?

The document appears to be an UFO sighting report questionnaire from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated UFO reports. The text captures the witness's observations and responses regarding the UFO sighting.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document, which appears to be a questionnaire for gathering information about unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have seen. The information that you provide will be used in connection with my studies of such phenomena. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. Where did you see the object?
Day ___ Month ___ Year ___

2. Time of day: (Circle One) A.M. P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Present Postal Address City or Town State

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours ___ Minutes ___Seconds ___

6. Captains a. Was object stationary? b. Did it move? c. Not very sure d. How it disapp. 
6.1 How was its course described? a. Straight b. Erratic c. Curved
6.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ___ No ___

7. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY b. NIGHT c. Bright d. Hazy e. Partly cloudy f. Overcast

8. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the Sun located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

- page 12 -

This page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document does not contain any photographs. The text of the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):        Yes             No              Don't Know.               If you answered:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):        Yes           No        Don't Know.                If you answered:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape___________________
b. Color____________________________
c. Size____________________________

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object, such as a church steeple. If you had performed this test, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your picture any of the features of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially any unusual trail or trail-like effects seen behind the object as it moved.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and checkboxes.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes / No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Yes / No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) 
e. At work
f. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.4 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or any time while you were looking at the object? Yes / No (Circle One)

25. Did you chase the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes / No
b. Wind shield Yes / No
c. Telescope Yes / No
d. Window glass Yes / No
e. Telascope Yes / No
f. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of the object or vehicle which when sighted, when plotted on the sky, would give the same apparent size as the object, please describe it in your own words.

- page 14 -

The image contains a sketch rather than a photograph. The sketch shows a diagram with an object or objects in the sky and various angles and direction indicators. There is also text below the diagram providing instructions and questions related to the sketch.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line that shows the highest elevation at which the object was seen. Place a "B" on the horizon (skyline) where you first saw it. Place a "C" on the low point on the curved line where you last saw the object.

28. Make a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a sketch of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were moving.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, possibly a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes __ No __
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes __ No __
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME:
LAST NAME                    FIRST NAME

ADDRESS:
Street                        City        State           Zip

TELEPHONE NUMBER: 

AGE:                         SEX:

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

34. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day           Month                Year

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the mid-20th century.

34. Data you completed this questionnaire:
Day
Month
Y

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific phrasing of your questions is a relative explanation of your sighting.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which is a form with various questions and answer options for the observer to fill out.

9. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

2. STARS (Circle One): 
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Same
d. Don't remember

2. MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

3. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Raining
d. Snowing or heavy rain
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Flickering

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Dimmer
d. Don't know

12. The shape of the object was: (Circle One):
a. Like a bright star
b. Round or ball-shaped
c. Elongated
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and slow down or change direction? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Suddenly disappear? Yes No Don't know
e. Fly or drift with the wind? Yes No Don't know
f. Flicker or pulsate? Yes No Don't know
g. Change shape? Yes No Don't know

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about a sighting.

The text found in the document is as follows:

12. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

13. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes      No      Don't know   If you answered yes, please describe what it moved behind:

14. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Check One)
Yes      No      Don't know   If you answered yes, please describe what it moved in front of:

15. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape ______________
b. Color ______________

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object (such as a tree, post, etc.). If the match head covers the object, the angular size is 1 degree. If the match covers twice the width of the object, the angular size is 2 degrees, etc. Please indicate how much of the object could be covered by the match head:

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing such details as size, number, color, and specifically indicate the direction the object was moving. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observed object.

Here is the text found in the document, transcribed as an OCR system output:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One)
YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One)
YES NO
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building 
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

23. Where were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In a rural area
d. Near an airfield
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West

24.2 How fast were you moving? mph

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No 
c. Window glass Yes No
d. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you observed.

- page 20 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. It contains a sketch or drawing that shows a horizon with an object or objects in the sky. The sketch includes angles and diagrams to describe the motion or appearance of the object(s). There is no photograph present in this particular page.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the horizon high, the object was shown and note how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the horizon where you last saw the object.
28. Draw a curve that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "e" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, show how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and show the direction that they were moving.

- page 21 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to a reported UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.
Yes

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes / No

31a. If you answered YES, who was with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Wife / Children / Relatives / Friends / Other

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NO.: [Redacted]
AGE: [Redacted]
SEX: [Redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which may be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: [Redacted]
Month: [Redacted]
Year: [Redacted]

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book. The page contains a form with various fields, but no visual elements other than the form itself.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: Day Month Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific police questionnaire or a narrative evaluation of your sighting.

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
2. LOCATION
3. SOURCE
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
7. COURSE
8. PHOTOS
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
10. N/A
FTD SEB 5-3-29 (TDE) - Indications, cautions of this form are to be noted.

- page 24 -

