PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
(about 1 Jun 64 (Between 25 May 64 and 4 Jun 64)

2. LOCATION
Elkhart, Indiana

3. PHOTOS
C Yes

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
xGround-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Flash --/03002

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Flash of light described as a ball of fire observed from car. Obj came from behind one house and disappeared behind another. Made wide path of light. Clear starry night. No sound.

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
level

11. COMMENTS
Probable meteor observation. Date not known for correlation with other sightings.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical (Meteor)
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

COPY

Elkhart, Ind.
June 17, 1964

Dear Sir:

The enclosed clipping which appeared in our local paper this week was of particular interest to us as my husband and daughter had a very similar experience.

It happened one evening two or possibly three weeks ago about 9:00 p.m. My husband and daughter were gone and I was in the bathroom getting my son ready for bed. As they were returning, they turned from Co. Rd. 13 on to our street (we live halfway down the first block). Suddenly they saw this bright streak of light come from our house and streak across the street and disappear between the houses on the other side of the street. They said it looked like a large ball of fire and made a wide path of light.

It happened so suddenly my husband could not tell from which side of the house it came. We went outside and looked around but could find nothing irregular. Our neighbor who was watching TV said she saw a flash of light but thought it was someone near taking a flash picture.

Later we did find a patch of dry, brown grass a little larger than a dinner plate. It was in the back yard between the house and garage. We also found a similar patch in the front yard and have not been able to explain either one. These spots are now beginning to turn green again. This incident was not reported to the police because there was actually nothing to report except what they saw. Incidentally, this happened on a clear, starry night.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]


- page 2 -

