Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP [partially illegible]

2. LOCATION
Glassboro, New Jersey

3. SOURCE
[illegible]

10. CONCLUSION
[mostly illegible]

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
[illegible]

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
[partially legible text appears to read]: "...in ground fog by unidentified persons. Assembled & then took off. Investigative data indicated that report was filing a hoax. Some points in help: [remaining text is illegible]"

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
[illegible]

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[illegible]

7. COURSE
[illegible]

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☐ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☐ No

At bottom of form: "See specimen, 7-34145-471"

Form footer: "FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used."


- page 1 -

Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol. 1, No. 12, March 1965

Glassboro, New Jersey
4 September 1964

FACT ON THE GLASSBORO LANDING: The alleged saucer landing at Glassboro, New Jersey, reported in detail in our December issue (with cover photo), continues to be a source of controversy. Recently, a source has learned that an 18-year old college sophomore named Michael Hallowitz has told a "confession" story to a local newspaper. In the story, Hallowitz admitted that he and two unnamed friends perpetrated a hoax at Glassboro, and he gave details as to how it was done. Hallowitz disclosed that he and his two friends dug the suspicious holes, cleared the area, broke off tree limbs, and sprinkled a small amount of radius dioxide around the area.

Before leaving, the hoaxer told the local Ward Campbell about having seen a glowing, quiet land in the woods. The boys told this fantastic story, and in turn Ward Campbell, local authorities, and Air Force officials and hundreds of curious passersby visited the allegedly landing site.

In a telephone interview with Ward Campbell, we learned that Hallowitz was charged with malicious mischief by the local police. On January 12th, he was tried, and given a $50 fine, which was for some reason suspended by the court. When asked whether or not he believed this clears up the Glassboro case, Campbell said that he does not know. He added that he has some scraps of metal from the main hole to a nationally-known laboratory for analysis, as well as some of the chemical residue found in the burned sand. So far, the laboratory has not been able to come up with a satisfactory analysis of either material, and Campbell therefore feels that Hallowitz' confession does not necessarily solve the Glassboro mystery, any more than did earlier confessions reported by the magazine.

Michael J. Campione, another saucer researcher living in the south Jersey area, also argues that the Glassboro case is still not closed. In a recent news release, he points out that a radium dioxide is extremely expensive, difficult to obtain, and very dangerous to use.

We will continue to report further information as we receive it.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

At approximately 0935 Davis billy from the Philadelphia "Bulletin" called and spoke with Major Quintanilla, suggesting an associated press dispatch describing material from Gas bower. Few Jersey sighting. Quintanilla had said let was a hoax. We were to know that our conclusions were. Spoke with Quintanilla (material from Vineland, N.J. Sent the dirt over to materials lab. It didn't look like anything earth shaken. Definitely not. It looks very much like it is of shiny particles. Firing into space. No meteor or space decay. The particles were small aluminum foil like you buy in the grocery store. Did not look like it had been scorched.

Did the investigators describe the circumstances of what was gathered. Yes they were very carefully done, etc. Photographs of his impressions etc. The holes form a triangle. Measurements are not exact triangles as had been reported in earlier reports. Gave measurements about 14 ft from center of holes, etc. Gave number of holes and how big the holes were from our report. Noted that they had been punched with something similar to a broad handle or something of that sort. Center hole was 2 ft 6 in diameter across about. Was not something from a weapon system, etc. When investigated, and they had reported everyone said someone else had reported it out of the area. Things like the fog, etc. Once it hits the newspapers we decided to investigate. Thought at first it might have been a hoax or missile decay. Brightness may have been caused by burning up in the atmosphere and can cause a bright image in the ground. (In other words described a

Charred Earth, 'Red Object' Battle Police at Glassboro

BY FRANK TOUGHILL
Glassboro, N.J. Sept. 3 —
The Glassboro police today investigated a mystery on his hands today after two sons were amazed when they discovered a fiery object which apparently had burned a large area of ground.

[Rest of right column text is partially cut off or illegible]

Air Force Sends Mystery Holes Pictures Here
GLASSBORO, N.J. (AP)—Air Force investigators today sent pictures of mysterious burned holes in the ground yesterday and reported a good look at the markings in the Air Force's Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO) section.

[Bottom of page appears partially cut off]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

VOLUME 11, NUMBER 4
(Whole Number 53)

SAUCER NEWS
OFFICIAL PUBLICATION OF THE SAUCER AND UNEXPLAINED CELESTIAL EVENTS RESEARCH SOCIETY

MAILING ADDRESS: P.O. BOX 163, FORT LEE, N.J.
OFFICE ROOM 1613, 303 FIFTH AVE, NEW YORK, NY
TELEPHONE: MURRAY HILL 6-3743

EDITOR:
JAMES W. MOSELEY

EXCLUSIVE
REPORT ON THE
SAUCER
LANDING AT
GLASSBORO, N.J.

MYSTERIOUS HOLES left in the ground by a flying saucer which landed near Glassboro, N. J. are shown in this photo taken by researcher Bruce Kreig. The main hole (foreground) is 13 feet deep, and originally contained 13 small discs composed of fused sand. Another of the 4 holes is seen in the background, near the trees. The landing spot was parked to police and Air Force investigators by NICAP members Ward Campbell, who was told about the incident by his two young sons. The Air Force now claims that the landing was a hoax, but this opinion is hotly disputed by many people, including Dr. John Pagano of Fort Lee, N. J. (another NICAP member), who personally interviewed the boys. See Page 19-21 for details. Similar landing reports from other parts of the U.S. are given on Page 23 ("Saucer Landing in Indiana,") and at the bottom of Page 25.


- page 4 -

RECENT NEWS

THE GLASSBORO, NEW JERSEY INCIDENT: LANDING OR HOAX? On the night of September 4th, a glowing object in the sky was seen over a wooded area near Glassboro, N. J., by a woman and two teen-aged girls, whose names so have not been able to obtain. The following day, Ward Campbell, Jr., aged 11, and his brother Don, aged 9, went fishing on Lake near Glassboro, and were approached by an unidentified man of about 20, who told them he had seen a flying saucer landing near there. They examined it. The site lies several hundred yards past of the lake, and contains a curious item of physical evidence that will be described further on.

NICAP. Ward and Don then told their father, who happens to be a member of the NICAP board, that they had seen a flying saucer in touch with nearby McGuire Air Force Base. Several investigators were sent from McGuire, and during the next few days, hundreds of curious people came to the mysterious spot in the woods where the saucer had allegedly landed. Various versions of the Glassboro incident were printed in newspapers in New Jersey, New York, and the story was also carried by the Associated Press.

The most accurate description of the landing spot was supplied exclusively to SAUCER NEWS by eyewitness John Krelig, who personally visited the site three days later and took the cover pictures for this issue. His close-up area appears on Page 20. The place in question is a small clearing approximately 50 feet across and 40 feet in length. Three distinct holes were observed - marked "A", "B", and "C" on the diagram. "C" is a central hole, pictured on the cover, and is 1 to 1½ feet deep, with a diameter of 2½ feet. The smaller holes are approximately 1 foot in diameter and 8 inches deep. Another hole, marked "C", is supposed to be near the nearby tree, three branches of which were broken by the saucer when it landed. This hole is barely visible, according to Mr. Krelig, but is the hole of the report that three holes form a triangle around the central one, thus indicating three-point landing.

The tree in question has been partially uprooted, in addition to having its branches broken, and in Mr. Krelig's opinion, this could not have happened except by means of a weight or force directly above it. The large holes and the disturbed ground are covered in the newspaper accounts; but no evidence of this charring was observed by Mr. Krelig. Earlier witnesses told Krelig that the trampled sand (small dotted circles) around the central hole was within the holes were 13 small discs apparently composed of fused sand. These were taken away by some and for further investigation. Mr. Krelig arrived, and could have been caused by strong blasts from jets or some sort. Some phosphorescent material was also observed by an investigator.

Krelig speculates that, if the saucer were circular, it must have been 12 or 14 feet in diameter. Mean "A" and "B" were apparently 10 feet from the ship, and "C" at a slightly greater distance from the ship, extended out from the craft as a balancing device. The damaged tree indicates that there must have been a considerable force at work. In nearby fields, the black trails, exactly under the saucer must have been exceedingly powerful and directional to have left 15 perfect fused discs in the ground. In spite of all evidence, Krelig does not discount the possibility that the whole thing may have been a hoax.

On September 11th, the military affairs editor of the New York Journal American, Colonel A. J. Laing, stated that Air Force investigators found bubble gum wrappers, the remains of a cherry bomb, and the imprints of children's sneakers at the landing site. By means of an elaborate-looking special camera setup, they cleaned the surface of curious children and special evidence.


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

adults who arrived on the scene. They succeeded in identifying the hoaxters
and getting them to confess. The culprits were two well-planned sub-teen
dwellers of Pitman-fiction. "whose names are being withheld because of their
age. Obviously these were the two sons of Ward Cromwell, Sr.

However, Mr. Campbell, in an exclusive telephone interview with
SAUCER NEWS, denied that the Air Force investigators even spoke to either him-
self or his sons. He does not believe the incident was a hoax. A call by SAUCER
NEWS to the Public Information Office at the Pentagon revealed that Mr. Mc-
Cain found the incident involving the two sons, but they do not claim that
that anyone confessed. A telephone call was then made to the man who wrote the
journal "American story." He admitted that his confession story was not from the
Pentagon, but refused to state where he did obtain it, invoking a reporter's
right not to reveal his sources.

The document also contains a detailed circular diagram with various annotations and markings, including words like "Clearing" and various measurements and directional indicators.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Thus the Glassboro landing remains, as of this writing, in that uncomfortable limbo between fact and fiction - the same shadowy realm to which many important saucer stories have been relegated. Based on clues supplied by researcher Kraig, we are continuing our investigation, and we hope to have more information on this significant incident in our next issues.

The page is numbered "21." in the top right corner.


- page 7 -

Science Club
Frankford High School
Oxford Ave & Hunting Street
Philadelphia 24, Penna.

GLASSBORO UFO INVESTIGATIONS

Conducted by the
FRANKFORD HIGH SCHOOL SCIENCE RESEARCH CLUB
UFO INVESTIGATIONS TEAM

September - October 1964

Report #1

UFO Investigations Team
Frankford High School Science Research Club
Frankford High School
Oxford Avenue & Hunting Street
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 1964

PRICE
FIFTEEN CENTS
154


- page 8 -

The following two articles appeared in the Philadelphia Evening and Sunday Bulletin, the first in the late Sunday edition of Sunday, September 6, 1964, and the second in the Monday "F" edition of Monday, September 7, 1964, Labor Day.

"Charred Earth, ... St. Act' Traffic Police at Glassboro"
by Frank Toughill & the Bulletin Staff

Glassboro, N.J., Sept. 5-
The Police Department here has a mystery on its hands.
The mystery centers on some weird marks which were discovered in an oak forest near this northeast of town.

Police Chief Everett Watson said there were three marks as a circle of charred earth around a hole about two feet and two feet deep.

Watson said there were three marks which looked like a huge triangle.

These marks were two inches in diameter and six inches deep.
They were twenty-seven feet apart, forming a triangle.

A telephone call for Ward Campbell, Sr. of 30 S. Dellea Drive, Glassboro, led police to the mystery.

Campbell said the hole was discovered by his two sons, Ward and Don, yesterday.

Campbell said the boys were fishing on Ward's Lake when they were approached by a man about 20, shortly after 3 P.M. yesterday.

The man told the boys that he had seen a red glow in the sky on Friday, evening, shortly after dusk. The man said a red glowing object had landed in the forest about a half mile from the lake.

The boys investigated the story and found the charred area a about 1,000 yards in the oak forest near the lake.

Hundreds Go to Forest to see 'Mystery' Hole

Glassboro, N.J., Sept. 5-
Hundreds of persons went to the oak forest near here yesterday to look at a circular clearing of charred earth, a mystery to police and the public.

In the center of a 25-foot diameter area is a 30-inch deep, plus, an area marked with what appeared to be metal scrapings. It is 1,000 yards off Roser Drive.

Ward Campbell, Sr. of 30 S. Dellea Drive, called police yesterday after finding the hole. He said a son about 20 years old had been told about it by a man about 20 years old that he'd seen a red glowing object land Friday night.

Glassboro police said they took samples of earth and other material to Clark Air Force Base for examination.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

The following two articles appeared in the Glassboro Enterprise of Thursday, September 10, 1964 (page 1) and in the Camden Courier-Post of September 11, 1964 (page 6) respectively.

Police, USAF Officials? Probe "Mystery" Here

Glassboro police officials, cooperating with authorities at McGuire Air Force Base and representatives of the United States Air Force, are still conducting a probe into the mysterious crater found by two young youths in the woods of Fries Mill on Saturday.

1. Our investigation showed these holes were actually an average of 15 inches in diameter, and 9 to 11 inches deep. (for actual dimensions see Fig. 1.)

2. Again our investigation figures differ from the newspaper account. The holes were not exactly 27 feet apart. (for actual dimensions see Fig. 1.)

3. Wright-Patterson AFB.

4. Saturday, September 5, 1964.

According to local officials, discovery of the circles of charred earth in the wooded area near Ward's Lake was reported by Ward Campbell, Sr., of 30 Delran Drive, Glassboro, who led police to the spot after being given information of the mysterious markings by his two sons, Ward, Jr., 11, and Donald, 8.

The youths were, on the lake area on Saturday, when they were approached by a man about 20 years old. The man, still unidentified, though an appeal has been made for him to come forth, told the youths of seeing a red glow in the sky on Friday night, and that a red, glowing object had landed in the forest just a short distance from the lake. The boys investigated the stranger's report, leading to notification of local officials.

The mysterious crater is described as being a few feet in diameter, with two center containing particles of sand that had been fused together by extreme heat. Adding to the mystery, however, are three apparent "so-called" marks remaining in the scorched earth surrounding the crater. Broke three limbs above the site, with no other marks on earth, or orbit, of some vehicle.

While no official word has yet been given for the finding, local officials feel that it was probably Indians by some manner "rocket" or "craft" into the night.


- page 10 -

Metal-like Substance Studied by Air Force Team

Glassboro - Six Air Force investigators yesterday took back to McGuire Air Force Base a small piece of a "black metal substance" found in the soil where mysterious marks were discovered Saturday in an o k Forest. Two miles northwest of here.

Pfc. Robert Toughill said the metal-like substance was to be analyzed by Air Force scientists. The investigators examined the site and took pictures. Police said the Air Force team also questioned two Friday Bar Co. who lives on Focer St., near the site where the marks were discovered. They saw a "red glow" in the sky Saturday night, following the discovery of the strange marks.

The investigation began headed by Air Force Major Malowsky and Capt. Fisher. They were accompanied to the site by local Police Capt. Phillip Cappolino, Ptl. Toughil and Ptl. Joseph Pisacane.

The marks, a triangular arrangement of holes with a larger hole in the center and surrounded by charred earth, were originally discovered Saturday by two young brothers. They had been fishing at a nearby lake when they were approached by an unidentified young man who told them he had seen a red glow in the sky Friday evening after which a red glowing object landed in the forest.

Our interest in the Glassboro case started on Monday, September 7, 1964.

In the eleven o'clock news on LNCV-TV, a local station, an announcement was made that there had been a UFO sighting. A crater having charred sides, as well as strange tripod marks were discovered at Glassboro, New Jersey. This was the first information we received concerning the incident as well as the first serious treatment given subject matter of this sort by a Philadelphia TV station.

We did not make our initial trip to Glassboro until the following Saturday, September 12. We now feel that this was a mistake, for in delaying our investigation we may have endangered our chances of acquiring conclusive early evidence which is so important in all UFO cases. During the week, the area had been picked clean by curiosity seekers, Glassboro police, and the Air Force. It also refined slightly the validity of some evidence presented later in our report. This, however, has all been taken into consideration, and has been given much thought. We have come to the conclusion that none of our evidence is misleading, nor is it meant to


- page 11 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

SUB

TASK NO:
66102

TITLE:
UFO

DESCRIPTION OF WORK:
Please Conduct X-ray Diffusion Analysis of Silicates Particles.

ESTIMATED BY:
Sgt Maggy
EDEW
ext 65716

The rest of the form fields are either blank or not clearly legible.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Jor ... th Pays $10 Court Cost
For Space Landing Hoax

The 18-year-old perpetrator of the Glassboro, N.J., Great Space Landing hoax got off with a mere $10 court cost Monday night after pleading guilty to creating a false alarm.

Police Capt. Philip Coppolino testifying to Glassboro Municipal Court, told how Michael Holowka had two friends pinned some tiles in the ground, broke two tree branches and sprinkled some chemicals around to create a rumored landed space vehicle that never existed.

"No doubt, he is a brilliant boy," Coppolino said.

LURED THOUSANDS

As a result of the boy's whimsical scheme, professors from four colleges, Air Force personnel and tour bus drivers "believed" the hoax to the woods area off E. Poser St. in Glassboro to inspect the "spaceship" landing site.

The boys dug a small hole, then punched out three "meteor" holes and above these broke off the branches of a tree. Then they set fires in the center of a crater and sprinkled some extra vegetation and medium distance to make it appear radioactive.

STARTED RUMORS

After learning about the hoax, Michael Holowka's father, Walter Holowka, told them he had seen a "red glowing object." Then his brother, Don, told his father who notified police.

Police announced the hoax after Halloway, using the name Hallow, told to set the story to a local weekly newspaper.

After Coppolino finished his testimony, Halloway reiterated his false alarm.

CITES MANHOURS

Judge Lawrence Myers then asked Coppolino if he had any recommendations for other anti-hoax methods, to which Coppolino said:

"He is a studious boy, but there have been many man-hours spent on this case."

The Judge fined Holowka $50, then suspended the fine, but told the youth he is to pay $10 court costs.

The Philadelphia Inquirer - January 18, 1965
$50 Fine Suspended


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

The Evening Bulletin
PHILADELPHIA, Tuesday, January 19, 1965

Boy Fined $50
In Spaceship
Hoax in N.J.

By FRANK TOOHEY
Of The Bulletin Staff

Glassboro, N. J., Jan. 11 - Michael Hallowich, 16, accused of spreading a hoax by landing in woods near here last September, received a suspended fine of $50 and court costs.

Accompanied by Capt. Philip J. Coppola of Glassboro police hearing after admitting spaceship hoax.

STA FINE SUSPENDED
Jersey Youth Pays
$10 Court Costs for
Space Landing Hoax

The 16-year-old perpetrator of the Glassboro, N.J. hoax, which caused some excitement last Monday night after a police official expressed his awe at the youth's inventiveness.

Police Capt. Philip Coppola, acting in Glassboro Municipal Court, told how Michael Hallowich spread some holes in the earth, and by spreading some radiation, simulated a space landing last September.

AIRED THOUSANDS
As a result of the boy's fabrication, four colleges, Air Force personnel and tourists were thrilled by his blockade to the wooded area of E. Broad Street in Glassboro to inspect the alleged landing site.

Coppola told how Hallowich and two friends carried out the scheme during an overnight camping trip.

The boy then a crater, then spread some radiation and simulated a landing site and above these holes he scattered some tree limbs they set a fire in the center of the crater and sprinkled some soil, posing and radiating presence about the area to make it appear authentic.

STARTED RUMOR
After he met the area, Hallowich told friends two small boys had been a "red glowing object" and about a half mile away. The story spread, and soon the whole neighborhood, including his brother, Don, 8, told police the story.

Police answered the hoax after Hallowich, using the name of a local newspaper, published a fictitious testimony, Hallowich entered a plea of guilty to charges of being a disorderly person and is facing a fine alone.

CITIES MANHOURS
Judge Lawrence Myers then computed the man-hours of accommodations to offer and investigate said:

"He is a studious boy, but there have been many man-hours spent on this hoax. The Glassboro-E. Hallowich $50, the youth had to pay $10 court costs.

Until two weeks ago, with two boys he schemed at school at Glassboro that he had a falling out with his parents and moved out of the home on Princeton st. Since then he has been working at a bowling alley.

Weeding at Alleys
Coppola said Hallowich is now working at a bowling alley in Glassboro trying to raise money to go back to college.

The police captain described how Hallowich, a brother and a friend chartered with "firing a flare around a hole in the woods and went to either elaborate lengths to spread the story of a space ship had landed, and taken off."

The studious-looking Hallowich, wearing dark horn-rimmed glasses, raised the $10 court costs from among some friends.

The police placement said Hallowich finished his freshman year at Glassboro State College last September and is back in the fall.

Coppola described Hallowich as a "brilliant boy" who would go far in life if he would "put his mind into proper channels."


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

-3-

It was about 3:15 PM, Saturday afternoon, when Steve Kendorski and I, Walt Klinger, arrived at the scene. Here are our findings. (see Fig. 1)

The clearing was located in a wooded area containing mainly trees of oak, hickory, sassafras, and a few pine. These trees are all common to southern New Jersey. Other foliage in the area were all common plants, shrubs, and mosses which are found throughout the southern New Jersey area.

The clearing in which the markings were found is located about 100 yards from the dirt road leading from Focer St.5 There is a house located about 600 yards from the clearing. We feel that the house at 600 yards is within hearing distance of the crater. Any explosion of this size needed to create a crater of comparable measurements would be audible to the occupants of the house. There is very little background noise in the area. The nearest road, Focer St., is not a main highway and is probably not well traveled at night. This all adds to the audibility of any loud noise, especially an explosion. No loud sound was reported to the police or anyone else by the occupants of this house.

The possibility remains, however, that the occupants were responsible for the whole thing. This is doubtful because the boys who discovered the crater would have probably recognized their neighbors.

The owners of the property where the crater was found were generally more concerned with property damage by people tramping all over the place than with making any sort of a profit or gaining fame by the report of the crater. This is usually not the case in a hoax.

The clearing itself was just a small opening between the trees, approximately 25 feet across. No tree limbs, with the exception of the broken tree, protruded from above into the clearing, but rather extended just to its edge.

The limbs of all the trees which surrounded the clearing were intact. No branches or leaves were burnt, scarred, or damaged in any way.


- page 15 -

In the center of the clearing there was a hole, 7 ft. in length and 5 ft. 11 in. in width. Around the perimeter of the hole, and was rounded, four inches in on all sides and one inch above ground level. The color of the sand was brownish yellow. This was covered with an extremely thin layer of very white sand.

Approaching the center of the crater, there is a drop of five inches (actually four inches below ground level). This drop extends in toward the center another 2 ft. or so (see figure 1. for exact dimensions). The color of the sand here was more yellow and typical of this type of soil, known as sassafras loamy sand. Note, again the sand here was covered in places with an extremely thin layer of very white sand.

The central and deepest portion of the hole is twenty inches below the ground level and twenty-seven inches in diameter. The sand in this region of the hole was colored a yellow-orange, indicating that this sand was a subsoil or rather a transitional soil. This section of the hole was not covered with a layer of white sand, as were the other areas of the site.

There were definite signs of the hole's erosion. There were some foot-prints around the hole. However, we still feel our measurements are the most accurate, since no carefully taken measurements previous to our visit exist. In any event, we cannot locate them.

The three "tripod holes" in question are located at the edge of the clearing. They are not evenly spaced or centered, nor are they symmetrical.

Their dimensions are as follows(see Fig. 1.): the distance from A to B, 26 ft.; from B to C, 27 ft.; from C to A, 23 ft. 6 in.; the dimensions of A were 17 in. by 17 in. by 9 in. in depth; the dimensions of B were 16 in. by 13 in. by 11 in. in depth; the dimensions of C were 13 in. by 15 in. by 10 in. in depth; the distance from A to the center hole was 13 ft. 6 in.; the distance from B to the center hole was 13 ft. 4 in.; the distance from C to the center hole was 18 ft.


- page 16 -

These "tripod" impressions appeared to have been pressed rather than dug. Roots in the A. .. extending into these holes we. not shared off, but were pressed heavily into the sides and bottom of these holes. Anyone digging these holes would shear off these roots at the edge of the hole as experiments showed.

A young Sassafras tree was broken in half six feet above the ground.

The break was located 7 ft. 6 in. from the center of the hole, and 10 ft. 6 in. from the center of C. The tree was partially uprooted, probably due to the numerous visitors. The top of the tree was scraped and had some bark removed. This would seem to indicate that something heavy was dragged up or down it. The bark itself was not greatly splintered. Sassafras is a soft wood and splinters greatly when broken, unless it is broken violently and with great force.

Breaking Strength of Green Sassafras

The limited data we have on the species indicates that in the green condition it has a modulus of rupture of 6,000 pounds per square inch. If we use this average strength data and place your 2-2-inch round piece of sassafras on supports spaced 24 inches apart, it would require a concentrated load at the midpoint of the specimen of 1500 pounds to break the specimen. This, of course, is an average for the species, and for any individual piece the load might be smaller or larger than the 1500-pound value.

Courtesy of:
J. A. Liska, Chief
Division of Wood Engineering Research
Forest Products Laboratory
Forest Service
United States Department of Agriculture
Madison, Wisconsin 53705

There was a patch of mosses about 4 feet from the center hole. These mosses were not in any way damaged, either by heat or by particles thrown from the hole. This is very important. This shows that the heat that fused the sand in the hole, although the central hole is 27 in. in diameter, it is not perfectly symmetrical.


- page 17 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-5-

center hole was very centralized and was confined to the hole. If an explosive was used to make the hole, then it was a highly directional blast. There were no burn marks anywhere in the area from the burning of hot fragments. The technology used in making a directional, careful explosive of the type needed to produce the hole and scatter no fragments is typical of most mature chemists and experimenters. We did not, however, rule out the possibility of an explosion. We conducted tests on soil samples taken from the area to determine nitrate content. A concentration of nitrates in the soil would indicate the use of chemical explosives. These are the results of our tests.

Five soil samples were taken at the site of the UFO landing in Glassboro, New Jersey. The soil is typical of southern New Je sey, being composed mainly of sand with stones of sandstone and quartz scattered throughout. The soil is in three layers; the first and uppermost is black with a great deal of organic material in it and is approximately 1.5 inches in depth; the second is gray with some white and extends down to approximately 12 inches below the surface; the third layer is brown/orange in color and its depth was not determined, but was at least 20 inches. All sand is silica (quartz) with minor "dirt".

Soil sample A was obtained from the bottom of the central hole (main hole, F in Fig. 1.) of the site. A test was performed on this sample, as well as the others, to determine the presence of nitrates, if any; the "brown ring test" was used. This first sample showed only a faint trace of nitrates. Although this sample was obtained 15 days after the reported landing, and another sample was also tested that was obtained 8 days after the reported landing, we feel that these tests are accurate.


- page 18 -

Soil sample #2 was obtained from the ground through the hole (H in Fig. 1); this soil appeared to be brown or blown out of the center hole. The nitrate test proved negative on this sample.

Soil sample #3 was obtained at a distance of 8 feet from the center of the central hole (H in Fig. 1), on the surface. The test for nitrates decided to be negative; however, coloring in the test tube possibly indicated a very faint trace of nitrates.

Soil sample #4 was obtained at the same location as #3 but was taken 15 inches below the surface, in the brown/orange layer. The nitrate test proved to be positive, showing the presence of nitrates.

Soil sample #5 was obtained at the bottom of the hole or impression to the right side of the broken tree as viewed from the central hole. It was decided that no test would be necessary on this sample.

All tests for nitrates were performed at least twice. Our conclusion is that the central hole was not the result of an explosion of conventional chemical explosives. Chemical explosives usually leave nitrates at explosion sites.

Report on Soil- Sassafras Series-7
Sassafras soils have a grayish-brown surface layer over yellowish-brown or strong-brown, heavy sandy loam to sandy clay loam. Beneath this is a loose sand or gravelly, and substratum. Excess water or fine through the soils readily.

Those well-drained soils have formed from sandy sediments that contain little or no glauconite. They occur primarily east and west of the greensand belts, but some areas lie within these belts. In some slopes range from nearly level to steep.

The native vegetation is a forest of mixed oaks that contains scattered pines. Goss, Crossan, and Drayton soils. They have a loose Downey, Coatesville, and fin substratum, in contrast to the firm substratum of the Aura soils. They are thicker and contain more clay in the subsoil than the Downey soils. They do not have mottling or pale subsoil like the Coatesville and Drayton soils.


- page 19 -

Forested areas have micropodzol horizons up to 3 inches thick. These horizons are in the upper part of the profile.

The range thickness of the surface is from 16 inches, but the range is from 10 to 16 inches. In places rounded quartzose pebbles, 2 to 2 inches in diameter, are scattered over the surface and mixed through the soil horizons. They occupy up to 20 percent of the soil mass in some places.

Normally, the pebbles are most abundant at the surface, but, in places, especially where the soil is normal on or near, terraces, beds of gravel occur below a depth of 24 inches.

The thickness of the soil is about 16 inches. The range is from 10 to 30 inches. The amount of available moisture held by the soils ranges from low to moderate, depending on the thickness and texture of the different horizons.

Sassafras soils occur below a depth of 30 inches. They are low in organic matter, relatively low in clay, and low in natural fertility.

They respond well to fertilization.

The soils are well suited to nearly all the crops grown in the county.

Sassafras loamy sand, 5 to 10 percent slopes:
This soil is a drift sand, loamy sand, 0 to 5 percent slopes, except that the thickness of the surface layer is 14 inches, eroded by wind and water surface layer has been removed and a few gullies have been cut.

If well managed this soil is suited to fruit, vegetables, and general farm crops.

Contrary to the conclusions of our geological report is Dr. Robert L. Brown's statement on the subject. Dr. Brown is an under-professor of earth sciences at Southern Connecticut State University. He stated that there was potassium nitrate found in the soil indicating that explosives were used, and furthermore it was the work of some amateur chemist.

Dr. Brown made no explanation of the three "tripod" holes or of the broken tree.

In a phone conversation with Colonel Bouchard, the investigations officer at McGuire Airforce Base, New Jersey, I learned the Air Force had "made available"

7. from Soil Survey of Gloucester County, New Jersey" Series 1959, Number 8.
8. We found nitrates in the soil but not in the crater.


- page 20 -

the samples and pictures from the area to Dr. Brown. It is Colonel Bouchard's understanding, "as far as I know", Dr. Brown did not visit the actual site, some 30 miles southwest of McGuire.

The "male available", to my knowledge, did not include a chemical analysis to determine nitrate content or anything else by Dr. Brown or by anyone at McGuire.

Colonel Bouchard said the samples would be sent to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio,7 for complete examination by Air Force experts. Said Colonel Bouchard, "I only conducted the initial investigation. We are sending the samples to Wright-Patterson; they'll do the rest."

Since Dr. Brown did not take any samples of his own for examination, and since he left his statement with the Air Force at McGuire at the close of his visit, we would like to know how Dr. Brown determined the presence of potassium nitrate and what his views are concerning the "tripod holes" and broken tree. A copy of this report will be sent to Dr. Brown.

In drawing Figure 1., it was noted that tripod holes A and B are almost the same distance from the center of the crater and are almost centered on the crater. Hole C, however, is not centered.

Assuming the position of hole C could be changed to form a more symmetrical triangle, C would have to lie on a balancing axis; i.e., be equidistant from A and B (see Fig. 1.). If the distances between A, B, and C were equal, forming an equilateral triangle, the position of hole C would be the spot marked D on the "balancing axis" in Fig. 1. This "balancing axis" falls cross the broken sassafras tree, and comes very close to crossing the point of the break. This leads, possibly, to a very interesting conclusion.


- page 21 -

Here is the text from the document:

Before going further, I would like to present parts of an article written by Coral L. Loser which appeared in Fate Mag., Inc., August 1964, pp 27-38. (For those who are unfamiliar with Fate, it is a monthly magazine which prints "True Stories of the Strange and Unknown". It is considered a good, accurate source of information on UFO sightings.)

These are parts of the Fate account of the UFO landing in Socorro, New Mexico on April 24, 1964.

It is a dry, rocky draw within the city limits but isolated from the town proper. Only the roofs of two barns and a house are visible from the spot. The highway, less than half a mile away, is hidden.

9. Air Force Headquarters for UFO Investigations.

Although there are basic ground differences, the New Jersey site resembles that of Socorro in that the highway in both cases was hidden, in New Jersey by the woods. No houses are visible from the New Jersey site, they too are hidden.

The marks left by the machine are not entirely unfamiliar to experience of UFO investigators but to the two officers they were strange. Four instantaneous apparently had resulted from landing gear pressing into the hard, rocky earth. At another point four circular impressions were spaced approximately three and one half to four inches in depth, this circular impressions a little less. Almost in the middle of the area three-quarters of a degree bush was covered and smoldering. The burning just have been intense and brief for the woods and earth within the area bound by the indications did not show charred and smoking. There were no tracks.

As in the Socorro incident there were no tracks. The soil in New Jersey was softer and would allow something of the same weight as the Socorro craft to make holes over twice as deep. Only the center hole in New Jersey showed signs of extreme heat. The tremendous heat generated to fuse the sand did not affect the surrounding area at all.


- page 22 -

HEADQUARTERS
1611TH AIR TRANSPORT WING (H), (MATS)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
McGuire Air Force Base, New Jersey 08541

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ISTO

SUBJECT: UFO Siting - Glassboro, New Jersey

TO: Foreign Technology Division
AFCIN-AE
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

20 Jan 68

The attached news clippings are forwarded for your information as they pertain to a UFO siting report.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JAMES E. BOUCHARD
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Information Officer

1 Atch
News Clippings


- page 23 -

A very important point relating to the markings at the site of the land is the appearance of the weeds shaped indentations. They look as if something very heavy could have supporting mechanism and settled to earth where its weight pushed down and consequently pushed some of the weeds and grasses. The bushes and grasses are burned only toward the apparent center of the area.

Here a difference is found. In the Glassboro case the indentations were not wedge shaped, but they appeared to be spherically shaped at the bottom. This seems to show something blunted or round at the end made the hole. Again only the center hole was affected by the heat as only the center was affected in Socorro.

Nothing from the article from Fike was found about the presence or absence of radiation on the site. He did perform tests to determine whether radio-activity was present. No radiation of any significance was found. The actual count on the soil samples ran about seven counts per minute plus or minus three. It is our conclusion that the area was or is now in no way contaminated by radiation of any kind.

The Frankford High School Science Research Club, UFO Investigations Team has drawn from their findings, which have been presented in this report, the conclusions that follow:

1. No chemical explosion was responsible for the formation of the charred center hole.

2. The heat that fused the sand was greatly centralized and its duration was probably short.

3. The three tripod holes were the result of pressure applied to the surface of the sand. They were not dug.

4. No evidence can be found to prove the incident is a hoax.


- page 24 -

5. We feel reasonably sure the strange marks were the result of some sort of unknown type of vehicle, possibly interplanetary, landing in the clearing, as in the Socorro landing.

In closing we invite any persons having additional information on the Glassboro landing to make their information available to us.

The opinions expressed in this report are those of the Frankford High School Science Research Club, UFO Investigations Team, and not necessarily those of the school officials.

This report was compiled by the members of the UFO Investigations Team.

We wish to thank Bernard Gausmann, of NRPV and the NRPV news staff, Colonel Bouchard, USAF, McClure Air Force Base, and the Glassboro Police for their valuable information and assistance.

Your comments and questions will be appreciated. Address letters to:

Frankford High School Science Research Club
UFO Investigations Team
Frankford High School
Watkins St. and Oxford Ave.
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 19124.


- page 25 -

OFFICIAL REPORT: September- October, 1964
UFO Investigations at Glassboro, New Jersey

Compiled by
Frankford High School Science Research Club
UFO Investigations Team

Written by: Walter Klinger
Edited by: Frank Kendorski
Stenotic by Susan Lemparter, October 18, 1964


- page 26 -

IMMEDIATE VICINITY OF REPORTED UFO LANDING

Scale: 1" = 28' 8"

Path
Slight
Slope Down

B
84" 56" 27"

A

Path

Designed by
Walter Hinger

G

Broken Sassafras
Tree

Path

Extent of Foliage
Moss Covering Most of
Clearing

FIGURE 1


- page 27 -

MAP OF VICINITY OF REPORTED UFO LANDING
Scale 1:24000
1000's Feet

Locations on map:
- Krogsey Lake
- Mantua
- Creek
- Duffield Pipe Line
- Site of UFO
- Orchard
- Pipe Lake
- Ward Lake
- Kandle Lake
- State Rosenbaum's College
- Metropolis
- Glassboro

Adapted from U. S. Geological Survey Map - Pitman East, NJ
1953

Legend:
- Highways
- Secondary Roads
- Dirt Roads
- Streams
- Metropolitan Area

Sketched by
J. A. Kordowski, III

FIGURE 2


- page 28 -

Amalgamated Flying Saucer Clubs of America, Inc.
2204 New Albany Rd. Cinnaminson, N. J. 08077
Unit No. 19. Michael J. Campione, Director. 329-5703

The Philadelphia daily newspaper of January 19th, carried an article regarding a Jersey Yorker making a sensation in the news. The article was paid in to cover a story of a spaceship landing.

A Police Captain mentioned how a local resident and two friends were out driving and controlled a spaceship had landed at the site.

At is my such published work or knowledge, now we will always come forward and state suspiciousness for open work. We will always limit information, but nothing will stop us from telling the truth as we see it.

Apparently, this case is confirmed to report by the local police. The people who saw this were a local resident and two friends, who were driving in the vicinity of this area at the time of the incident.

We are quite optimistic that this case, now the news, will be only possible in Cinnaminson, N.J. This compound is highly populated area.

A quantity of U.S. sufficient to surprise most the time, such as great concern. These are now not much of this dangerous compound.

If they handled this dangerous compound proportionately, they must of a certainty, become subject to the ill effects common with the type of material handled.

These people who honorably visited the median all those the laws imposed the area as their city. Clearly they must all have been subject to some hazard.

Undoubtedly, now Jersey citizens will have a different view of the area which will also cause to readily see the possible effects.

However, the problem still not is too deep, there are other factors to consider.

(Remainder of page appears to be cut off or illegible)


- page 29 -

Amalgamated Disk & Saucer Club of America, Inc.
2202 New Albany Rd., Cinnaminson, N. J. 08077
Unit No. 10   Michael J. Campione   Director   829-1909

This report was taken one hour after sighting and compiled very carefully to explain the procedure of the sighting and other details.

(1) Initial Sighting: A possible of sighting a flying object which appeared to be a disc-like object moving at a high rate of speed. This was on 9/9/64 at approx. 8:45 PM near Glassboro, N.J. Witnesses were two adults.

The two witnesses, while driving in a westerly direction, noticed a bright light in the sky which at first appeared to be a star or planet. As they continued to observe, the light began to move in an erratic manner, changing colors from white to red to green.

Photographic evidence was not possible due to the darkness and the rapid movement of the object. An attempt was made to follow the object but it disappeared from view.

(2) Investigative action (which indicates a detailed study of the member sighting) was taken. Interviews were conducted with the two witnesses separately to eliminate possible collaboration. Signed forms were obtained.

(3) Conclusions neighbors of the initial two witnesses were interviewed. They apparently had no knowledge of the sighting.

Excerpts from the NICAP "U.F.O. Investigator".


- page 30 -

Artifact # 342-23-487
Located in Artifact Room


- page 31 -

GLASSBORO N.J. 4 Sep 64

CASE INCLUDES (6) SIX PHOTOS
WITH DUPLICATES TO TOTAL 29
PHOTOS AND NEGATIVES.

INCLUDES ONE (1) BOX OF "MATERIAL"
(SEPARATE FOLDER)


- page 32 -

The image appears to be a very low quality, grainy black and white photograph. Most of the text is illegible due to the poor image quality and heavy noise/graininess. There is a small white rectangular area near the bottom center of the image, but the text within it is not readable. The entire document seems to be degraded and difficult to discern details from.


- page 33 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

UFOD (USAF)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
22 Oct 64

Southern Connecticut State College
New Haven, Connecticut

Dear

We are forwarding an analysis on the physical specimen submitted
to the Air Force in connection with the Glassboro, New Jersey
report. Analysis indicates that the siliceous particles were
natural minerals. We are also enclosing a copy of the UFO report
from McGuire AFB.

This report was given a low priority because preliminary analysis
of the objects indicated no space residue due to the absence of
radioactivity. For this reason there was a delay in receiving
the final analysis.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR.
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch


- page 34 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph with a textured, grainy quality. It seems to show two figures, but the details are obscured and difficult to make out clearly due to the image's low contrast and degraded condition.


- page 35 -

There is no legible text in this image. The image appears to be a black and white photograph or illustration showing three figures standing or bending in what seems to be a grassy or textured outdoor environment. The figures are wearing light-colored clothing and appear to be engaged in some kind of activity, with two figures bending down and one standing upright.


- page 36 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph or illustration showing three figures standing close together, with a textured or grainy background. The figures are rendered in white and light gray tones against a darker background, creating a somewhat abstract or stylized effect.


- page 37 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph with a high-contrast, grainy quality showing what seems to be several figures or silhouettes, but the details are very difficult to make out clearly.


- page 38 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a tree with bare branches and what seem to be some stone or concrete structures or statues in the foreground, possibly in a cemetery or memorial setting. The image is quite grainy and has some visual noise typical of older photographic prints.


- page 39 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

CENTER HOLE IS APPROXIMATELY 14" DEEP AND 20" ACROSS. AROUND THE
PERIMETER OF IT IS A CONTINUOUS GROUND SPACE OF APPROXIMATELY 4" WIDE
OF THE HOLE AND EXTENDING OUTWARD 5". THE GROUND IS ABOUT 5" HIGH AND
ON TOP OF THIS LAND MOUND IS APPROXIMATELY EQUAL SPACES ARE 11 DISCOLORED AREAS
WHICH ARE BURNED. THE SAND HAD BEEN FUSED FROM HEAT AND THERE WERE PIECES
OF SHINY METAL SIMILAR IN APPEARANCE TO SOLDER.

AWAY FROM THE CENTER HOLE IS A TRIANGULAR PATTERN OF THREE HOLES
10" WIDE AND 10" DEEP IN WHICH THE GRASS LIE BEEN DEPRESSED.

The document is labeled "EXHIBIT A" and has the page number "2" in the top right corner.


- page 40 -

10 Sep 64

On 10 Sep 64 at approximately 0755 this office received a telephone call from Colonel Buchard, Public Information Officer, McGuire AFB, New Jersey. He reported a UFO hovering from a radius of 5 to 8 miles near Glassboro, New Jersey. Bulletin. Place of sighting - Glassboro, New Jersey. 30 inch hole in ground, 4 - 3 feet deep. The ground appears to be sand based. To Glassboro. In addition, some tripod markings were found in the middle. Depressed marks were one, 134 ft from hole, two, 134 ft another direction, 134 ft third. 15-16 ft in clear direction. Depressed area about 9 inches deep in wooded fashion. In wooded area, no access to area except for walking. Broken branches.

Colonel Buchard has sent three officers and photographer to area to investigate. Press. Associated Press called Col Buchard last night. He informed them that he was sending out investigators, however, they were not experts in this field and all information would be forwarded to Wright-Patterson AFB for evaluation. He will send metal samples if any and any this site pictures to this office.

We informed Helen (USAF SANOTPO) on 10 Sep 64 at approximately 0800 hrs and informed her of the above information.

Col Buchard called MGT David Moody, 1430 hours, 10 Sep 64. Additional information: 1/2 inch Firecracker found in main hole roots still intact. Tripod marks 6 - 8 inches deep. Leaves were intact and in ground. Scorched or singed (something like aluminum foil) pieces in large hole also sand appeared crushed. No one will admit to making the additional report (so and so reported it to me and so and so told me and so and so). Metal samples are being placed in box and being sent here right away. Helen was also informed of this info by Col Buchard.

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page are partially illegible]


- page 41 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Director, Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen:

I send article in paper about shadows
and UFO searched earth.

[There is a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO with various annotations, but I will not transcribe the sketch annotations as they are partially illegible.]

At the bottom right of the document, there are some partially legible notes that seem to read:

Like to
current strong
or similar?

The top right of the document has some date-like markings: 9-11-64 and another partially obscured notation.


- page 42 -

Here is the text from the document:

This is a brief discussing, relating
reporting, that initially covers the facts
in landing and searching the earth.

I believe you gentlemen docs met this
above but sometimes a simple look
at things may help.

Yours truly,

[There is a blacked out signature/name]

At the bottom of the page, there is also a partially visible document number/stamp: "DOG 11 16-9861"


- page 43 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Pattern Air Force Base
Langley
Ohio

There is also a postmark and postage stamp visible, but the text of the postmark is partially illegible.


- page 44 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

The Evening Bulletin
PHILADELPHIA
Tuesday, January 19, 1965

Boy Fined $50
In Spaceship
Hoax in N.J.
By FRANK TOUGHILI

Glassboro, N.J., Jan. 18 (JP)—Michael Hallowitz, 16, accused of staging a phony spaceship landing in woods near here last September, received a suspended fine of $50 last night.

Michael, police said, staged the hoax and then impeded the investigation by fabricating a story.

The judge fined Hallowitz $50. Then suspended the fine, but told the youth he had to pay $10 court costs.

Hallowitz told police he had been a student at Glassboro State College. Then he had a falling out with the police and moved to another town. Since then, he said, he has been working as a boy's counselor.

The policeman said Hallowitz falsified his statement that a spaceship had landed in the woods near Glassboro State College last September and afforded a $5,000 reward.

Working at Alleys

Coppoline, a friend who was working at a bowling alley in Glassboro, told police he would go to the police station to make a statement.

The police said Hallowitz and his friend chartered with five or six area youths a hole in the woods at night and went to other elaborate lengths to make it appear a spaceship had landed.

This individual Coppoline said, according to police, dug some ground about the area to make it appear radioactive, making sulfur and other chemicals about the area.

The boys dug a crater, then mounded out three holes, then told their story about how they set a fire in the center of the crater and scattered some sulfur potassium and radium chloride about the area to make it look like a landing site.

STARTED RUMOR
In the Glassboro area, Hallowitz found two small boys fiddling and told them he had seen a "red glowing object" land about a half mile away. The boys told their parents and then his brother, Don, 8, told other friends who notified police. Police uncovered the hoax after Hallowitz, using the name of a local weekly newspaper, obtained testimony. Hallowitz entered a plea of guilty to charges of having a disorderly conduct.

CAPTION: Michael Hallowitz, 16, accompanied by Capt. Philip J. Coppoline, of Glassboro police, leaves police hearing after admitting spaceship hoax.

Jersey Youth Pays
$10 Court Costs for
Space Landing Hoax

The 16-year-old perpetrator of the Glassboro (N.J.) State Spaceship hoax got off with paying $10 court costs Monday night after a police official expressed the area's bewilderment.

LURED THOUSANDS
As a result of the hoax's widespread publicity, professional UFO chasers, Air Force personnel and amateur astronomers from Essex St., in Glassboro to inspect the "spaceship" landing site.

Coppoline told how Hallowitz schemed, planned and carried out the overnight caming trip.

A brilliant boy described as a private person, Hallowitz would go to far as to lie if he would "run a mind into proving something."

The police said Air Force investigators, one of many officials and private persons investigating the spaceship incident, were among those who came to look over the hoax site.


- page 45 -

Visible text:
A0160
[Partially legible text above the black redaction marks]

The rest of the page appears to be mostly blank with some black redaction marks covering text. Most of the document is not clearly readable.


- page 46 -

This image appears to be a graph paper grid with numerical markings from 0 to 100 on both the vertical and horizontal axes. There are some faint handwritten markings/lines on the graph, but they are too illegible to definitively read. The graph is in black and white and appears to be part of an older document or report.


- page 47 -

Text found in the image:

PHILIP'S ELECTRONIC INSTRUMENTS, MOUNT VERNON, NEW YORK   CATALOG NO. 1031

The image appears to be a graph paper grid with numerical markings from 0 to 100 on both vertical and horizontal axes, with some handwritten "X" marks plotted at various coordinates.


- page 48 -

Text found in the document:

ANALOG NO. 529-33

MADE IN U.S.A.

PHILLIPS ELECTR.

The rest of the document appears to be a graph paper grid with some hand-drawn markings and X symbols at various coordinates, but no additional legible text.


- page 49 -

Text found in the document:

PHILIPS ELECTRONIC INSTRUMENTS, MOUNT VERNON, N.Y. CATALOG NO. 5679

The rest of the document appears to be a graph paper grid with some faint markings and coordinates ranging from 0 to 100 on both the x and y axes. The markings are very light and difficult to discern clearly.


- page 50 -

Text found in the document:

CATALOG NO. 62103
MADE IN U.S.A.

The rest of the document appears to be a graph with gridlines, with numerical values from 0 to 100 on both vertical and horizontal axes. Various handwritten markings and lines are present on the graph, but the specific details or meaning of these markings are not clear from the text alone.


- page 51 -

Text found in the image:

100

90

80

70

60

50

40

30

20

10

0

PHILIPS ELECTRONIC INSTRUMENTS, MOUNT VERNON, NEW YORK


- page 52 -

The image appears to be a graph paper document with handwritten markings and numbers. The text I can discern includes:

On the right side of the graph:
- "x sec"
- Some partially legible text near the bottom right

On the left side of the graph:
- Some handwritten text that is difficult to fully read, but appears to include words like "height" and other partially visible annotations

The graph itself has gridlines with numerical markings from 0 to 100 along the vertical axis. There are several handwritten lines and annotations plotted on the graph, but the specific details are not entirely clear due to the image quality.


- page 53 -

Handwritten text in top right corner: "Memorandum"

The rest of the document appears to be a grid/graph paper with some faint handwritten markings and lines, but the text is not clearly legible enough to transcribe with certainty.


- page 54 -

1 - 31 OCTOBER 1964 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                   OBSERVER           EVALUATION

1       Hillsboro, Oregon          Military (PHOTOS)  INSUFFICIENT DATA
1       Kansas City, Missouri      Astro (METEOR)
1       San Jose, California       Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
1       Oahu, Hawaii               Other (CAUSES IN FILM)
4       Owego, New York            AIRCRAFT
7       Kahoka, Missouri           SEARCHLIGHT
7       Klamath Falls, Oregon      AIRCRAFT
12      Europe                     Military (PHYSICAL SPECIMEN)  Other (QUARTZ)
14      N5.508 -170.00W (Pacific)  SATELLITE
16      Fairborn, Ohio             Astro (VENUS)
19      Dayton, Ohio               Astro (SIRIUS)
23      Millersville, Pennsylvania INSUFFICIENT DATA
23      36.00N  116.22 (B/W) Pacific  Satellite
23      Oakwood, Ohio              INSUFFICIENT DATA
23      Weatford, Massachusetts    Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
24      66.00N  27.40W (Atlantic)  Military  INSUFFICIENT DATA
25      Dayton, Ohio               Astro (METEOR)
25      42.35N  17.50W (Pacific)   SATELLITE
26      23.09N  159.31W (Pacific)  Military  Other (MISSILE)
26      Summit, New Jersey         Other (FAKE REPORT)
28      Brimfield, Massachusetts   Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
28      48.24N  172.04W (Pacific)  SATELLITE
30      Ft. Jones, Mt. Shasta, California  INSUFFICIENT DATA
30      Beavercreek, Ohio          Other (MOON DOG)
31      South Charleston, Ohio     (PHOTOS)  Other (REFLECTION)
31      Peterdale, N.Y.            INSUFFICIENT DATA

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                   SOURCE             EVALUATION

Oct     Universe                   Science News Ltr (NICAP REPT)
1       Dearborn, Mass.
6       Waltham, Mass.
9       Tucson, Ariz.
11      Brockton, Mass.
14      Titusville, Pa.
16      Florence, Oregon
17      Hamilton, Ohio
18      Stow, Ohio
19      North Pacific
22      Sisters, Oregon
23      South Gate, Calif.          (Ltr)
24      Salt Lake City, Utah        News Clipping
27      Large Bay, Australia
30      Yorkshire, England

(R) SEPARATE FOLDER


- page 55 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

THE "HOAX" IN NEW JERSEY

Sometime went to a traffic light in Glassboro (Glassboro) New Jersey. But they didn't fool the Air Force's flying saucer investigator.

The AF has called the whole thing a hoax and said it was apparently concocted by someone.

Dayton, Ohio, and was entered in the Cleveland Plain Dealer of Sept. 5th.

WHAT REALLY HAPPENED?

Glassboro, New Jersey, a town of 10,000, lies in a productive area. It is near the industrial area of Wilmington, Delaware, Chestnut, Pa. and Camden, New Jersey.

The excitement began when two young boys found a strange sight in the woods - a strange tube roughly 25 x 25 x 25 inches. They were fishing and exploring in the area. Two strangers who had emerged from the woods at the edge of the lake (One stranger was beardless - their identity still unknown).

The time was 7:30-7:45 P.M. They had started and discovered the mysterious object.

For several days prior to this time, several sightings of UFOs had been reported. Mrs. Freda Childs, a 46-year-old housewife, had seen a bright object hovering on the same night the markings were found. Three nights later, home had seen a red, glowing object in the sky.

The AF continued its investigation and samples taken on the scene (triangular-shaped markings) were sent to the ATIC Journal American of September 11, reported that the AF investigated had found "three bubble gum wrappers, the remains of a balloon, and a piece of aluminum foil."

Chemical analysis is the form of "globules" were returned later by Mr. Marcell. The site was filled with water and the ground was soft. They could not imagine what house would be there or how the ground was disturbed.

NICAP's UFO Investigator (September-October, 1964) carried a detailed account of this case. The account was used in conjunction with other sources to FSIC.

Investigators found Mr. and Mrs. Marcell, a neighbor, and Mr. Frank Sergi, who were the local and local and Frank Sergi also visited the site.

A great coincidence, the two young fishermen who were told by a friend that they found something in the forest of oaks, are now the center of this story.

(Rest of the text continues but becomes partially illegible towards the bottom of the page)

The document appears to be discussing a UFO incident in Glassboro, New Jersey, with various witness accounts and Air Force investigation details.


- page 56 -

Information Only
Source: UFO Investigator, Vol III, No. 2, April-May 65

Glassboro, N. J.

EVIDENCE CONTRADICTS HOAX CLAIM

Re-checking by NICAP investigators cast strong doubt on the claim that a Glassboro, N.J., youth "chased" the reported UFO from landing in a nearby woods, September 7th. The youth was fired for "seeing a false alarm."

In September, NICAP, the Air Force and police found a large landing-site near where the youth claimed the object landed. Soil samples and other physical evidence were taken. The six-style "booster" claimed the other youth's story was modified, but NICAP has not yet expected has told NICAP it would have taken 16 men to rip out the tree.

The "hoax" contains several other discrepancies.

Our local investigators believe the boy made up the hoax report after the first news account in the local newspaper. Any new developments will be reported in a later issue.


- page 57 -

HEADQUARTERS
1618TH AIR TRANSPORT WING (H), (MATS)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
McGuire Air Force Base, New Jersey - 08541

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: WGDO-PF                                                                                14 Sep 64
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)

TO:   AFSC (FTD) ATTN: Maj. Quintanilla
       Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1.   Reference AFR 200-2.  On 10 Sep 64, a personal on-the-scene investigation was conducted by this Wing with the Police Department at Glassboro, N.J.  This investigation was precipitated by an article appearing in a Philadelphia newspaper (see attachments) and numerous telephone calls to the Information Office at McGuire AFB, N.J.

2.   Our investigation team was unsuccessful in locating the individual who called to be an eye witness to this strange phenomena.  Interviews with the Glassboro Police and with the local populace provided insufficient information which could make an assumption.  All physical evidence was gathered from the Police Department and checked by a geiger counter for any radiations.  This proved negative.  However, our investigation did reveal that the crater hole identified on exhibit "A" as Crater 2 from which the police claimed to have gathered the fused material did not contain exposed roots which were not burned.  Further investigation at the same hole produced a firecracker, identified as "Black Cat".  A firecracker of this nature does not contain enough of an explosive charge to produce a hole of the magnitude that was evident.  Interviews with the local populace also revealed that several years ago a local teenage boy launched a homemade rocket which exploded approximately one hundred feet above the ground.  Considering the limited amount of information and advance investigation our preliminary investigation produced, we are reluctant to attach any validity to this incident.  All physical evidence gathered is being forwarded to you for further analysis.

3.   The following statement was made by [REDACTED], Associate Professor, [REDACTED], Southern Connecticut State College, New Haven, Conn.

    "An examination of the particles and photographs indicates that the crater at Glassboro, N.J. is not likely to be anything more than a hoax.  Analysis of the photographs is that a mixture of ingredients for gun powder, contained in a foil wrapper, was involved."


- page 58 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

suspended over a sandy region by means unknown. The mode of
detonation is not known, but some fusion was used. The relatively
undamaged site created intense heat, apparently burning for some
time to fuse local sand. Roots in the crater were not damaged by
heat, indicating no percussion, but rather dispersion by caustic
seekers, and to a degree a shallow crater caused by homemade gun
powder. All particles were silicious, showing a conical character,
indicating that they were deposited in the area and are indigenous.
The blackened appearance is in effect not porous, or lava-like,
probably an excess of carbon used in gun powder mixture. Analyses
of potassium nitrate in the area confirms the hoax.

FOR THE COMMANDER

GERALD M. McNULTY
Colonel, USAF
Deputy Commander, Operations

4 Atch
1. Newspaper Clipping
2. Schematic Drawing
3. Photographs 1 thru 6
4. Samples of Crater Materials

2


- page 59 -

