PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 16-17 March, 1964

2. LOCATION: Orange, Connecticut

3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS: No

6. SOURCE: Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: not reported

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one

9. COURSE: Stationary

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Object that looks like flying saucer picture in book making humming sounds described as heavy buzzing, short and continuous. Object flies at low altitude, slow speed remaining in one area.

11. COMMENTS:
Insufficient data for evaluation, Positional information and other essential elements missing.

12. CONCLUSIONS: (All boxes are unchecked)

(Bottom of form notes: ATIC FORM 164 (REV 26 SEP 57))


- page 1 -

The text at the top of the page is partially illegible. I can make out some words, but not the full text:

"[illegible] of a saucer HQ [illegible] the book Flying Saucers [illegible] by
[illegible] [illegible] to [illegible] two days ago [illegible]"

The main part of the page contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO or flying saucer, drawn in a sketchy, black and white style. The object has a rounded shape with some details like windows or markings along the top edge.


- page 2 -

Race Back School
107 Stannix Road
Orange, Connecticut 06477
March 18, 1964

Dear Sir,

Two people in our class saw an unidentified flying object. Five other people in our community saw it also. It was seen Monday, March 16, 1964. Tuesday, March 17, 1964 our class heard something and a boy in our class said it sounded like the object in view. The shape looked that showed and tells about its flying maneuvers. One of the witnesses saw the object in exactly the same way as all other they were seeing. This means that we know of one or two people jumping around and the incident was still under discussion. It wasn't a plane, helicopter, etc. or should one place it down with that. It wasn't flying we can figure speed and the object seemed to settle in the area. It has white and green color that they saw on all the time. The night we began saw it move this people haven't it.

The Yale University spotted an unidentified flying object. In another copy of the object I have several more information in this incident. Thanks again.


- page 3 -

Room Twenty Nine Back School
107 Shanness Road
Orange,
Connecticut
06477

Chief of Staff of the United States Air Force
Washington DC 54701

[There is also a partially visible postal stamp and what appears to be a signature or initials "UP" at the bottom of the document]


- page 4 -

We would like to recommend that your class read "The World of Flying Saucers" by Menzel and Boyd, published by Doubleday. Dr. Donald H. Menzel is an astronomer and astrophysicist, and is the Director of the Harvard College Observatory. Dr. Menzel gives many scientific explanations of how a particular phenomenon accounts for each category of UFO appearance. We think this book will be of interest to all of you.

Enclosed are several copies of the new Air Force Fact Sheet on the subject of Unidentified Flying Objects. These too will help to explain this fascinating subject to you.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

The Class of Room Twenty
Race Brook School
107 Granniss Road
Orange, Conn. 06477

2


- page 5 -

March 24, 1964

Dear Children:

Thank you for your letter of March 18, 1964, in which you reported seeing an Unidentified Flying Object and enclosed a very fine drawing of one like that which you observed.

Mr. George Adamski's books are classed as science-fiction. This means that his writings are similar to other adventure stores you may have read in school such as Jules Verne's "Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea", or "The Wizard of Oz" by Frank L. Baum. These stores are exciting to read, but they are not necessarily based on fact but rather are imaginative experiences created by the author.

The Air Force has investigated over 8,000 cases of reports of Unidentified Flying Objects during the past 16 years and has never found one bit of evidence that these Objects are any type of spacecraft from another planet. In almost every instance the report has turned out to be something that is familiar but perhaps under unusual circumstances, and therefore was not easily recognized. Sometimes experimental balloons high in the sky, atmospheric conditions, Airplanes Flying overhead might look like an unusual object. Birds with shiny white chests that reflect the sunlight or the night lights from a city have resulted in reports of Unidentified Flying Objects. Besides man made objects, there are also phenomena such as meteors, comets, fireballs and the like which can really startle the imagination when seen on a dark night. Airplane pilots have been known to report Unidentified Flying Objects which turned out to be no more than large fireballs hurtling through the sky. Atmospheric conditions may account for an object being distorted and appearing as something else. There are any number of situations which might arise where you might peer at the sky and see something you are certain is unusual and unearthly. But when all the facts are known, it may be a common object you have seen many times before but simply could not recognize.


- page 6 -

