PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
30 April 1964

2. LOCATION
Canyon Ferry Reservoir, Montana

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local Daytime

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not reported

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Reported landing of object similar to Socorro landing.

SEE CASE FILE

11. COMMENTS
Investigating officials consider case a Hoax with children recreating the marks of the Socorro sighting as carried in the local newspaper.

12. CONCLUSIONS
(Various checkboxes are present, but none are marked)

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 62)


- page 1 -

COOK ATION AND FILE COPY

UNCLASSIFIED

16 degrees 39 min 111 degrees 43 min. PART VI. Investigating officer was accompanied by legal officer 1 Lt David Mills and 2 Lt Anthony Deluca Information officer and photographer, Investigation team spent four hours on the scene, three hours interrogating witnesses. Photos taken, plus diagrams of area will be forwarded by mail and include copies of local newspaper reports. It would appear that entire incident is the result of a prank by the children involved which proceeded beyond that was anticipated. Individuals involved were completely aware of recent New Mexico incidents and at 0355 three of individuals involved had listened to some reports over KGYN, Oklahoma City for specific purposes of hearing current reports on this situation. All were aware of reported sightings in other states. This is final report and incident considered closed.


- page 2 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Hrs. Record is good.

Rochester N.Y.
11:33

There are also some blacked out lines in the middle of the document.


- page 3 -

Tioga Aging
Over Space
Visit Report

By REID A. OCHS
Newark Valley—A dairy farmer's report of talking with two Martians who landed in one of his fields in a spacecraft has Tioga County aroused with curiosity.

The report has brought inquiries by an official agency and has been a frequent topic of conversation in Tioga County in recent weeks.

Mr. Tioga, our informant, interviewed the Department of Agriculture representative who stopped at his farm on State Route 38. He located near Whitney Road and took a close look.

MR. WILSON, who lives on a farm near the Federal Bureau of Reclamation headquarters in the Whitney Road area, said he was surprised. They were about four feet tall, wore a close-fitting suit and appeared to be quite agile. He said he was not scared.

Mr. Wilson said the "Martians" spoke in a language he could not understand. They seemed to be examining the area and took some soil samples.

Mr. Wilson was quite alert and calm about the incident. He said people should not be alarmed. They were interested in the soil and seemed to be studying the area.

The rest of the text is partially illegible or cut off at the bottom of the page.


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Phone Co.
Base-Rate
Change OK'd

[Most of the left column text is partially illegible, but appears to be a continuation of an article about a phone company base rate change]

[On the right side of the page, there is a hand-drawn sketch with text that reads:]

Is This
A
Political Machine?

Spacemen Visit Tigermen
Farmers and Discuss
Fertilizers

Will We Become Just
A "Commodity" Country?

[The rest of the text in the left column is too blurry or cut off to reliably transcribe without introducing errors]


- page 5 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

FALSE IN WORK Gary T Wilson 26 of Deer Lodge Road News

[The rest of the text in the caption is mostly illegible due to poor image quality]

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a person standing, with some surrounding background elements. The photograph is grainy and has low contrast, making details difficult to discern.


- page 6 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

PAUSE IN WORK Gary T. Wilcox 26 of Dew Hollow Road, Newn [rest of text is partially illegible]

The image shows a black and white photograph of a person standing, with some surrounding environment visible. The photograph appears to be somewhat grainy or low resolution.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Talks With "Martians" Over 2½ Hours - Newark Valley Man Says

Whether or not there is anything to flying saucer stories, one has to admit that they are interesting. A new one has popped up this week and because its locale is in Newark Valley, close to home, we are reporting it without editorial comment.

On April 24, Gary T. Wilson, 21, a farmer near Newark Valley, says he was working in his fields. While walking up a small knoll he perceived a reflection near its top. Because there was a junked refrigerator near the spot where the reflection came from, Gary thought nothing of it - but when he got within about a hundred feet of the top he saw that the glint came from an "egg shaped metal object" which was about 20 feet long, 15 feet wide by four feet high. The change seemed to hover about four feet above the ground and nearby stood two human shaped forms about six feet high, whose head, trunk and extremities seemed to be encased in metal similar to that of the "ship" they had seen. Seemingly arrived in.

Wilson told the Democrat reporter that the two held boxes of sod and when he approached them they seemed to be charged that he had discovered that he had discovered the "ship" because it was supposed to be so constructed to be invisible at distances greater than 100 feet.

According to Mr. Wilcox, he conversed with the two beings for bout two and one half hours. He was informed that the ship had come from a nearby planet which Gary took to be Mars. The beings, who spoke perfect English, told him that there is always a ship studying Earth but that each "astronaut" could come to earth only about once in 24 months for physical reasons. Because the "Martians" food comes from the air they said, they were very much interested in our organic food raising methods and they quizzed Mr. Wilcox intensively about them.

The "Martians" left with no parting words, Wilcox said. There was an "idling noise" within the parked ship and it did not increase in volume when it passed out of sight, "only about 100 ft. away."

That evening, Wilcox stated, "without knowing why" he picked up a bag of fertilizer from the barn and carried it to the top of the knoll where the ship had been. The next morning the bag was gone.

When asked whether his views on the existence of beings on other planets had changed since his knoll-top meeting, Mr. Wilcox said, "I guess I still don't believe in beings on Mars but I do know that I talked to two small men in a strange ship."


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

The Friendly Club was post-
poned as the was measles
among the children.

The church news are the
Pastor, Rev. Calvin horpe.
Sunday services 10 and 11.

GENERAL NEWS
Mrs. Roland Phoenix and
Mrs. Eva Chambers in com-
pany with Mr. and Mrs. Bert
Morse attended Panama neigh-
borhood school house.

Mrs. DeRyster Saturday evening.

Mr. and Mrs. Edward Gold
man of Hurford were Sunday
Mother's Day guests of her
parents, Mr. and Mrs. Karl Al-
len.

Mr. and Mrs. Wayne Saddle
and Mr. and Mrs. Clinton, Mr.
and Mrs. Patrick Murphy and
children of Kirkwood, Mrs. Dora
Murphy of Richfield Springs
and Mrs. Cay Dyer of Maine
were Sunday guests of Mrs.
Ethel Drake.

Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Seymour
were at Richfield Springs Sun-
day and called on Mr. and Mrs.
David Wilson and family.

Mrs. Bessie Conklin of New-
foundland Saturday afternoon
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Samp ar-
rived Monday night from a
weekend visit spent at Jamaica,
Island at the home of her
mother. Rebert Moone. While
there they made a tour of the
S. Forestal at Pier 90. Their
son Sam BM 2 has been
stationed aboard the Forrestal
and is now on a week end
guest of Mr. and Mrs. Lyl
Wood.

Mr. and Mrs. Robert Figary
and family of Plymouth and Mr.
and Mrs. Warren Pfeiffer and
family of Gina, were Sunday
guests of Mrs. Hulda Pfeiffer.

Mrs. Hulda Pfeiffer returned
home with Warren Jr. for a two
weeks visit.

Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Thomas
and daughter Doris of Moyers
and Mrs. Charles Hathaway
Mr. and Mrs. Irving Burdick
were Sunday guests of Mr. and
Mrs. Donald Mowers.

Mr. and Mrs. Robert Aikens
and family of Sherburne and Mr.
and Mrs. William Cooper were
Sunday guests of Mr. and Mrs.
Arthur Burge.

Mr. and Mrs. Roscoe Drake
and daughter Doris Thomas
were at Drake and son were
guests at Mrs. Ruth Drakes
Ruyter.

Mrs. Lois and Ruth Angel
were at their home here over
the weekend. Mrs. B. F. Angel
and Lois attended a wedding at
Lime Base. Limestone, from Lois
with his parents Mr. and Mrs.
Donald Mowers this week.

Mr. and Mrs. Barry Neadow
and son spent from Wednesday
until Sunday with Mr. and Mrs.
Wesley Pfeiffer and Mr. and
Mrs. Arthur Staley.

Mr. and Mrs. Burt were
Sunday guests at Mr. and Mrs.
Walter Kruger's near Guyler.


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the newspaper page:

Egyptians 'Give Khrushchev
Noisy African Welcome
By GEORGE McARTHUR
CAIRO (AP)—Soviet Premier
Nikita Khrushchev, making his
first visit to Africa, received
a tumultuous welcome from
Egyptians today. He was acclaimed at the seaport of Alexandria, on a train ride through
the teeming Nile Delta and in
red-festooned Cairo.

Not since the revolutionary
days of 1952 have so many people surged to the streets of
Egypt's capital. It was estimated a half million lined up in the
heart of the city.

President Gamal Abdel Nasser embraced him warmly as
he began his 17-day state visit
to the United Arab Republic.

A surging crowd broke
through police lines as he drove
in an open car to the railway
station.

Similar crowds jammed
around the Cairo railway station as Khrushchev arrived to
a booming 21-gun salute after
his triumphant procession

through the delta. Since early
morning there were unnumbered thousands in the towns of
Damimhourg, Bemha and Tamia, where his train made brief
pauses.

The ancient harbor of Alexandria was a bellam of noise
and whistling as the Soviet
liner Armenia carrying Khrushchev and some 100 aides
built destroyers and submarines
of the Egyptian navy escorted
the Armenia into port.

A 21-gun salute boomed and
thousands of seamen and dock
workers lining the piers shouted
as Khrushchev walked down the
gangway.

Flags bunting and victory
arches decorated the city as
Nasser gave his guest a reception far outshining the one for
Red China's Premier Chou Enlai last December.

A barge with top Egyptian officials on board met the Armenia in the harbor. Khrush-

chev was welcomed by Nasser
on shore.

In addition to Soviet officials
and dozens of security agents,
Khrushchev, 70, was accompanied by his wife, Nina, and
their son, Sergei, and daughter,
Rada Adzhubei.

The official purpose of the
visit is to enable Khrushchev to
take part in ceremonies marking the completion of the first
stage of the Aswan High Dam.

But the trip has far wider implications.

Khrushchev is expected to
kick off a major propaganda offensive of communism in Africa, seeking to minimize the inroads
made by Red China.

As the UAR's chief arms supplier and principal contributor
to the Aswan High Dam, Khrushchev already has created considerable good will for the Soviet Union among the Egyptian

menia in the harbor. Khrush-

Most of the text continues off the right edge of the image and is cut off.

There are also two additional small articles partially visible on the right side of the page:
1. "DAVIS ESTATE SET AT $86 MILLION" (about an industrialist's estate)
2. A partially visible article about someone's death


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

BELIEVE IT OR NOT
Tiny Martians Visit Newark Valley?
By BILL SMITH

"One can't believe it, but one can't quite disbelieve it either." This cautious assessment from Newark Valley's High School principal, Frank Slater, Jr., seems to summarize the mixed feelings of this small southern New York community caught up in a "saucer" mystery.

When one of its residents unfolded a story straight from the "Outer Limits" recently, he stirred his neighbors and most of the surrounding county to disbelief, uncertainty, and intense curiosity.

Gary T. Wilcox, 27-year-old dairy farmer who runs his place several miles northeast of the village, claims to have met and talked with two alien beings while working his fields last April 21.

Dressed in what appeared to be seamless clothing with full hoods, the two beings emerged from an egg-shaped craft which hovered just above his field, according to Wilcox.

Resembling aluminum, he estimated it was about 20 feet long and 16 feet wide, and seemed to be of a strange, shiny metal unlike anything he had ever seen before.

The two humanoids were about four feet tall and appeared to have arms and legs, though he could not tell whether fingers and toes were also a part of their anatomies. The face masks concealed their features.

"We are from what you people will find a prediction — earth astronomers will find space impossible, and a prediction — a year beyond earth's atmosphere, a place where it will prove lethal because their bodies cannot be adapted to it."

Suspecting a practical joke, Wilcox said he continued to talk it out, learning that they were interested in why he used organic materials in general. They explained that on Mars, food was grown in the atmosphere, but that "changes in the universe" had forced them to examine other means of production.

Wilcox said that each one carried a tray filled with soil and seemed to know little about the department of organic material.

Land in Daylight

He was also told that their "trips" are only possible every two years and that the Western Hemisphere is their present interest. Landings are made only in daylight because their craft is less visible then.

The Martians even volunteered a prediction — earth astronauts will find a space impossible, and a year beyond earth's atmosphere, a place will prove lethal because their bodies cannot be adapted to it.

Suspecting a practical joke, Wilcox said he left learning that they were interested in why he used fertilizer on his fields and in organic materials in general. They explained that on Mars, food was grown in the atmosphere, but that "changes in the universe" had forced them to examine other means of production.

Wilcox, who bought the farm four years ago, was described by reliable sort of residents as a stable, not given to flights of imagination. He asks, "How do you get to the county sheriff's Wilcox farm?"

The Martian asked Wilcox for some fertilizer, he left to get the craft took and off, leaving without raising any dust. Wilcox said he left a bag of fertilizer at the site and when he returned the next day it was gone.

FBI Notified

FBI agents were notified and Wilcox has reportedly been questioned by federal authorities.

Another resident reported the Wilcox farm was the scene of an investigation last weekend, and helicopters were observed, apparently scanning the area.

As for the Valley residents, there are those who scoff at the idea and those who just aren't sure anymore. As Slater, whose students have been talking about nothing else, "I can see no reason why such a person would make up this kind of story."

Meanwhile, on a street in a southern New York community, a car pulls up and the driver leans out and asks, "How do you get to the Wilcox farm?"


- page 11 -

ANOTHER LANDING IN NEW YORK: Some time in mid July, five children in the village of Conklin, near Binghamton, New York, claimed to have seen a "little man" wearing a helmet and plastic goggles, who came up to them making "strange clicking sounds." The creature then walked back to his nearby saucer and climbed in, as the children ran away in panic.

Mrs. Edmund Travis, mother of two of the youngsters, questioned them closely and threatened them with punishment if they were not telling the truth. She said that she also questioned them separately, and that their stories were "pretty much the same." Mrs. Travis showed a newspaper reporter the spot where the spaceship is supposed to have landed. The moss in the area appeared to be dead and matted.

It will be remembered that in nearby Newark Valley, N.Y., a farmer named Gary Wilcox claimed that two little men from a flying saucer talked with him in English on April 24th. The above incident tends to confirm his story, which was described in detail in our September issue. (The Flemington, N. J. and Conklin, N. Y. incidents have already been reported in our Non-Scheduled Newsletter #21, but are repeated here for the benefit of subscribers who are not on the Newsletter mailing list.)


- page 12 -

This case includes eleven (11) 8x10 B&W Photos


- page 13 -

ANOTHER LANDING IN NEW YORK: Some time in mid July, five children in the village of Conklin, near Binghamton, New York, claimed to have seen a "little man" wearing a helmet and plastic goggles, who came up to them making "strange clicking sounds." The creature then walked back to his nearby saucer and climbed in, as the children ran away in panic.

Mrs. Edmund Travis, mother of two of the youngsters, questioned them closely and threatened them with punishment if they were not telling the truth. She said that she also questioned them separately, and that their stories were "pretty much the same." Mrs. Travis showed a newspaper reporter the spot where the spaceship is supposed to have landed. The moss in the area appeared to be dead and matted.

It will be remembered that in nearby Newark Valley, N.Y., a farmer named Gary Wilcox claimed that two little men from a flying saucer talked with him in English on April 24th. The above incident tends to confirm his story, which was described in detail in our September issue. (The Flemington, N. J. and Conklin, N. Y. incidents have already been reported in our Non-Scheduled Newsletter #21, but are repeated here for the benefit of subscribers who are not on the Newsletter mailing list.)


- page 14 -

Information On Only
Source: The UFO Reporter, Summer, 1964

Dillon, Montana
25 April 1964

NEWS BRIEFS:

April 25: Dillon, Montana - A tremendous blast rocked the south side of the city at 125 a.m., preceded by a brilliant flash of light in the southeastern sky...

La Madera, New Mexico - An egg-shaped object was observed by two men while driving near La Madera.


- page 15 -

Information Only (No Case)
Contact: FSIO

25 April, 1964
Kent, Ohio

"PARKED" OBJECTS

Kent, Ohio ... April 25, 1964, 8:30-9:00 P.M. ... Three objects were seen in a hovering position by Miss Glenda Giles, a student nurse, and her mother. The place was their back yard, the objects were in the west, the one to the left above the trees, the other 2 were seen side by side through the willow tree. They stood out prominently among the stars. The highest object suddenly took off to the S. and disappeared in the distance. Its color was a yellow-ish-white. The second object, over rose straight up over the willow and moved directly S over their heads. It was about 1,000 feet up, orange in color, and had a shape in an elliptic list. It too, went out of sight in the distance. The third object stared upward at a slight angle to the right, passed over the tree going NW at a level about 200 yards, blinked a dim red three times and vanished. They weren't positive, but they thought the object had stopped during the blinking stage.

The objects were estimated to be 1,500 feet away when first seen. All objects were soundless, no trail or other lights. Duration - 30 minutes. Speed compared to a light aircraft (120 MPH).


- page 16 -

Information Only
Source: The UFO Reporter, Summer, 1964

Albuquerque, New Mexico
26 April 1964

ANOTHER EGG-SHAPED OBJECT REPORTED

Albuquerque, New Mexico, April 26 - George Mitropolis reported both seeing and hearing a strange craft while driving north from El Paso, in the vicinity of Truth or Consequences.

Mitropolis was driving north on U.S. 85, one mile south of the New Mexico 180 Junction, at around 10:30 p.m., when he first sighted the craft. It appeared ahead of him, towards the right. It appeared to come up above the crest of the mountains and then drop back behind.

Mitropolis halted his car and searched behind the mountains, hearing a sound not unlike a muffled jet. The object was described as luminous, resembling an inverted bathtub thickly feet in length, with a glow radiating from beneath it that appeared to be exhaust flames.


- page 17 -

Information Only
Source: The UFO Reporter, Summer, 1964

El Paso, Texas
27 April 1964

April 27: El Paso Texas - Eight children at the Crosby School viewed a hovering UFO above the school grounds. It was described by witnesses as egg-shaped and over six feet in height...Las Vegas - A ball of glowing red flames was reported executing a landing.


- page 18 -

Information Only
Source: The UFO Reporter, Summer, 1964

April 28: near Socorro, New Mexico -
Two egg-shaped objects were seen by a truck driver and his wife, at around 5:30 p.m. travelling as fast as a jet plane ...Hobbs, New Mexico - A group of children and a pair of adults reported a circular, while object hovering above the city and thence moving off to the northeast... Cheyenne, Wyoming - Three women described an egg-shaped UFO with a trail streaking from it. Two of the women reported a similar object followed by another UFO, fifteen minutes later.


- page 19 -

Information Only
Source: The UFO Reporter, Summer, 1964

Northampton Township, Ohio
28 April 1964

OBJECT SEEN IN OHIO

Northampton Township, Ohio, April 28 - 
At 9:05 p.m., a UFO was observed by Myrna
Johnson.

The hovering and pulsating object, a
glowing white in color, was first seen to
travel from the east-northeast. When it
reached a position near the zenith, it
halted, retarded for a short distance,
came forward once again, and hovered. It
then pulsated a few times, and travelled
slowly westward, gaining altitude.
The object suddenly changed color to a
glowing deep-red, appearing to grow large-
er, and disappeared high in the distance.


- page 20 -

Extract from a book, 23 April 1964:

UFO: Reported by Mr. [redacted] Office Phone: [redacted] Headquarters.

Departed MATS on private airplanes (flying alone), runway 11, Saturday morning at about 9:00 a.m. About 2 miles east of Bandel, just south of NW 08, and west of western side, about 2200 feet - 3000 ft.

UFO size of a softball, probably not bigger than a football. Just did it look like a bird. Scooted along as it sort of missed - not quite an even, smooth constant.

Level flight ----> 3x1 Shape of UFO

Dull white in appearance - not darker than a bird. Capt. Harbold had a clear or sharp different color. Capt. Barber of Scottsbluff had a first indication was to report to base and report it. Estimated speed at 70-80 mph. Closed as about 1/2 mile. Maintained a speed of 70 mph. Did not seem to get smaller as passed away.

Sunglasses on - no problem with sun. Flying for about a year.

(A web seems like a very sober individual - very emphatic about making this confidential. Capt. Barber so he could provide additional info if desired.)

Benton C. Clark, 1st Lt. 1345


- page 21 -

Southampton again

Mr. Peter J. Kelly sends us yet another sighting report from the Southampton area. It occurred on April 29 and was witnessed by a Fifth Form pupil, David Lawrence, at Testwood Secondary Modern School, Totton.

David Lawrence said that when he first saw the object, its elevation was about 40-45. He guessed that it was about cloud height, and might have been about the size of a large aircraft. His account reads as follows:

"At football match at Tetwood ground, I was watching the game when a woman near me asked her husband, 'What's that in the sky?' (she likened it to a star). Her husband gazed up and they paid no more attention.

"At first I thought it was just a small but rather regular cloud, but when I saw that the other clouds were stationary and this object was slowly travelling in a north-west direction, I knew it was no cloud.

"It appeared as a rough disc and of grey colouring. It was also slightly and seemed to shimmer as I looked at it. As it receded it seemed to level out and become brighter, in fact, silvery.

"When the match finished I went home, by that time (8.20) it was quite distant and near to the horizon. I went indoors, and fetched binoculars, but unfortunately it was too distant to pick out any detail which I had not seen before. Within minutes it had completely disappeared."

(27)


- page 22 -

Information Only
Source: The UFO Reporter, Summer, 1964

Rock Springs, Wyoming
29 April 1964

UFO FLIES OVER WYOMING

Rock Springs, Wyoming, April 29 - A high flying disc was seen in the western sky by a group of eight students, another party of eleven students, a Junior high school teacher named Richard Surline, and another man named Keith Boyce.

The first group of students observed the object via telescope. As it moved towards the west, it appeared to turn and present a flat side and edge. A glow emanated from its sides.

Surline reported the object to be a black flattened disc at first. It then apparently gained altitude and turned silvery.

Keith Boyce phoned Surline at about 12:30 p.m., to determine if the latter had seen the weird craft. Surline continued to observe the object until 2:30 p.m.

The second group of students described the UFO as egg-shaped, wobbling, and of a green color that turned to silver. Presumably, it was visible during the entire afternoon and early evening. It was last reported moving eastward with great rapidity, before disappearing behind a cloud.


- page 23 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a dense, tangled area of branches, twigs, and vegetation. The image is quite grainy and high-contrast, with intricate patterns of light and dark created by the overlapping branches and foliage. The scene looks like it could be a close-up of a thicket or brush area, with no clear focal point, just an intricate web of natural elements.


- page 24 -

Information Only
Source: The UFO Reporter, Summer, 1964

Austin Bluff, Colorado
30 April 1964

April 30: Austin Bluff, Colorado - Reports were received of multiple landings, with important left upon the ground...near Baker, California - Three motorists described object laying upon a hilltop off U.S. Highway 91, which left a large depression in the ground....Alamosa, Colorado - Four children reported a metallic appearing egg-shaped object flying slowly in a curved path, in a northeasterly direction, towards Mount Blance, which soon disappeared within a cloud. The UFO apparently emitted a steady hum....Green River, Wyoming - A number of children reported a strange flying object. From 7:00 to 7:30 p.m. several witnessed reported a silvery spherical UFO hovering above them, which finally was obscured by dark clouds.


- page 25 -

Information Only
Source:                                                                Baker, California
                                                                        30 April 1964

TWO SAUCER LANDINGS IN CALIFORNIA: On the night of April 30th, three Californians travelling to Las Vegas along U.S. Route 91, reported seeing a mysterious dome-shaped object which had landed near the highway. The UFO was spotted on a hilltop about 10 miles west of Baker, California. Mrs. Gloria Biggs, one of the witnesses, told authorities: "At first we thought it was a water tower, but as we got closer we knew it was something we'd never seen before." Mrs. Biggs, her husband, and her mother watched the smooth brownish object for about five minutes while their car was moving. It then disappeared suddenly from its hilltop perch when they looked away for a moment. Mrs. Biggs added that the only subsequent sign of the object's presence on the hill was a large depression in the ground. She gave her story to officials at Nellis Air Force Base, who promised that an investigation would be made.

Las Vegas Mystery
We are indebted to Mr. James T. Wardle for sending us the following account from the Salt Lake Tribune of April 30: "Three California travelers, riding by car to Las Vegas, reported sighting on Thursday a mysterious dome-shaped object the size of a large water tower which disappeared while their car was momentarily distracted from it. Mr. and Mrs. Gus Biggs and Mrs. Lorene Ayres, all of Fort Collins, Colo., told of an unidentified flying object last Friday within some 10 miles west of Baker, U.S. Highway 91. Mrs. Gloria Biggs was quoted as saying: 'At first we thought it was a water tower, but as we got closer we knew it was something we'd never seen before.'"

"She said she, her husband and her mother, Mrs. Ayres, watched the smooth, brownish dome-shaped object about five or six minutes while their car was moving. She said the object disappeared from its hilltop perch when they looked away for a moment. Mrs. Biggs said the only subsequent sign of the object's presence on the hilltop was a large depression in the ground."

A similarly unidentified flying object was spotted in Socorro, N.M.


- page 26 -

Information Only
Source:

Green River, Wyoming
30 April 1964

Green River, Wyoming, saucer
From the Deseret News, May 2 issue:
"Two families peered into the sky here on Thursday evening while a 'silvery, shining, round' object hovered high over their heads for about 30 minutes.

"We saw something—whether it was a flying saucer, we don't know," said Mr. James Pace, 115 Keith Dr. "But we're not imaginative people."

"Mrs. Pace told the Deseret News that she, her husband and two of her children were on the front lawn with neighbor family, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Cameron, about 7 p.m. They were watching two aeroplanes—a commercial craft and a smaller private plane—cross paths in the sky, when the children, Suzanne Pace, 6; Michael Pace, 5, and Kevin Cameron, 5 pointed higher in the sky and shouted "There's another flying saucer, just like the one we saw yesterday in school."

"Mrs. Pace had dismissed her children's stories of flying saucers over the schoolyard the day before as creations of "kid's imagination."

"Mr. Pace focused binoculars on the object in the sky and viewed a 'shining, round light,' standing on its edge like a silver dollar. It was 'very high' in the sky," Mrs. Pace said.

"The Pace theorized the shiny effect was merely a reflection of the sun's light. After the Paces and Camerons viewed the object, which appeared to be hovering, for about one half hour, dark storm clouds obscured it.

"The day before when the kids were talking about saucers, I thought they were just making it up," Mrs. Pace said. "Then I read in the Deseret News of reported saucer sighting. I started questioning my children a little closer."

"Mrs. Pace found that children throughout the neighborhood and those attending nearby Roosevelt Elementary School had reported viewing unidentified flying objects on Thursday.

"Meanwhile, in Salt Lake Valley, a twelve year old boy said on Friday he saw an object 'hover for a minute or two' in the sky, then dart behind Mt. Olympus.

"Mr. Robin Leon Beglarian, son of Mr. and Mrs. Nicola Beglarian, 2902 Florence Cir. (2980 East), said the incident happened about 4:30 p.m. The object hovered about 2,000 feet above Mt. Olympus before disappearing."

(Credit to Mr. James T. Wardle).


- page 27 -

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
23 February 1965

M/A Major Quintanilla combined BLUE BOOK AFS
                                                                No such
                                                                memo sure.

Major Hector Quintanilla
Foreign Technology Division
Box 9494
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

I am enclosing a roasted copy of a APRO bulletin. Please notice the reported Holloman Air Force Base case. This is the sort of case which prompts charges of Air Force secrecy, and I feel that it would be very wise to track this one down to its lair if at all possible. Apparently there was some conversation between the bomber pilot and the tower which the radio amateur accidentally overheard, but things like that can't get nipped in the bud at the very beginning. It gives an awful lot of grist for the mill of APRO, etc. I don't know what can be done at this late date, but at the very least, the radio amateur and the newspaper reporter should be contacted to see just what the original stimulus was.

I am also enclosing a roasted copy of a note from Mr. English. He was the one who reported the Toledo case which was rather similar to the Monticello case. I have asked him to get some pictures made of the terrain around there at a nominal cost if necessary.

Reference 18 August 1964, 200 miles east of Dover (Atlantic): would it be possible to get the names of the crew members concerned? I would like to write to them and have each one give me a completely independent statement and drawing of what they reportedly saw. If this can be done, we may be able to take this of the unidentified list. Apparently these people were between two cloud decks and saw an object approaching them. It might have been a relatively stationary balloon which they were overtaking and passed. Since everything over the Atlantic is carefully checked by radar, this is a puzzle, and it would be very interesting to get the comments of the individual crew members. I would like to find out how bright the object appeared and also whether they ever saw it to the rear of the plane.

Last Sunday I took occasion while leafing around to call this German professor at the Eastern Mennonite College in Harrisonburg, Virginia. This is the case, you will remember, that Dave and Sgt. Jones investigated. I also called [REDACTED] because I wanted to get straight on two points. One was how they would explain the fact that no one else on a well traveled road would not have seen the object and also by talking to get a possible line on their personality quirks.

[REDACTED] gave [REDACTED] a completely clean bill of health which, of course, I expected. [REDACTED] seems to be a little displeased with the counter [REDACTED] was using and asked me why I kept setting in back to zero whenever it showed a large reading! He also wanted to know, when the ground was covered with four inches of snow, could say categorically, that there were no traces of anything having landed.


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN

TUCSON ARIZONA - JULY 1964

UAO LANDING AT AIR FORCE BASE

Discussion
(See article on straight line pattern, this issue)

The first point which must be dealt with in relation to the Holloman landing is the question of its reality. This again falls into things which have not been printed in this article in order to protect our sources, but Mr. and Mrs. Lorenzen are completely convinced of the authenticity of the information and the reliability of the sources.

It is impressive to note that the pilot of the B-57 knew what the markings on the object at Socorro were. This suggests that the military at White Sands and Holloman had been secretly briefed. He probably knew he ran the risk of alerting many of the personnel at both bases, as well as any off base source. In the frequency but in order to alter proper military authorities he had to be cautious. He was almost freely and certainly in depth by a large number of the personnel at both bases.

On the Saturday following the landing, a group of civilian pilots, returning from a convention in Louisiana, set down their planes at Holloman for a short time. They were all approached by an Air Force major who showed them a paper with the marking of the Socorro object such as anything like it before. No one had, but the very fact that this was done indicates the seriousness with which the military was treating the whole situation.

The greatest significance of the information concerning sightings in the vicinity of the White Sands-Holloman Range, is the fact that those "UFOs" utilized an electronic recognition signal. The fact of course is open to all sorts of argument and speculation. For one, military people have mentioned that they do not pick these objects up on radar. Possibly they have, at times, but didn't know it because the objects responded to the transponder signal with the correct code.

There are other facts of this situation which are interesting, but they will be discussed in another article with the significance of that Southwest trip.

The following is a chronological sequence of the landing of an unidentified object on the North Range Explosion of Holloman Air Force Base on Thursday 30 April 1964.

The pilot of a B-57 bomber engaged in a mission of a low altitude training flight in the vicinity of Stallion Site, a few miles east of San Antonio, New Mexico, near the missile and informed the radar operator at the site along the way to which he returned the following day. What do you mean? The pilot explained: "We got a UFO on our radar scope." What was the significance of this? The pilot was sure he had seen something.

[The rest of the text appears to continue but is cut off at the edge of the image]


- page 29 -

Here is the OCR text from the page:

JULY 1964

Landing . . .
(Continued from Page 1)

[The rest of the text continues, but some parts are partially illegible due to the image quality. I'll transcribe what I can clearly read:]

There are, of course, details which cannot be given here, inasmuch as they might compromise those who were involved. It is sufficient to say, however, that our original inform...

[The text continues but becomes increasingly difficult to read in parts. The page appears to be from "THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN" and is labeled as PAGE 3.]

Would you like me to attempt to fill in the illegible parts or just provide the clearly readable text?


- page 30 -

HQ 3-8's, Information Only                                                   30 April 1964
Source: FSC Bulletin, Vol 2, #1                                                       Holloman AFB, TT

UFO LANDS AT AIR FORCE BASE

Holloman AFB - White Sands Proving Ground Integrated
Test Range

The loudspeaker at Main Control blared these electrifying words: "I've got a UFO." It was April 30, 1964, just six days after Lonnie Zamora's reported UFO sighting at Socorro.

Upon being questioned, the B-57 pilot replied: "It's egg-shaped and white." "Any markings?" asked Control. "Same as Socorro," the pilot added. "I'm going to make another pass." (Ref. to Lonnie Zamora's sighting on 4-24-64.) Minutes later, the B-57 pilot told Main Control, "It's on the ground."

Then radio communications ceased. Photo crews were asked to stand by.

Rumors circulated that a UFO was in a hangar at Holloman, under heavy guard.

Other unidentified lights had been sighted on the Range, during April, prior to Zamora's sighting. Another involved a guard who ran into a UFO on the ground at night. Hysterical with surprise and fright, he emptied his side arm at the object, then fled, with the UFO seemingly in hot pursuit. He reached Base H.Q. and was to badly shaken, he was hospitalized.

Attempt by the Lorenzen's to verify the rumors has been unsuccessful.

Radar - Visual Observation on May 15, between 11:30 A.M. and 12:16 P.M., Surveillance Radar at an F-106 radar at Stallion Site, tracked two objects in the area North of Stallion Site. The UFO, performed "perfect, precise flight maneuvers," including side-by-side flight, separating, then rejoining each other in formation and up and down (Yoyo) maneuvers.

Visual confirmation was made by a trained radar operator who saw the two objects; he described them as brown and football shaped. They were flying at low altitude and disappeared beyond buildings at the instrumentation side where the radar operator saw them visually.


- page 31 -

Plymouth mystery

From the Western Morning News.
April 24: "People living in the Mill-
house area of Plymouth spotted a
bright cylindrical object in the sky
moving in a north to south direction
late yesterday. The object appeared
to break in two before disappearing.
The Meteorological Station at R.S.F.
Mountbatten could offer no explana-
tion." (Credit to Mr. D. Ward.)


- page 32 -

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                   SOURCE              OBSERVER
APRIL
4       Tacoma, Washington         UFO Reporter
5       Croydon, England           Flying Saucer Review
6       Baton Rouge, La.           Dayton Daily News
10      St Andrews, Scotland       Flying Saucer Review
13      Walthamstow, England       Flying Saucer Review
15      Johannesburg, South Africa Flying Saucer Review
15      Lyons, France              Flying Saucer Review
24      Newark Valley, New York    Various
24      Plymouth, England          Flying Saucer Review
25      Dillon, Montana            UFO Reporter
25      Kent, Ohio                 FSIC
26      Truth or Consequences, N.M. UFO Reporter
27      El Paso, Texas             UFO Reporter
28      Cheyenne, Wyo.,Hobbs, N.M. 
28      Socorro, New Mexico        UFO Reporter
28      Northampton Township, Ohio UFO Reporter
29      Southampton, England       Flying Saucer Review
29      Rock Springs, Wyoming      UFO Reporter
30      Austin Bluff, Colorado     UFO Reporter
30      Richmond, England          Flying Saucer Review
30      Baker, California          
30      Green River, Wyoming       

The last line appears to be partially cut off or illegible.


- page 33 -

THE A. P. R. Q. BULLETIN                PAGE 7

Patrolman Lonnie Zamora

Sgt. Sam Chavez

Drawing No. 1 - Artist's Conception of Scenic Object


- page 34 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a tangled, textured scene with what looks like branches, twigs, or vegetation in various shades of black, white, and gray.


- page 35 -

UAO · LANDING IN NEW MEXICO

The Southwest Flap

We are deeply indebted to many people for the information which comprises the following report. We would like to name them so that the members will know the kind of teamwork which made the following report possible:

Arlyn Bruer, Alamogordo Daily News, Terry Clark, KALG Radio, Alamogordo, New Mexico, Sgt. Sam Chavez, New Mexico State Police, as well as numerous contacts who prefer that their identities remain unknown.

This report will consist of the facts of the Zamora sighting, which brought the UFO into sharp focus in the latter part of April, and the day-by-day, blow-by-blow account of the entire investigation, which is as interesting, in some ways, as the sightings themselves.

At 6:50 p.m. on Friday evening, 24 April, 1964, Patrolman Lonnie Zamora of the Socorro, New Mexico City Police, was proceeding south at high speed on South Park Street in pursuit of a speeder. As he drew abreast of the Church of the Buena Pastor (God Shepherd), his attention was attracted by a loud roaring sound and out of the corner of his eye, to the southwest, he saw a blue flame which disappeared down toward the ground and out of sight. As policemen often must, he thought quickly, made his decision and steered his car off Park St. and onto a faint trail leading off into the gullies southwest of town. He felt he knew the speeding motorist anyway, and his first impression of the roar and the flame was that possibly someone was "fooling around" the dynamite shack which was located in the general direction of the blue flame he had seen.

After Zamora left Park St., the trail led up onto a small mesa, but the mesa was so steep and there was no road as such, that he had to make three runs before his car made the grade, then he drove across the crest and down the other side.

At this point, and for only a few sec-

(See Landing—Page 3)


- page 36 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Longing - (Continued from Page 1)

onds, the gully to the south of him was visible, and in it, he glimpsed a white object, which, from that distance (450 feet) appeared to be an overturned car (standing on end) with two children or small adults standing by it. The figures were dressed in white clothing which he thought looked like mechanic's raid one of them appeared to turn toward him and seemed startled. Zamora took his mike down and called Chavez, asking for assistance. He asked him to come alone.

Zamora drove his car up and across the next mesa where he stopped it. He then heard two loud metallic banging noises. He got out of his car, but in doing so, disobeyed his microphone which he automatically picked up and put back in place. He took three steps toward the gully and could see the object down the short slope a little to his left. Suddenly, an ear-splitting roar filled the air and the object began to "kick up dust."

Zamora, thoroughly frightened, threw himself on the ground. Looking up, he saw the object was rising. In a slanting trajectory toward the southwest. He got up and ran and bumped into his car, in doing so, his sun glasses disobeyed and fell to the ground.

As the object rose, it displayed a blue flame of a particularly brilliant hue which was three or four times as long as it was wide.

The roar ceased quite suddenly and Zamora stopped in his tracks and looked around. The object was banded southwest, making a high-pitched "whining" sound. It was ascending at a very shallow angle, at approximately 20 feet altitude when it cleared the dynamite shack. Zamora ran to his car and called headquarters, asking if anyone there could see anything in the southwest. Unfortunately they didn't, because at this time the object was rapidly going out of sight and at such a low altitude within town because of trees and buildings.

"Do I look strange?" Zamora asked. Chavez replied, "You look like you've seen the devil."

"Well, maybe I have," Zamora said, and related his experience. The two men walked to the edge of the gully and looked at the ground where the object had rested. It was still smoking. Several clumps of range grass were burned, as well as a stubby mesquite bush.

There were four 8x12-inch wedge-shaped depressions, 3 to 4 inches deep arranged in an uneven rectangle. There were also four circular depressions about 4½ inches in diameter and approximate 1½ to 3 inches deep not far from one point of the large indentations.

Chavez put in a call to Captain Holder of Stallion Site who was at his home in Socorro and to an FBI operative who was in Socorro at the time. Holder and the FBI man came out to the site, took measurements, and the FBI man piled rocks around the indentations to preserve them. Then Zamora and Chavez were questioned extensively. During this activity Chavez searched Zamora's car for any equipment that could have been used to start the fire or to make the indentations. He found none.

After receiving the call from Zamora, Chavez, who had been fingerprinting a prisoner, turned the prisoner over to another officer and got into his car and headed out South Park Street. Later, when the Lorenzens talked to Chavez, he said his car had no difficulty making the grade up the road.

Sgt. Chavez also told the Lorenzens that he had looked into Zamora's car to see if there were any implements of any kind which the indentations and fire could have been effected. There were not. Mrs. L. asked Chavez why his story that Chavez had been so strange, and he followed the regular procedure to establish evidence. He himself had never put any stock in "flying saucer" stories previously.

When queried about Zamora's request to "come alone," Chavez said Zamora felt that he was seeking something unusual and wanted a sympathetic and objective person to verify the object. All questions concerning Zamora's honesty and integrity were met by Chavez with absolute endorsement. He was personally convinced that Zamora experienced what he claimed he did. This was the same general consensus among Zamora's fellow officers and friends.

"He's a good man."

After the call from Chavez asking for further directions, and Zamora's call asking if police personnel at headquarters could see something in the southwest till the vicinity of the Perlite Mine, Deputy Sheriff James Luckie got into his car and went to the dynamite shack location, arriving just behind Chavez. He also testified as to the smoking condition of the ground and the indentations.

The Investigation

The first word to arrive at APRO headquarters concerning the Socorro sighting came in a telephone call from Lynn Bruce of the Alamogordo Daily News in Alamogordo at 11 a.m. on Thursday, the 25th. Mr. and Mrs. Lorenzens were just preparing to leave for a jaunt into the desert to collect some (a type of lily often called cacti) to use in a backyard fence. They had tended to leave much earlier but had been delayed. We relate this to the how much good fortune figured into whole situation. Mr. L. was scheduled to play bass with a dance band 1 night and in order to make the trip 1 trick that late in the day on Saturdy after hearing from Bruce they decided to go to New Mexico and were laid in starting only by the time required to find a substitute. They arrived in Tucson at 5 p.m., arrived in Socorro 1 a.m. At 8 a.m. on Sunday morning they were at the Police Department within 45 minutes were on their way to the UFO landing site in a patrol car with Sgt. Chavez and Chief Pineda. The officers were very cooperative in answering any and all questions. After making their own measurements and taking samples of earth from the burn ground, one indentation, they left at went back to town with the officer in charge. They made an appointment at the Dispatcher's office.

Zamora didn't show up until almost 2 p.m. He seemed reluctant to talk, but Mr. Lorenzens pointed out the question would take only a very few minutes. The Lorenzens, Zamora, Deputy Sheriff Luckie, a reporter from the El Defensor Chietain went into the Sheriff office and the Lorenzens asked Zamora to recount his experience, which he did. However, he said he hadn't seen an "little men." Mrs. L. pointed out that he had told the reporters for the first wire story that he had. He then admitted he had, and described them. He said they looked like "young boys" or "small adults," and appeared to be ½ the length of the object's apparent size as visible from the gully. He had not been able to make out any features or details. He also drew the object as he saw it from 450 feet as he approached the 2nd mesa, and as it looked as he looked down toward it from the mesa after he arrived there.

The Lorenzens brought up the question of the markings on the object but

(See Landing— Page 4)


- page 37 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(Continued from Page 3)
Zamora said he had been instructed by
Intelligence not to talk about them.
He also named Captain Holder of the
Army community at Stallion Site as the
individual who asked him not to discuss the markings. He would not give
in on this point, so they did not press
him as they had already gotten a description of the markings. Zamora also
did not say anything about throwing
himself to the ground, nor did he mention his request to Chavez for him to
come to the site alone. It was felt that
Zamora might have felt embarrassed about being uneasy when first
seeing the object, and his reaction when
the object began to take off.

Thus, the interview with Zamora was
informative, and Mr. Lorenzen immediately called Captain Holder on the telephone and asked him about his request
that Zamora not discuss the markings.
Holder said he simply felt that those
marks, if kept secret, could help to determine whether or not other future
sightings were genuine. The Lorenzen
believed him--he seemed to be an intelligent young man attempting to do a
good job in the best way he knew,
which appeared to have been a good job.

When the sighting was first being
checked out, by the Lorenzen to determine whether or not it justified a
first-hand investigation, Terry Clarke
called to tell them that he had called
and talked to Zamora and that Zamora had said the FBI man had
cautioned him not to talk about the
"little men" to newsmen. This was the
only incident during the whole investigation which indicated in any way that
there was an 'attempt' at censorship.
Later, even after talking to the Lorenzen, Zamora changed his story from
"little men" to a "pair of what looked
like white coveralls." It is easy to see
that he could not have denied the existence of man-shaped white things entirely as he had told the first reporters
about them.

One part of the investigation was
most interesting and enlightening. When
the Lorenzen returned from the landing
site, Chavez had to transfer a prisoner
before he could talk further, but told
them they could use his office and telephone, etc. while he was busy. Within
about a half hour the telephone rang
and the call was for Chavez. Mr. Lorenzen went down the hall to look for
Chavez. Shortly the Sergeant came in
and took the call and he and Mr. L.
took up their conversation about the
Zamora incident where they had left off.

the Air Force should have been on the
scene by that time, and Chavez said
that as a matter of fact a Major from
Kirtland and a Sergeant from "back
east" were waiting for him in the hall
at that time. Mrs. L. said she didn't
want to keep him, and they both went
down to the dispatcher's office.

On the way they met Mr. L. talking
to an Air Force Sergeant whom he introduced as Sgt. Moody of WADC, and
Maj. Connors of the Public Information
Office at Kirtland AFB at Albuquerque.
They discussed the UFO situation briefly with the Sgt. The Major did not
participate.

Moody did not seem to be too familiar
with current UFO sightings and Mrs.
L. related some of the more spectacular
ones, including the Peruvian River incident. He seemed to be a little embarrassed. Later, Mrs. Lorenzen, who
had not participated in the first part
of the discussion, was told about an
amusing incident which took place while
she chatted with Chavez.

When Mr. L. left Mrs. L. to look for
Chavez, he saw the AF men in the
hall, stopped and introduced himself to
them, not mentioning APRO or his
reason for being there. They discussed
the Zamora incident and Mr. L. related what he had found out. The Major
seemed somewhat discomforted by his
very presence there and Moody displayed a rather off-hand smart-alec attitude. Shortly, Moody mentioned a former electrician at White Sands Proving
Ground who had claimed "contact" and
had written a book, as well as others
generally considered to be the "lunatic
fringe" of the UFO field. Then Moody
said, ". . . and there's a woman who
heads a research group out in the
area—in Tucson, I believe. Her name
is Coral Lorenzen. She's a nut."

Mr. L. said he (Mr. L.) must have
looked strange (he was applied at the
absolute cheek and lack of restraint of
the man, making disparaging remarks
about someone whom he had not met,
to a stranger) for Moody said: "Do you
know her?"

Mr. Lorenzen said simply, "She's my
wife." It was apparent that Moody
hadn't caught the name when Mr. L.
introduced himself.

Moody began to giggle self-consciously
and turned to Major Connors and said,
"She's his wife," and then said to Mr.
L., "She's sincere." Mr. Lorenzen overlooked the remarks as he was enjoying
the AF men's discomfort immensely,
and was making valuable observations
the personality characteristics and obvi-

Air Force sends out in their "scientific" investigat
In a few minutes Mrs. L.
The Lorenzen later decided
and Connors may have pos
Mr. Lorenzen was a local ma
first met him.

After lunch, and the
dent, the Lorenzen headed
of town. As they left the
lie was standing by the do
of which was pulled to the
of his prow car. He had
book in hand, and his pen
ness as usual.

Remarks . . .
Several things were imme
dent about the Zamora in
mors, who had been on di
pyn. on the afternoon of th
not have time to perpetuate
his log book was full. He
every minute. The evidence,
tion, his personality and th
told his story, precludes the
of a hoax.

Chavez, who came upon the
minutes after the object left,
that Zamora had no means t
not accept the hoax hypothe
Zamora is an exceptionally
ness—not only because he is
policeman and therefore a t
server, but because he is a ma
to flights of fancy—a practic
though his first split-second i
of the object across the draw
feet was the first such an overti
his knowledge of cars made hi
even within only a few second
that something strange was goi
would need assistance, in eit
but asked Chavez to come alone
sibly felt that if he was embarr
a result of the incident, the w
as soon there be only one with
embarrassment.

Being a good and conscient
licensee, he was inclined to
with the FBI man about the "li
even though his changed stor
cast him in a bad light. He
cooperated with the Army's
Holder because he felt the Cap
a good point concerning the m
The "markings"—in red—app
the opening to the craft. They
look like the outline of doubt
Zamora heard two metallic

(See Landing—Page 5)


- page 38 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Landing . . .
(Continued from Page 4)

Just as he pulled up on Mess 2, Also, the two sets of round indentations are so placed that they could be where a ladder was placed on the ground below a door so the occupants could descend to the ground. The two sets indicate the ladder was placed once, did not set solidly and the position was changed, and the shape and size of the round marks indicate that the "feet" of the ladder had a broad base for support.

The incident took place within 300 yards of a heavily traveled road—U.S. 85, which is a main traffic artery between El Paso, Texas and Albuquerque, New Mexico. From the gully itself, only 3 bulldog a 1 east 1/4 to 3/4 mile away to the north, were visible. Therefore the location was perfect. "Cover" for anyone who did not want to be seen. The occupants would be able to detect any approaching traffic.

Two days after the incident, Opal Grinders, a filling station attendant at Socorro, heard about the incident and recalled an incident at his station on the north edge of Socorro which took place "just before 6" (his words) on Friday evening.

A large car pulled in for gas and its driver vehemently announced that "aircraft sure fly low around here." Grinders, "How's that?" The man said, "a funny looking thing almost took me off the road south of Socorro," and a policeman in a patrol car was headed out into the desert after it at a high rate of speed.

Grinders then informed the customer that Socorro is near the edge of the range and that it was probably just a helicopter. The motorist said "it was the damnedest-looking helicopter" he'd ever seen, and further stated as that he drove into town he saw another police car—he said toward the same area with its red light on and going fast.

The foregoing seems to be an involved tale of not actually a "fact." It has the ring of truth and after one speaks to Grinders one realizes that it is.

Grinders has not been located but Grinders feels that if the fellow goes through again he'll mention the incident and he (Grinders) will notify APRO.

Grinders has no clue to the identity of the man except that he remembered he paid cash for his gas—therefore did not use a credit card and could not be traced in that manner. The station is run by Grinders is a big one and has a lot of business so it would have been difficult, after 48 hours, to have determined which customer it was even if he had used a credit card.

The girdlelike legs described by Zamora appeared to him to be 2-21/2 feet long. The drawing No. 1 accompanying this article was executed by a 14-year-old lawyer's son at Socorro, about which Zamora said it was the closest representation of the object he'd seen. Drawing No. 2 is based on the description given by Zamora. Drawing No. 3 is the object from the front, as seen from 450 feet. Drawing No. 4 is a diagram of the indentations with an outline of the object supporting so the viewer can visualize the object, its tracks, the position of the round indentations, etc. We also offer a photo of Zamora and Chavez as well as a photograph of one of the tracks.

In reference to those "landing gear" the tracks reveal that the object came down, gear extended to support it in a level position, and the "bumping" of dirt on the outside of the tracks indicate that it was probably mounded a little with the landing, and then displaced when the gear were withdrawn when the object took off.

During the week following the Zamora incident, Socorro was literally overrun with UFO researchers as well as official investigators including Dr. J. Alan Hynek, the Air Force's Astrophysics Consultant. Lincoln La Paz, the famed meteorologist of Albuquerque, made a statement of two to the press, as usual, and endorsed Zamora's reputation as an honest and reliable man. He had known Zamora for about 15 years. Hynek stated publicly his puzzlement concerning the fact that the Zamora object, as well as other objects sighted in the area, were not picked up on radar, despite the fact that the area is literally "infested" with radar.

[The rest of the text continues but is cut off in the image]


- page 39 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(Continued from Page 5)

this so-called "fall upward" leaving gaping holes in the ground.
Blichel theorized that a field which impaired negative weight to the UFO had done the same to the nearby earth.

"Perhaps the auxiliary power, apparently used by the craft in Socorro, has been added to overcome this nuisance."

When the object took off it did not ascend vertically, but slightly in the S-SW direction as well as up until is was above the top of Mesa 2, then the flame went out and the object began a slow, shallow ascent, just clearing the top of the dynamite shack, increasing speed as it flew into the SW at low altitude. It disappeared in the sky above the Black Range, southwest of Socorro.

Everything considered, the Zamora sighting is without a doubt one of the best detailed sightings APRO has ever investigated—the lack of real cooperation notwithstanding. Other sightings which look place within a few days of the sighting, although not as detailed seen to indicate that a generally egg-shaped whitish object or objects were operating in Western New Mexico for several days. What the operation actually consisted of is a matter of speculation but ensuing events lead one to a rather sobering hypothesis. See the July issue for more on this.

During the Lorenzens' last visit to Socorro, they were greeted with friendly enthusiasm by the personnel at police headquarters. Some of the observations made by Chavez was that J. Alan Hynek had spoken highly of Mr. and Mrs. Lorenzen and APRO, and that of all the people who visited there, Hynek and the Lorenzens were the most appreciated and liked. Chavez mentioned one researcher who showed up during the week following Zamora's experience, and seemed to be one of those enthusiasts who does a good job of undercutting any civilian research by his wild claims. This one said that he could go out into the desert any time and see a UFO at will—apparently they have an affinity for him—or something of that odd sort.

Just another couple of interesting sidelights: During the conversation with Moody, he admitted to Mrs. Lorenzen that "you (APRO) get more reports than we (the USAF project at Wright-Patterson) do." We interpret this in the light of our contention that the Air Force is conducting the public relations phase of the UFO effort. And, further, we civilian researchers have been sadly mistaken about our "adversary" for far too long. More about this in our next issue.

Moody also said that the Air Force handled only two hoaxes in 1963—comprising 5% of the total cases investigated. This means a total of only 40 cases investigated in 1963. Whether or not this was the truth or not is debatable of course, but inasmuch as they are carrying on a public relations effort, 40 is about par for the course, in our opinion.

(See Pages 7, 8, 9, 10 for Photos)


- page 40 -

Here is the text from the document:

PAGE 1

THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN

MAY, 1964

[At bottom of page]
Photograph of Track of UFO Made By Sgt. Sam Chavez

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing what seems to be a textured, irregular surface with various shapes and contours, described as a "track" made by a UFO according to the caption.


- page 41 -

Here is the text from the document:

Diagram of Indentations Left By UAO at Socorro

Objects Seen, Socorro—1963
The 1964 spring UFO flap in western New Mexico unearthed the following interesting sightings about two 1963 summer nights.

At about 9 p.m. on a summer night in 1963 (no exact date), Mr. and Mrs. John H. Cardwell of Luis Lopez (south of Socorro) noticed a brightly-lighted object through their picture window on the east. The Cardwells and their three children were stopped outside to get a better view of the object as it moved slowly eastward. It brightened and dimmed alternately as it moved eastward, rose and cleared the mountains, which, at that point, are 6 miles directly north of Stallion Site on the White Sands-Holloman Integrated Range. The object appeared to be about 1 mile distant when first sighted.

One month later (still no date) Mrs. Cardwell mentioned the sighting to her mother-in-law, Mrs. Olen Cardwell at Polvadera and learned that she had seen a similar object about a month after the J. C. Cardwell sighting, but at about 10 p.m.

The Olen Cardwells had retired, when they, noticed the kitchen (which is two rooms and 30 feet from the bedroom) was brightly lighted. Investigation proved the kitchen light was not on. Looking out the window she saw a brilliantly lighted object about 1/4 mile away. It appeared close to the earth and moving slowly in a ball-moon arc, brightening and dimming alternately.

In about 10 minutes the object disappeared over the mountains to the Mrs. J. C. Cardwell theorized the arc motion might account for the brightness and dimming effect of the object it corresponded to the movement.

The diagram shows:
a - geo-indications
a' - earth lines indicate mounded soil
b - outline of burn concentration
c - outline of ship


- page 42 -

Here is the text from the document:

PAGE 10.

Side View Within 125 Ft.

3/4 View
450 Ft.
"IMEN"

Front and Side View of Object Seen By Zemora

Huge Light Buzzed Car
In New Mexico

Two days before the Zemora sighting, Socorro, New Mexico, Tucumcari Mrs. Marie Morrow and a friend, Ruth Ovelette and Mrs. Morrow's 8-year-old son, were driving west about 10-15 miles east of Lordsburg, New Mexico, headed for Tucson. It was about 9 p.m. when the boy called from the back seat and told his mother "one of those jet planes" was coming toward them. He was looking out the back window toward the east. Shortly the ground around the highway, including the hills on each side, were lit up "as bright as day." The inside of the car was "lighted also, and everything, including its occupants, took on a weird, blush color.

As the object went over, Mrs. Morrow hit the brakes and swerved the car to the right side of the road. The object of the road, huge light, made up of many lens-like lights and did not appear to be attached to anything. As it passed to the front, it appeared to be about 10 feet, at the most, above the top of Mrs. Morrow's car-and several feet wider. It made a whirring, whirling sound, and was as bright as the light from a welder's torch.

Mrs. Morrow and Mrs. Ovelette said the object then gained altitude, continued on down the highway and, reached, north, disappearing quickly. The duration of the sighting was between two and three minutes.

1. Zemora's position at 450 feet who first spotted the landed UFO.
2. Where Zemora parted on top of to look across and down at UFO.
3. Dynamite shack.
4. The object.
   a. Mesa 1
   b. Mesa 2
   c. Mesa 3

Diagram of Landing Area


- page 43 -

Flying Saucer Review Aug. 64

THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE CHANGES ITS TUNE
A remarkable admission

READERS of the London Evening Standard on April 30 must have been surprised to read a headline which informed them: "Flying Saucers: They're no threat, U.S. verdict." Readers who were quite confident that the saucers had been well and truly buried a number of times over must have paused momentarily. If they then read the report that followed they must have been even more puzzled. The report is worth quoting in full:

"The United States air force says it has investigated more than 8,000 reported unidentified objects (UFOs) in 16 years and has yet to discover evidence that they represent a threat to U.S. security.

"Probes of such sightings back to 1947 have failed to turn up any evidence that 'UFOs' are 'alien interplanetary space vehicles under some form of intelligent control'."

"This report was given as the Air Force looked into a new epidemic of strange sightings over New Mexico.

"One of the Air Force's leading civilian consultants on UFOs has gone to Socorro, New Mexico, to investigate the latest reports.

"He is Dr. J. Allen Hynek, director of the Dearborn Observatory at North-Western University.

"The latest report on Project Bluebook, the continuously ordered air force study of UFOs, shows that in a 16-year study, 7.7 per cent of the 8,128 reported cases have remained unidentified.

"George Metropolis, of Albuquerque, New Mexico, was emphatic about being and hearing an unidentified flying object last week-end and he was not alone.

"The week-end reports also included: Policeman Lonnie Zamora of Socorro, heard a egg-shaped flying object near Socorro. It hovered at 20 ft., then flew away.

"Orlando Galleges, 35, of Santa Fe, saw a similar craft north of La Madera. Two motorists said such an object swooped down towards their car in the Espanola area.

"State police and military officials are checking.

"The reports were similar in that they described oval or egg-shaped objects.

"State police and military have confirmed finding scorched earth at the sites, and wedge-shaped depressions that appear to have been left by some type of landing gear.

"Said one eye-witness, 'I wasn't just seeing things because I stopped the car. This thing was glowing like it was luminous'."

Those who have studied the subject of UFOs should be able to make sense of the matter because they are able to start with the correct premise, namely that the saucers do exist. What the report is saying then becomes quite clear. In fact, the first admission made by American officialdom that there are such things as flying saucers, Mirages, hoaxes, etc., cannot in themselves constitute a threat and there would be no need to word the report in this way: all that need have been said is that the UFOs do not exist.

The average has risen

The first question that must be put is why it was thought necessary to return to a subject that might have been thought to have been killed by the earlier report issued as recently as 1962 when the percentage of "unidentifieds" had been whittled down to 2.05. The average over the years, it now seems, is over three times that figure and stands at 7.7. As the U.S. Air Force admitted to a total of more than 8,000 in 16 years, they are now saying that they have more than 600 inexplicables on their hands. Knowing the methods of the Air Force on both sides of the Atlantic this is a remarkably high figure, for the 600 sightings must have been truly sensational to have withstood the weather balloon, Venus, natural phenomena, etc., treatment.

The sighting details that follow probably explain why it was necessary to issue the report at all. It would appear that certain areas of the United States have been subjected to such a wave of sightings that it was impossible to keep silent any longer. Furthermore, landings with attendant residual evidence proved too difficult to explain away. Immediately the decision to inform the public was made an insurance was against public panic was written in. Americans were to be consoled with the thought that the UFOs threatened nobody: it may indeed have crossed the mind of authority that if it

(18)


- page 44 -

Here is the text from the document:

was admitted that they were real, the public might
accuse Russia. In that case it was necessary to drop
the hint that they could be inter-planetary, though
the report hastened to add that the Air Force had
gathered no evidence that they were. Any sceptic
could read exactly what he wanted to read into
this remarkable statement, but if he had any
reasoning power at all he must have realized that
the United States Air Force had admitted that the
UFOs, whatever they were, were real. Indeed, the
statement as reported in the Evening Standard might
easily, but for one or two qualifications, represent
the views of the FLYING SAUCER REVIEW. The inter-
planetary nature of the saucers is a hypothesis but it
is one that has stood the test of time better than any
other. While the REVIEW has evidence that they
are interplanetary it has no absolute proof.

The occurrence which led to the sensational
U.S. Air Force admission was reported in a number
of American newspapers and the following account
is taken from the local Las Cruces Sun-News for
April 26:

"A report by a Socorro policeman that he saw an
egg-shaped flying object land near here has the
FBI and military authorities interested.

"Officer Lonnie Zamora said he not only saw the
object but also saw two occupants who alighted
after it landed about one mile southwest of Socorro
in a draw Friday.

"State Police Sgt. Sam Chavez said he received a
call from the Pentagon and the caller indicated the
site would be inspected by someone from Washing-
ton.

"As Officer Zamora tells his experience: While
in his patrol car about 5.50 p.m. he heard what he
thought was an explosion in the area where a
dynamite shack is located. He drove to within 150
yards of the draw where he spotted what appeared
to be an overturned car. Moving closer he saw two
figures in white moving about outside the vehicle.

"One looked directly at him. As Zamora moved
closer he lost sight of the object behind a hill.

"He continued driving to the draw and parked.
He walked to within 200 feet of the object and
again heard a roar. Taking cover behind his car
Zamora saw the object, a brilliant white metal, rise
and hover about 20 feet off the ground. It then
flew off the east, rising gradually.

"I was scared," said Zamora, when he heard the
deep roar. "I thought it was going to blow up."
Zamora said he called Sgt. Chavez on his car
radio. Chavez joined him and both approached the
site of the apparent landing. They found scorched
ground and burned weeds.

"Chavez said the impressions were irregularly
spaced with the distance between them varying
from about nine feet to 15 feet. He estimated the
length of the object at about 15 feet from the
position of what apparently were landing gear legs.

"Zamora said men who identified themselves as
from Army Intelligence at White Sands Missile
Range took samples of the soil.

"Something definitely landed there," Chavez
said.

"Zamora was described as a man not given to
imagining things.

"Beside the landing gear marks, Zamora said he
found what appeared to be two round prints like
heel marks. Another man who visited the site described the marks as looking like mountain lion pad
marks.

"An FBI agent visited the spot Saturday."

The Las Cruces Sun-News on April 27 returned to
the subject in its next issue and we append the
following report from its issue of that date:

"The unidentified flying object report from
Socorro Friday has been followed by two more
reported unidentified sightings.

"Socorro policeman Bill Pyland said a girl, who
didn't give her name, reported a fire in the hilly
area one mile southwest of Socorro Sunday night.

"Officer Lonnie Zamora, while patrolling in his
car late Friday afternoon, said he saw an egg-
shaped object in a draw. When he approached, he
said, the object—flew away.

"Pyland said the girl, about 18, said she was
from 300 to 500 feet from the fire and she thought
there was something in the flames.

"Pyland said men searched the area described by
the girl but found nothing. He said officers would
visit the area in daylight, noting it would be
difficult to find any exact spot night in the brushy
desert, terrain surrounding Socorro.

"Representatives of the military and other offi-
cers who visited the spot where Zamora saw the
object had found burned brush and scorched earth.
They also found four impressions in the earth,
which appeared to have been left by landing gear."

"A motorist who identified himself to Pyland as
George Mitropolis of Albuquerque, said that while
driving north from El Paso on Sunday he saw a
'silver looking object go up, over a mountain, and
down' out of sight near Caballo Reservoir. He said
he was near the junction of U.S. 85 and New
Mexico 180 and the object appeared to be about a
quarter of a mile to the east. He said it looked like
'an upside-down bathtub' about 30 feet in diameter. It had no lights he said." (Credit to Mrs.
Geraldine Tillett, Mr. Edward J. Kerr, Mr. A. J.
Van Cleave and many others.)

19


- page 45 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a dense, tangled mass of thin lines or branches, creating an intricate and chaotic pattern. The image looks like a close-up of tree branches, twigs, or similar vegetation, with high contrast between light and dark areas.


- page 46 -

Here is the text from the document:

NEW MEXICAN PATROLMAN REPORTS MYSTERIOUS EGG-SHAPED OBJECT

Socorro, New Mexico, April 24 - Your editors were busily engaged in covering the WBSN-AM call from Avid Listeners over at New Bedford, Massachusetts, then Patrolman Lonnie Zamora, a member of the largest saucer flip UFO investigators have confronted since 1957.

Patrolman Zamora was driving along Park Street when he was concerned about a speck of a possible explosion which he first presumed to be originating at a nearby building in which explosives are stored, ignoring the speeding vehicle, he drove to the building from which the route to the building was approximately a mass overlooking a gulley. He had his first glance at the source of the strange noise that attracted his attention. His first impression was that he saw a vehicle on overturning. There is considerable discrepancy as to what precisely occurred. According to Zamora, he had seen two persons dressed in white covers all with short backs of the vehicle before him. He described their appearance as small and "childlike" in the manner of the "little men" cases that have, for years, perplexed serious UFO students. At this point, one of the creatures turned his head and looked straight at Zamora; however, the officer evidently could not distinguish characteristics.

Another report denies the presence of figures near the craft, but asserts that some artifacts, resembling a pair of coveralls, were actually seen. Zamora has yet to confirm or deny his report. Zamora soon left and began to approach the object. At this point, no man or mysterious apparel were visible. The

[The image shows a simple line drawing of a person, labeled "PATROLMAN LONNIE ZAMORA"]


- page 47 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Object was egg-shaped, approximately 30 feet in diameter, with two protuberances beneath immediately visible to the startled observer; apparently a form of landing gear. It later developed that the object had, in truth, four of these girder-like legs.

Unexpectedly, Zamora heard a tremendous roar or blast similar to the noise that first drew his attention to the mysterious craft he had been laboring to investigate. UFO was spreading dust about its circumference, and was surrounded by flames. Zamora bellowed the object about to explode, and dropped to the process, and covered his glasses in his arm protection.

No explosion occurred, and Zamora thereafter raised his head slightly. The UFO commenced to rise-upward for an estimated 20 feet, bringing it to about the level of the officer's patrol car now parked atop the mesa. He noted some mysterious forms of red lettering indistinctly etched on the side of the craft, which he began to sketch.

The object maintained its altitude until passing beyond the munitions building, travelling due west for about 2 miles. It then gained altitude with great velocity, and soon became a mere speck in the sky, finally disappearing from view.

Zamora described a sharp whining sound following the roar that preceded the object's take-off. As the craft rose, the noise diminished. No jet-trail was discerned.

Immediately after the object had zoomed away, he radioed the sheriff of Polacca, State Police Sgt. Sam Chavez, State Policeman Ted Jordan, and Undersheriff Hanes Luckie, arrived soon thereafter in response.

Chavez and Luckie reported burned clumps of green grass and greasewood bushes where the object had lain, which were still smoldering upon their arrival. They appeared to have been seared simultaneously by an immensely hot flame.

The officers had circled with stone the four locations where the craft's landing gear had touched the earth. On a subsequent inspection of the scene, they ascertained the holes to be shallow, about a foot long by six inches wide. They did not appear to have been made by an object striking the ground with great force, but, rather, had the characteristics of an object of considerable bulk having settled to the earth at a slow speed, remaining stationary upon touching the ground.

The two legs of the UFO immediately visible to Zamora were estimated at 2 feet in length. There was a separation of about 12 feet from one hole to the next upon one side, and fifteen feet between the two on the other side. Two circular depressions of four or five inches in diameter were also reported. They were not indicative of any known type of footprints.

In trying to glean an accurate account of the strong figures or lettering on the Zamora reported engraved upon the side of the UFO, several contradictory reports have emerged. One account described them as reddish in color, and, apparently quoting Zamora, "made no sense." Another unconfirmed report asserted that the markings were in the form of an inverted "V" with three cross bars. The Air Force described them as being about 1 to 1½ feet in height, shaped like a crescent with a vertical arrow and a horizontal line beneath.

The Air Force's only published report concerning the Zamora sighting definitely stated weather conditions as satisfactory, with no meteorological activity or thunderstorms having been reported. The sky was windy but clear. Also included in their summary was the statement that the Air Force had secured samples of the scorched earth for analysis. In trying of excessive radiation level and the presence of any foreign materials, the report was negative.

Dr. J. Allen Hynek, chairman of the Department of Astronomy of Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, and special consultant to Air Force Project Blue Book and Sergeant David Moody, an investigator for the project, arrived five days following the sighting. Hynek conversed with Zamora and others at length, and when inspecting the site, reported it to have been so trampled by the idly curious as to be of little scientific value.

Hynek stated that the object was not reported on radar, so far as he was then able to determine. Major William Conner of Kirtland Air Force Base, Albuquerque, confirmed this statement. The Air Force, The UFO REPORTER

[Note: The last line is partially cut off, and there's a handwritten note at the bottom that appears to read "SUMMER ISS"]


- page 48 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

moreover, has been unable to ascribe the sighting to conventional aircraft, nor could it have been any top-secret experimental device. It, in investigations, noted that a low-flying object could easily have eluded radar detection.

In commenting upon the sighting, Hynek said: "...this is one of the clearest, no, that's not the right word, just say it is one of the soundest, best substantiated reports as far as it goes."

"Usually one finds many contradictions or omissions in these reports; but, Mr. Zamora's story is simply told, certainly told without any intention to perpetrate a hoax. This story, of course, was told by a man who obviously was frightened badly by what he did see. He certainly must have seen something."

Zamora's reliability as a witness was further supported by Dr. Lincoln LaPaz, of the University of New Mexico, who has attained an international reputation in tracing down reports on fireballs or meteors. He stated "...I do want to say that I have had contacts with Mr. Zamora for 16 years in my work and he is a thoroughly dependable observer."

Apparently confirming the sighting was a report given by Joel Grinager, manager of Whiting Brother's Service Station, located on U.S. 85, north of Socorro, who stated that an unidentified tourist, travelling northwest on 85, allegedly observed a strange aircraft. It appeared to have flown in the direction of the gully, where it evidently soon landed. The tourist also claimed to have seen a police car traveling up the hill, possibly Zamora's. Unfortunately, the purchase business has yet to come forth, nor has he been located. No further corroboration of the report is available.

Further details will appear in The UFO REPORTER as they are received.


- page 49 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

TO:
FID (IDEW)
Attn: Capt Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

REMARKS:
Attached is an extract from the October 64 issue of FATE magazine. Hope this won't confuse you too much.

Date: 2 Oct 64
Phone: 3-5613

DD FORM 95
1 OCT 60 95 Replaces DD Form 94, 1 Feb 50 and DD Form 96, 1 Feb 50 which will be used until exhausted.


- page 50 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO Lands at
AIR FORCE BASE

The jet pilot reported a UFO "on the ground." Command crews wrote told to armed by—then security clamped down.

By Carol Levenson

THE LOUDSPEAKER at Main Control at the Holloman Air Force Base-White Sands Proving Ground Integrated Test Range suddenly blared these electrifying words: "I've got a UFO."

It was Thursday, April 30, 1964. A lone B-57 was flying a routine mission in the vicinity of Station Site, a few miles east of San Antonio, N. Mex., on the north range. The pilot had called Main Control and said: "I'm not alone up here." Control called for an explanation and the pilot replied: "I've got a UFO."

The controller then asked: "What does it look like?" The B-57 pilot replied: "It's egg-shaped and white." "Any markings?" asked control. "Same as Socorro," the pilot said and then added, "I'm going to make another pass."

Minute later, after the big jet had made its turn and come in over the area where the UFO was first seen, the pilot contacted Main Control again and reported: "It's on the ground." Then radio communications ceased. Photo crews were asked to stand by.

MAIN CONTROL is a huge building topped with automatic and manual tracking devices and radar antennae, completely removed from the main base at Holloman. Inside, the Mission Controller as well as a host of other per-

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Carol Levenson is one of the foremost investigators and writers on UFOs in the country. In 1952 she became the International Director of the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (APRO). She is the author of "The APRO Bulletin." She is the editor of a book published in 1962, "The Great Flying Saucer News" (APRO, 4145 E. Ocean View, Tucson, Ariz.).

45


- page 51 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

46                                                   FATE                                           UFO LANDS AT AIR FORCE BASE                                           47

sonel keep in constant contact   who had come upon a UFO on the   range at night. Hysterical with sur-
with instrumentation installations   prise and fright he expelled his side
throughout the whole range and   arm at the object, then fled, with
co-ordinate the efforts of planes,   the UFO seemingly in hot pursuit.
missiles, radars, and theodolites in   When he finally reached Base
order to keep track of the progress   Headquarters, our informant said,
of the various experimental tests   he had "flipped his lid" and re-
being carried out at Holloman and   quired sedation and hospitalia-
White Sands.                       tion.

Shortly after I received my first   I immediately made queries con-
tip on the above information I   cerning the landing and any other
called Terry Clarke of KALG   incidents related to the Holloman
Radio in Alamogordo, nine miles   Range landing. We learned of two
east of Holloman AFB. I asked him   other UFO incidents on the Range
what he knew about the UFO   during the month of May. There
landing on the Holloman Range   is no doubt in my mind concern-
in April. He said his information   ing the accuracy and reliability of
source had monitored the range   the information we gathered. Sep-
radio communications that day and   arate informants who have been
his information was almost exact-   reliable in the past gave us the
ly what I have stated. He also   information we needed to verify the
said he'd heard of another sighting   initial facts. I do not hesitate to
was there was a rumor that a UFO   relate it here for, at the time, there
was in a hangar at Holloman, un-   was no indication of classifica-
der heavy guard.                   tion and the incidents were discussed

I contacted Arlyn Bruer of the   quite freely both in White Sands
Alamogordo Daily News to find   and Holloman.
out sketchy knowledge of the   The singular fact about the land-
sighting but had heard the rumor   ing, which took place on the
about the purported hangared   Range extension between Socorro
UFO.                               and Albuquerque, was that a digital

Next I went through the files   track recording was obtained dur-
dealing with the New Mexico   ing the presence of the object. A
sightings of April and May. One   digital track recording is a tape
contact informed me that unidenti-   recording automatically generated
fied lights had been sighted on the   simultaneously with the tracking
Range during April, prior to the   operation which contains the de-
historic Zamora incident; another   scription, azimuth and range of the

Do You Recognize This Symbol?

[A hand-drawn symbol of an upward-pointing arrow with a horizontal line underneath is shown]

HAVE YOU ever seen this sym-   bol. As far as we know, none did.
Does it strike a responsive   Now that the Air Force has no
chord anywhere in your mind?   reason for not releasing the drawing
It is an artist's drawing based on   it is pleased to reproduce
a sketch by Socorro, N.M., Police   it for you. The official Air Force
Officer Lonnie Zamora after he al-   release on the Zamora sighting
legedly saw the symbol on the side   paraphrased Zamora's description
of the UFO he reported from Socor-   of the symbol as follows:
ro.                                (As the UFO was rising off)...

If you have not seen this symbol   "he noted a design on the object
reprinted before it is because Air   which he described as markings
Force officers asked that it not be   red about 1½ feet in height, shap-
published. They were not placing   ed like a crescent with a vertical
it under a military security classi-   arrow and horizontal line under-
fication but wanted to see if other   neath..."
UFO reports from the New Mexico   The drawing above is what he
area would describe a similar sym-   saw.


- page 52 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

PAGE 49

target during the time it is tracked "ponder" (a combination receiver
by radar. and transmitter) receives the coordinates of the ground station. This
On May 15, between 11:30 is called a "recognition signal."
A.M. and 12:15 P.M., Surveillance Either of two frequencies common-
Radar as well as FPS-16 radars at ly are used, with a different code
Stallion Site, tracked two objects on each frequency. It was one of
in the area north of Stallion Site. these codes that the two football-

The UFOs performed "perfect, sized objects were beaming al-
precise flight maneuvers", including ternately with a light on the
side-by-side flight, separating, then Range north of Stallion Site.
rejoining each other in formation
and up and down ("yoyo" maneu- Exactly seven days later, on May
vers. 22, an automatic track was obtain-

Visual confirmation was made by ed of an unidentified flying object
a trained radar operator who saw with an exceedingly low speed of
the two objects, described them as up to 200 feet per minute (a very
brown and football shaped. They slow 25 mph) which came within
were flying at low altitude and dis- 3700 yards of one of the Range
appeared beyond the side of the radar installations. The skies were
instrumentation clear and there was no indication

Probably the most disturbing in- that the objects tracked were any
formation relating to this sighting kind of atmospheric phenomena,
was that one or both of the objects and certainly they were not con-
were responding alternately with ventional aircraft.
the standard FAA recognition sig- After collating all the informa-
nal (sometimes called IFF). tion Mr. Lorenzen and I decided to

To avoid the necessity of having give a press release. We had a speci-
to depend entirely on radar "skin" fic purpose in mind—to get further
track", i.e., reflection of radar information on all sightings. Our
beam from the plane's surface, there release was given to the press wires
is in use in most military and com- on Saturday, May 24.
mercial aircraft a "transponder" On Sunday, May 25, Holloman
system. An "interrogate" signal is "answered" our release with an AP
transmitted periodically from the release, detailing Holloman. It said
tracking ground station. This signal that the Air Force confirmed that
consists of a series of pulses ar- "a radar unit" at Holloman twice
ranged in a particular time se- had tracked UFOs in the area of

quence or "code". When the "trans-

UFO LANDS AT AIR FORCE BASE

While Sands on the preceding Fri- object is a shop in Alamogordo.
day, and that the report was being It does seem that inasmuch as our
investigated, it suggested that contacts could find no further cor-
some natural phenomena such as roboration, as they did find for
a dust storm probably was respon- the incidents of April 30 and May
sible; the spokesman could find no 15 and 20, that the fellow was
basis for a report from an "aerial either making a bid for attention
phenomena research group" in Tuc- and/or was mistakenly excited by
son or that an egg-shaped object a closely guarded hanger.
was under guard in a Holloman But, frankly, I believe the ac-
hanger. count of the frightened guard who

We did learn something—there stumbled upon the UFO at night.
had been two separate sightings on And I do know that the civilian
Friday, May 22, instead of one. population in the vicinity of the

Unless there was another landing Holloman-White Sands Proving
the "captured" UFO would be the Ground are apprehensive
one involved in the April 30 land- about the continuing sightings.
ing, which would mean a motorized I also have information indicat-
ground patrol most have come ing that the military at Holloman
upon the UFO while its occupants and White Sands, one of the most
were some distance from it and thoroughly instrumented test bases
prevented their re-entering the in the United States, are concern-
craft. I do not know of any UFO ed about unconventional aircraft
landing incident in which the oc- which not only land under their
cupants ever got very far away noses but which know so much
from their craft, and the Zacaton about aerial procedures and traffic
landing demonstrates their amazing that they can simulate coded FAA
speed and ability to escape close recognition signals.
observation. Also, the size and These reports are of enormous
amount of noise of a B-57 make it importance if true. And there is
impossible to believe the occupants strong evidence that they are true.
of the April 30 UFO were unaware But Holloman-White Sands Area is
of its presence. It is difficult to put any credence in the rumor of now under a blanket of military
the "captured" object in a hangar security. It was impossible for us
at Holloman and remain objective. to go in and interview the prin-
All of my sources trace back to a cipals allegedly involved. What we
single airman who spoke of his have conducted here is a kind of

intelligence operation. But we trust our sources and we have evaluated


- page 53 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

5°                                   FATE                                   UFO LANDS AT AIR FORCE BASE                                   51

our information to the best of our     such contact would have or in-     coming down the next day, inter-     object, and that no photos were ob-
ability.                               man or how much we already sus-    sects the Holloman Range near       tained is clearly an attempt to dis-
                                       pect.                               Stallion Site, as well as Highway   credit the Zamora sighting on the
                                                                           380, north of the site, near San    basis of the lack of corroborating

SINCE THE August issue of             The press wire services and net-   Antonio, another line, from Round   witnesses. The Air Force immedi-
FATE was printed there were            work TV and radio have been, for   Mountain through Albuquerque,       ately was put into an embarrassing
three UFO landings in the state of     the most part, silent about UFOs   Rock Springs, Wyo., and Canyon      position when Dr. Lincoln La Paz, 
Arizona in one night—all near          ain't no such thing' party-line of  Ferry, Mont., also intersects the   a noted meteorologist who knows
highways or roads. Colorado,           officialdom since 1957. Perhaps    North Range. The third possibility  Zamora personally, endorsed his
Wyoming and Montana have ex-           the UFO occupants have made a      is the line running from Las         integrity and reliability.
perienced similar visitations.         number of landings to places where  Cruces through Esperonzi, La Me-    It was during my investigation
                                       they would be certain to be ob-    dra, Alamosa, Colo., to Cheyenne,   of the New Mexico flap that I
The thread of continuity which         served, then retired to a safe place  Wyo., all of which are locations   learned of the existence of an agency
major features:                        to monitor local TV and radio in   of sighted UFOs. However, we can-   called the "UFO Board," comprised
                                       order to learn the effects of their  not assume the Holloman landing    of military and civilian scientists,
The objects which landed or            visits on the natives.             falls on one of the lines, but can  to whom the reports go for evalu-
hovered fell on straight lines on                                         only reiterate that three of the pre-  ation and study.
the map.                               A similar operation took place     viously established orthodoric lines    AF Regulation 200-2, much quot-
                                       over a geographically similar area,  do intersect the north Holloman     ed among UFO enthusiasts, in-
    They landed in areas where         with comparatively sparse popula-   Range extension.                    structs local UFO officers on how
eventually they would be seen, but     tion, in northeast Brazil on May                                        to investigate a UFO sighting, and
where they would be inaccessible       13, 1960, just a few months before  The interesting thing about these   serves as a guide for public in-
and, therefore, safe.                  Mars and Earth made a close pass   four military sightings (and there  formation officers concerning what
                                       in space.                          may be more, of course) is that    can or cannot be said about a
Of all sightings gathered by                                              the UFOs were seen on a military   given incident. If an object can be
APRO since April 22 there have         Mars and Earth will be close      base during the time (from April    explained a public statement can
been only three or four "orphans"      again in March, 1965.             30 onward) that military repre-     be made; if it is unexplainable in
not located on previously establish-                                      sentatives were busily labeling various  conventional terms no public state-
ed straight lines.                                                       civilian sightings of similar objects  ment will be forthcoming.

REPORTS CURRENTLY are               BECAUSE OF the establishment         as misinterpretations of conven-      The Navy and the Army, how-
coming into APRO's office            of a straight-line pattern in        tional objects or hoaxes. I believe  ever, have no official, public
from around the United States as      the Southwest in April and early    this series of sightings, demon-     regulations about UFOs but do
well as the Fiji Islands and Aus-     May (see August FATE) I decided     strates that the Air Force program  have classified regulations govern-
tralia. It looks like they are just   to see whether the estimated loca-  is merely an attempt to explain    ing UFO investigations and these
"openers" for what may be ahead.      tion of the April 30 landing at Hol-  away the UFOs, and the really ser-  services do not make public state-
                                      man fell on one of the lines. A     ious work of evaluation, correla-   ments about any UFO incidents.
The Spring 1964 flap impresses        straight line drawn from Socorro,   tion, etc., is being done elsewhere.  One of the people at the Wright
me as an intelligence operation car-  where the Zamora sighting took      The Air Force's official statement   Air Development Center UFO Pro-
ried out by the occupants of the      place, to Round Mountain near       that it was "unfortunate that only   ject recently told an APRO mem-


- page 54 -

Here is the text from the page:

54                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


- page 55 -

SOURCE: ALBUQUERQUE JOURNAL
DATE: 28 APR 64                                SOCORRO NEW MEXICO
                                                24 APR 64

                    'Flying Saucer'
                    Reports Spread
                    In New Mexico

SANTA FE (UPI) -- New Mexico's perennial addiction to flying saucers has taken hold of the state again with more "objects" reported to police over the weekend.

The latest, which brought out the Air Force and the FBI, was spotted early Sunday morning at La Madera, about 50 miles north of Santa Fe. State Police Captain Martin Vigil said, "there was definitely something there."

Orlando Gallegos of Santa Fe told State Police he got within 200 feet of a huge metallic object that looked like an egg-shaped Burano tank. He said flames spurted silently from numerous jet areas around the bottom of the object. It was as long as a telephone pole and about 14 feet in circumference, he told police.

Gallegos' report came on the heels of a similar report from a Socorro policeman, Lonnie Zamora, who said he spotted an object near Socorro Friday night. Zamora, in clearing up false reports Sunday, said the object rose about 20 feet off the ground and slowly flew away.

Similar reports came from a Socorro teenager, an Albuquerque motorist, and two men driving in the La Madera area Saturday night. The Albuquerque motorist, George Mitropolis, said he saw a "silver looking" object. It disappeared over a mountain in the Caballo Reservoir area.

In both the Socorro and the La Madera reports, the ground was scorched where the objects were reported to have landed. Also found were "paw prints," like a mountain lion's, as well as "landing gear marks" -- four impressions in the dirt.

Until the recent spottings, the last unidentified flying object was spotted in New Mexico near Gallup late last year by several motorists. A campus policeman at the University of New Mexico also spotted the Gallup object flying in the western sky at the same time.


- page 56 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a dense, tangled mass of thin branches, twigs, or grass. The image is high contrast, with white lines and shapes intersecting against a dark background, creating a complex, almost abstract pattern of overlapping linear elements. The texture looks like a close-up of vegetation, possibly bushes, shrubs, or tall grass in a thicket or wilderness setting.


- page 57 -

Here is the text from the document:

SOURCE: ALBUQUERQUE JOURNAL
DATE: 25 APR 64

Girl Says She Was Burned
While Watching UFO Here

By JENNY SMOTHERS
Socorro, N.M. - An unidentified flying object continued at a high pitch here today.

Latest incidents include:
- A report from a 10-year-old girl that she was burned while watching a strange egg-shaped thing in the sky yesterday afternoon.

- A report from a truck driver and his wife that they saw two mysterious objects in the sky between here and Socorro.

The rash of incidents started Friday when a policeman saw a UFO take off south of Socorro. UFO experts from different parts of the country are in New Mexico to investigate.

Suffering eye, nose and face burns yesterday afternoon was Sharon Stull, one of the children of Mr. and Mrs. Max L. Stull of 1409 Wilmore.

On Lowell School Ground a. She said she gazed at a UFO for five or 10 minutes.

Her mother said that on the Lowell School ground she had her lunch at home.

After 1 p.m., while in class, she noticed burning sensations, and her mother believes she was watching something in the sky.

Sharon was not facing the sun while watching, her mother said, and slightly smaller than an airplane and having windows, speed across the sky and disappear in the distance.

Her mother said the girl was extremely nervous and couldn't have gotten her to tell the story in a few minutes as she did.

Sharon, Robin, 8, says the thing, whatever it was, continued to watch her, and she continued to watch it. She was also glanced at it briefly.

Sharon was treated by a local physician. She was kept in bed at home yesterday with her blinked and inflamed eyes.

Complaints of pains in her face, eyes, and nose were noted.

Sharon was interviewed her at the hospital today.

Sharon Stull in Bed Today

Sharon's doctor said his diagnosis is conjunctivitis (membrana inflammationis) of both eyes and first - degree sunburn under the eyes and on the nose, adding: "The sun exposure she had yesterday would usually be longer and sufficient to cause the burns and inflammation."

He said to be the type of burns and inflammation she described would take permanent eye damage so no permanent eye damage was anticipated.

Mrs. Stull was extremely concerned and frightened over the incident today. She also kept Robin home from school today.

One official said it would be possible in some areas to track a UFO so severe it goes, if they received a report from a responsible agency immediately after a sighting. Radar sightings have to be a direct line and can be blocked by mountain, making low - altitude radar tracking difficult sometimes, he advised.

The Weather Bureau, FAA and Kirkland AF Base said there were no balloons or other strange appearing objects in the sky here, to their knowledge, at the time Sharon saw what she did.

Green said he saw them possibly two minutes before they disappeared over the eastern horizon.

Federal Aviation Agency officials said they have seen nothing unusual in the sky or on their radar screens. Airplanes appear only as small dots on these screens and it is unlikely a UFO could be distinguished from an airplane on radar.


- page 58 -

Headquarters
Air Force Special Weapons Center
Air Force Systems Command
United States Air Force
Kirtland Air Force Base, New Mexico

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: S5/Adj Conroy/3061                                                   13 May 1964

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO:    TTID (TDEW)
        Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio
        Attn: Capt Quintanilla

1. Attached are the 3 reports of UFO's that received such great publicity.

2. I tend to discount the La Madera incident as a UFO for the reasons stated in my message and the attached brief.

3. The report of Mr. [redacted] I discount for similar reasons.

4. I finally received the statement, drawings and pictures of the Socorro incident and hope this will close this case.

5. I am attaching a copy of a letter sent to Captain Holden of Stallon Site, from the Flying Saucer Research Organization.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of William R. Conner]
WILLIAM R. CONNER
Major, USAF
Director, Safety & Security Office

1 Atchs
1. Resume w/2 atchs
2. Resume w/1 atch
3. Resume w/10 atchs
4. Ltr to Capt Holder


- page 59 -

SOCORRO REVISITED

On Saturday August 15, I drove with [redacted] whose car I had rented for the day, to Socorro from Las Cruces, New Mexico. We left Las Cruces shortly before 7:30 in the morning, and arrived in Socorro about 10:30am.

The object of this visit was to obtain an overview of the feel-ings and opinions in Socorro about the [redacted] sighting of April 24th, after several months had passed, and to find out if the principals had any afterthoughts or changes which they wished to make in their story, how they were now regarded by the townfolk, and what if any was the official opinion.

The net results of the visit which involved talking once again with [redacted], Sargent Chaves, Captain Holder, the editor or the local paper, and seven other townspeople, was much the same as before. [redacted], if anything, is more reticent and withdrawn. The more articulate Sgt. Chaves still firmly believes in [redacted] story, and I found no contra-dictions between his partial retelling of the story and the original telling of his story in late April. Although I made a distinct attempt to find a chink in [redacted] armor, I simply couldn't find anyone, with the possible exception of a [redacted] who has a house fairly near the site of the original sighting, who did anything but completely uphold [redacted] character and reliability, and I again talked with people who had known him since childhood.

I revisited the site; the markings are still there, but very much obliterated, and this time I was able to take stereo photographs of the general terrain. I was impressed more than before with the illogical nature of the landing site. If an ordinary aircraft had been in trouble


- page 60 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

first [illegible] and I visited the office of the local newspaper, the [illegible]. Both the owner, [illegible] and the editor, [illegible] (the chap who had interviewed me on my previous visit) were there, and we looked up the back numbers of papers around that time, and especially what was said after I had left. The editor remarked that there had been several UFO officials who had come to visit them, and that one had remarked, "What sort of line of bull has Hynek and the Air Force been handing you?" He also stated that they had received many letters, one from as far away as Spain. Naturally, he wanted a statement from me for his local paper, and I gave my standard statement mentioned above.

The editor made one statement to the effect that they could still give full credence to [illegible] story, despite the fact that there had been some opinion in town that it shouldn't be taken seriously. But, both the owner and editor said that they would continue to believe the story unless it were proved otherwise. Of course, it is to their advantage to give full credence to the story, since it sells more papers.

After a full hour of chatting with the editors, during which time we also gave them a story on our new observatory in New Mexico (my story was that I was passing through, going from Boulder to Las Cruces, and that since I was passing through, I stopped to say hello and to see if there had been any recent developments). At lunchtime I lined up a number of interviews by phone for the afternoon. The results will follow;

We first talked to [illegible] who is the grandmother of [illegible], the latter of whom was a student in my astronomy class this spring. He chose as his term paper topic "The Socorro Flying Saucer," and it was his grandmother, [illegible], who browsed around the town and picked up a lot of additional information. She had a long talk with


- page 62 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

and told us again yesterday afternoon that
firmly believed that had been very thoroughly fright-
ened and that he had seen something supernatural. Visiting at the
home (the family is apparently one of the
recognized and older families in town, and they live in quite a
hacienda), a local parish priest was also visiting at the time, and
from him in the course of conversation, we got perhaps one of the best
bits of character reference on. The Father stated that in all
his experience, he had not come across one person who cast any aspersion on
which, he remarked, was very unusual for Socorro. herself
is obviously a very level-headed, established woman in the society of
Socorro, and when she went about investigating the case, it
appeared that she had immediate access to anyone she wished. Various
members of the faculty of the New Mexico School of Mines, for instance,
came to her immediate assistance in answering various questions, as did
Sgt. Chaves and various townspeople. One thing that she mentioned which
bears on the character reference of should be noted; the baggage
master at the station, a man in his sixties who apparently acts as a
depository of character references for all people in town, stated that he
had known for all of life and that he was one of the
most dependable people whom he'd ever known. In short, if I had any
hopes of finding some chinks in character armor, I was certainly
unable to do so.

After we left the, we then went to talk to Chaves who
was then on duty, and I talked to him privately for five or ten minutes
after which time, by prearrangement, came in. Chaves was just
about the same as he was originally, still quite articulate about the thing,


- page 63 -

Here is the text from the document:

and when we stated that one of the main points that continued to impress
us about the whole situation was the consummate fright that [redacted] had
experienced (which everybody continued to tell us about), Chaves admitted
that [redacted] had been frightened, but indicated that perhaps part of that
was prudence on [redacted] part - after all, if you think that something is
going to explode, it is only expedient to make yourself scarce.

After a lengthy conversation which really added very little new to
the original story, he radioed for [redacted] to come in from his rounds and,
in a few minutes, [redacted] was with us. He seemed much more reticent than
previously and never actually completed a full sentence. I think that
there are at least two possible interpretations here, one being that, deep
in his own mind, he may have realized that he overstated the case originally,
or perhaps has even solved it, but, in view of the ingrained fear of possible
ridicule, etc., he is keeping it to himself, or, I feel more probably, he
is simply tired of the whole thing and rather wishes that it had never come
up in the first place. At least nothing that he said would indicate that
he does not continue to believe that something really unusual happened.

By this time the sun was over the yardarm, and we retired to a nearby
bar, where we found the editor of the [redacted]. We had a long
discussion with [redacted] there who stated again his basic faith in the
story and in [redacted] character, although he did say that, for a while
there, [redacted] did seem to be enjoying some of the publicity. This, however,
is contrary to most of the other evidence about [redacted] reaction to the
publicity.

[redacted] offered to go with us to see Mr. [redacted], the
operator of the [redacted] Gas Station, and we heard the story of the itinerant


- page 64 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

car would look from that direction, [redacted] was particularly impressed
with the fact that the marks remained even after three and a half months
of weathering, and it was he who wondered whether compaction tests had
been made of the soil.

We then returned to have coffee with Captain Holder, the uprange
commanding officer for White Sands to see whether he had anything to add
after this many months had passed. Captain Holder is still quite enthusi-
astic and really fairly enamoured of the idea of strange crafts. It was
Captain Holder, you will remember, who, with Mr. Burns of the FBI, made
the original measures between the markings, and we call recall that
although the figure was drawn poorly, when it was redrawn according to
dimensions given, it was found that the diagonals of the quadrilateral
intersected at exact right angles. [redacted] pointed out that there
is a well known theorem which states that if the diagonals of any quadri-
lateral intersect at right angles, then the points lie on a circle, the
center of which is called the mean center of the figure. [redacted] also
pointed out that one of the burned marks was directly at this mean center.

Captain Holder was particularly interested in what the Air Force
had found out from the samples which he had carefully gathered within two
hours of the sighting, and which I submitted to MTD. I hope that this
material has not been destroyed after preliminary analysis.

We next visited [redacted] is a flier
who has flown in 41 states, and is also an instructor in flying. She
comes into the picture only because, in the course of discussions with
her, she turned up a UFO story of June 2, 1950 which was duly reported
to the Air Force and should be in our files. I append as Exhibit A her
rather interesting and extensive write-up in the [redacted] Both


- page 66 -

Here is the text from the document:

ever, I feel must have been an optical phenomenon in view of the projectory
and acceleration.

Before we left, we called the retiring president of
the School of Mines, who had nothing further to offer. Before
our visit with Captain Holder, on coming back from the site, we visited
a who lives fairly close to the site of the alleged landing.
had been in his back yard just over the hill from the sighting
place, and maintains that he heard no loud roar and has remained skeptical
about the whole thing. He claimed that if there had been an explosion
such as claims to have heard, he certainly would have
heard it. However, this does not necessarily follow, because
was directly down wind from the gully, there was a very strong southwest
wind blowing, and the gully is on the opposite side of the hill from where
was listening. This, of course, can make a tremendous difference
in ability to hear. Further, there are trucks passing along the highway
quite close to house, and he undoubtedly is used to hearing
backfires, and truck roars of one sort or another. He was the only person
whom we talked to, however, who tended to disbelieve veracity,
indicating that it probably was a hoax. This solution is not acceptable to
the present writer, because there are just too many bits of evidence that
militate against this hypothesis.

and I arrived back in Las Cruces at 12:30am on Sunday
morning, August 16th.


- page 67 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing several white buildings or houses situated on a hillside with trees in the background. Utility poles are visible, and there are some indistinct shapes in the foreground that might be windows or other structures. The image quality is somewhat grainy and low contrast.


- page 68 -

SOCORRO, NEW MEXICO
24 APRIL 1964

[Redacted name] was chasing a speeding car north on U.S. 85 at approximately 1745, 24 April 1964, when he heard a roar and saw bluish and orange flames in an area where a dynamite shack was known to be located. He abandoned chase of the auto and proceeded to where he believed an explosion had occurred. After traveling a little-used road and experiencing considerable difficulty in trying to drive his car up a gravel-covered hill, the observer noted what he thought was an overturned car standing on end. At this point he was approximately 800 ft. from the object and [redacted] car was at the crest of a hill with the object ahead of him in a gully. He saw two people in white coveralls very close to the object. One of these persons seemed to turn and look straight at [redacted] car. This was the only time he saw these figures; he did not see them again.

After raiding to Police Headquarters at Socorro that he was proceeding to investigate what he believed to be an auto accident, he drove to a point about 150 ft. from the gully where the object rested and stopped the car to proceed on foot. The object was white, egg or oval-shaped and apparently supported on girderlike legs. All of a sudden there was a roar which continued to become louder and the object then began to rise. As the object was slowly climbing the observer again noted the bluish and orange flame. At this point, the observer believed that the object was about to explode and he became frightened, turned, and ran to shield himself behind the police car, bumping his leg and losing his glasses on the way. He said that he crouched down, shielding his eyes with his arm. As the observe glanced up he reported that the object had risen 15 - 20 feet above the ground and there was no longer any noise, smoke nor flames. At this point, the observer spotted a design on the object which he described as markings


- page 69 -

in red about 7 - 2½ feet in height, shaped like a crescent with a verticle arrow and horizontal line underneath. He stated that the object remained stationary for several seconds and then flew off in a southerly direction following the contour of the gully. Object 12-15 feet long. Insignia was Red.

Shortly afterward, Sgt. Chavez arrived on the scene in response to earlier radio call. He observed no object, but he did report some slight depressions in the ground and an apparently burned brush in the area of sighting. Also, there were some type of tracks noted in the immediate area.

COMMENTS

Various organizations were contacted in the area; however, no specific aircraft or helicopters were in the area at the time of the sighting. There was nothing unusual or unidentified reported by local radar installations.

There was no unusual meteorological activity; the weather being clear; however, it was somewhat windy.

A laboratory analysis was made of the burned bush and the soil about the depressions with no indication of radiation being noted. No chemicals were found in the soil that would indicate a type of propellant for the observed object. Contact was made with a F.B.I. agent and it was his opinion that the tracks observed were, indeed, fresh.

There were several other sightings reported during the next few days; however, in each case the sighting was determine a known object or natural phenomena. Two of these reports were determined to be hoaxes.

Although the sighting appears to be the observation of some type of experimental craft; all attempts to reach such a conclusion were inconclusive. No concrete evidence was uncovered to substantiate the presence of such a craft at the particular time. As such, this case is carried as unidentified since from the available information there is no explanation.

2


- page 70 -

was visiting his father the night of 25 April at La Madera, New Mexico. He saw an object which resembled a butane tank emitting blue flames horizontally from one side. This lasted about one minute and went out. There was no movement or sound at anytime. This object was about 1000 to 1200 feet from the point of observation. The next day he went to the area where he had seen the object and there was a scorched area about 140 feet by 25 feet. This area, which was just off the side of a road, was littered with tin cans, bottles and other debris. It was quite obvious he had seen a fire as the area was still smouldering when I looked at it on Monday the 27th. I could see no marks that resembled the four imprints seen at Socorro. According to Officer Vega, of the New Mexico State Police, there were some markings or prints of an odd nature. These consisted of a circle about 3½ inches in diameter with two smaller circles in front of this which were about the size of a dollar. I saw some marks on the ground, in the general area, which were just about the size of a horse's hoof print and to me were just that. I smelled of alcohol when I picked him up at Santa Fe at 1230 and when I let him off at about 1800 that evening. I believe the previous publicity about the Socorro Incident and the liquor he apparently had consumed was too much for him. In checking with the radar site, they reported no unknowns for the night of 25 and 26 April.

Attached is a diagram of the area with some pictures taken of the burned area.


- page 71 -

This case includes
four (4) B&W 3x5 photos
Atch 7


- page 72 -

The only text I can clearly read on this page is "ater 1°" (or possibly "after 1°") in the bottom right corner of the page. The page appears to contain four black and white photographic images that look like aerial or landscape photographs, with a "N" and "Z" marking on each image. The rest of the text is illegible due to the poor image quality and contrast.


- page 73 -

Here is the text from the document:

GRAVELED ROAD

NO1
NO4
BURNED AREA NO3
NO2

DISTANCE FROM OBSERVER
1000 - 1200 FT

UNPREPARED ROAD

BRUSH
+ 
SMALL
TREES

GENERAL LAYOUT OF AREA AT LAMMORRA
N.M.
AFTER 13

BRIDGE

RIVER


- page 74 -

R E S U M E

Attached is a questionnaire filled in by [redacted]

When I talked to the State Police the following day, they indicated this man was drunk when they went out to check on the object he had seen and shot at. They said they couldn't arrest the man for shooting since he had done it on his own property. From this information, I discount his seeing an actual object. There were no unidentified's reported by West Mesa Radar Site on that night.


- page 75 -

UFO QUESTIONNAIRE

1. Description of the Object(s):
a. Shape: 25-30 FT OR LONG 15 FT WIDE
b. Size compared to a known object: (blank)
c. Color: FLUORESCENT GREEN
d. Number: (1)
e. Formation, if more than one: (blank)
f. Any discernible features or details: (blank)
g. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): (blank)
h. Sound; if heard, describe sound: (NONE)
i. Other pertinent or unusual features: (blank)

2. Description of Course of Object(s):
a. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?
DIST TRJCT THEN
MANEUVR


- page 76 -

Here is the text from the document:

b. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed.
    78 TO 100 FEET OFF GROUND

c. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappear-
    ance.
    78 TO 100 FEET OFF GROUND

d. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s)
    WENT PAST FOR 200 YARDS THEN TURNED NORTH

e. How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the
    North, etc.)
    SLOWLY TO THE NORTH

f. How long (were) the object(s) visible? (Be specific,
    5 minutes, 1 hour, etc.)
    3 TO 4 MINUTES

3. Manner of Observation:
    a. Use one or any combination of the following items:
    Ground-visual, air visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic.
    (If electronic, specify type of radar)
    GROUND VISUAL

    b. Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars,
    etc.) used and description thereof.
    NONE

2


- page 77 -

c. If the sighting occurred while air-borne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.

4. Time and Date of Sighting:
   a. Zulu time-date group of sighting: 27 APR 1967
   b. Light conditions (Use one of the following terms: Night, day, dawn, dusk): 1647T

5. Location of Observer(s): Give exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position:
   2 MILE EAST OF EGEWOOD MTNS (106° 11' 30"W, 35° 41' 40"N)

6. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
   a. Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability:
      CIVILIAN

   b. Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability:
      [blank]

7. Weather and Winds: Observer(s) account of weather conditions:
   FULL MOON

3 [page number]


- page 78 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing several white buildings with utility poles, situated in a forested area with trees visible in the background. The buildings look like residential or administrative structures, and the scene seems to be in a rural or remote location.


- page 79 -

This case includes:
eleven (11) B & W 8x10 photo
ncl. 3


- page 80 -

The text I can clearly read is:

"Over 4 mi
NW"

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a landscape with trees, shrubs, and grassy terrain. There are several circular areas highlighted or marked with black circles overlaid on the image. The bottom left corner contains the partially legible text mentioned above. The image quality is somewhat grainy and low contrast.


- page 81 -

The text at the top of the page appears to be "close up of" but is partially illegible due to the image quality. The rest of the page appears to be a black and white photograph with a grainy, high-contrast texture showing what seems to be a rocky or textured landscape with some lighter and darker areas, but the details are difficult to discern clearly due to the poor image quality.


- page 82 -

Text found in the image:

Close-up of Vehicle Apparent

The image appears to be a black and white photograph with high contrast, showing what seems to be a vehicle or object in tall grass or vegetation, with the text "Close-up of Vehicle Apparent" written at the bottom of the image.


- page 83 -

BURRO GUSH


- page 84 -

I apologize, but the text in this image is largely illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing what seems to be a landscape with trees, branches, and some power lines or wires, but the details are very difficult to make out clearly.


- page 85 -

The text on this page is illegible. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a landscape with various lines and textures, possibly trees, ground, or other terrain features, but the quality of the scan makes detailed text recognition impossible.


- page 86 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a rocky, uneven terrain with various sized stones and rocks scattered across the ground. There are some trees or tree branches visible on the right side of the image. The photograph seems to be taken from a slightly elevated angle, showing a ground surface with a mix of small and large rocks, some vegetation, and a textured, uneven landscape.

No legible text is visible in this image.


- page 87 -

I apologize, but I cannot find any legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a landscape with vegetation, possibly shrubs or small trees, scattered across a terrain. The image quality is quite grainy and low contrast, making it difficult to discern specific details.


- page 88 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a rocky, gravelly terrain with various sized stones and rocks scattered across the ground. There is a vertical line or marker in the middle of the image, and some rocks appear to have numbers or markings on them. The photograph seems to be documenting a specific area or site, possibly for geological or investigative purposes.


- page 89 -

The text I can see in the image is:

BURIED AREA

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing an area of dense vegetation or brush, with some branches and twigs visible. The words "BURIED AREA" are handwritten across the center of the image.


- page 90 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a rocky, wooded landscape. There are trees and vegetation in the background, with a foreground of rocky terrain. A number "2" is visible in the lower left portion of the image, and there are some angled lines or markers in the scene. The photograph seems to be documenting a specific location, possibly for investigative or research purposes.


- page 91 -

There is no legible text in this image. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a rocky, rugged landscape with trees and vegetation, showing a terrain with many stones and sparse vegetation.


- page 92 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a rocky, barren landscape with scattered small bushes or shrubs. The ground is covered with various sized rocks and stones, creating a rough, uneven terrain. The vegetation is sparse, with small clusters of bushes emerging from between the rocks. The image seems to depict a desolate, arid environment, possibly in a desert or rocky region.


- page 93 -

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
16 March 1965

Major Hector Quintanilla
Foreign Technology Division
Box 9494
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

Attached is a rough (extremely rough) draft of the report that Dr. Hynek will send you on his findings in Socorro. When he returns, we will go over this and send you a more readable copy. However, until that time, I hope that this will suffice.

My best wishes to you and Sgt. Moody.

Sincerely,
Kathy Foss

P. S. I sent Dr. Hynek a certificate for Interplanetary Blue Cross so I should hope that the Air Force does not find itself charged for one withered finger.


- page 94 -

Here is the text from the document:

DUSK ON THE DUNES
North of Socorro, New Mexico on U.S. Highway 60
This land of enchantment is also a land of strange UFO
activity. At this point toward Socorro, one crosses the
Oscura Range, a high grassland, travel along the river
bottom lands of the Rio Grande. Socorro is a center of
Socorro (meaning "help" or "aid") one of the old historic
towns in New Mexico.

Hi -
You about how much with the principals is the Socorro wound - all except the UFO. Glad dist. has been of traveling at high speed - on off 24!

Cheers,
Allen

[Postcard addressed to:]
Maj. A. Quintanille
FTD
Wright-Patterson AFB
Box 9494
Dayton, Ohio
1965

[Postcard has an 8¢ U.S. Air Mail stamp with the U.S. Capitol building]

Color Photography by John S. Ackerman


- page 95 -

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 6001
2 March 1965

Major Hector Quintanilla
Foreign Technology Division
Box 964
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

This is in answer to your letter of 18 February 1965, in which you suggest that I make a visit to Albuquerque for scientific discussions with Dr. LaPaz and to visit the observatory at Las Cruces, New Mexico. Although you did not mention it specifically, since Socorro, New Mexico is between these two locations, I think it would be profitable if I looked into things there, particularly the circumstances under which the films were made, the local public reaction to them, and in particular, Zamora's present situation.

Since I am not teaching classes this winter quarter, and will not until April 1, 1965, this is a propitious time to make the trip and I shall prepare to do so immediately. Would be kind enough to request the necessary authorizations from Mr. Sweeney. Since time is important, I will plan to leave this next week, even though formal approval has perhaps not come through by that time.

I can be reached in New Mexico either through at Albuquerque, or in care of Mr. Las Cruces, New Mexico. Upon my return, or sooner if I deem it necessary, I will submit a report to you in detail concerning my findings.

Sincerely yours,
J. Allen Hynek

JAH:krf


- page 96 -

February 4, 1965

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Allen:

This is a joint letter from Lyle Boyd and myself relative to the Socorro, New Mexico, UFO case. Major Quintanilla very kindly sent us the documents and we had a chance to study them independently, since I was out of town, before checking with one another. I think it is interesting that our independent thinking has come to essentially the same conclusion. As best we do have some tentative suggestions concerning the case, which appears to be the most baffling incident either of us have encountered so far.

Both of us approached this problem like that presented in a detective story. There are certain facts. We tried to accept the facts as nearly as possible at face value, and then to come up with a suggested solution.

We feel that the unearthly character of the incident in itself may have clouded the facts. Had the sighting been related to a bank robbery or a murder, I feel that some rather obvious clues might have been better followed up. Anyway, we shall make our suggestions, and hope that it's not too late for someone to check more carefully.

We first raise a question concerning the nature of the flame. The blue and orange colors suggest a chemical flame. When first seen, it was cone-shaped with nothing on top, and the bottom concealed by the hill. When next seen it was below the UFO, and was orange at the bottom. Light blue at the top. How are we to explain the change?


- page 97 -

Dr. J. Allen Hynek                                                February 4, 1965
Dr. J. Allen Hynek
February 4, 1965

-3-

vision is important. Both times that he saw the flame he was wearing green sunglasses over his regular glasses and was looking more or less into the low sun. Could this have blinded him and produced a false image? Certainly, wearing green glasses, he could scarcely give a reliable estimate of color. After he fell down and lost his glasses, he apparently did not again observe the flame. Could the glasses have affected what he saw?

The question immediately came to my mind: "what sort of optical correction does _____ need?" A call to Major Quintanilla gives the information that his vision is 20-200, which means, I take it, that he uses an 20 feet what he would see at 200. I gather that he has a very high correction. It would be interesting to know how much astigmatism he has. Indeed, in what direction is the astigmatism? In other words, what he saw after having lost his glasses was pretty much of a blur. There is an apparent inconsistency between the newspaper report and his account. In his first report refers to "burning brush." But in Moody's account, he refers to the fact that "smoke appeared to come from the bush and he assumed that it was burning." However, no coal were visible and the charred portions of the bush were cold to the touch. This is a new kind of "fire": I would assume, therefore, that though smoke may indeed have been a chemical smoke, and that the charred region was incidental or had been prepared earlier. Sergeant Chaves' observations were only a few minutes after _____ had seen the flames.

Is it possible that some very fine powder might have been released? Or possibly a carbon-dioxide bulb, elevated from a balloon. Was there evidence of a chemical fire extinguisher? The condensation from released CO2 could have produced the effect of both flame and smoke, especially when illuminated by the reddish glow of the setting sun. The position of the column of condensed water or CO2 crystals was just right for a bright illumination. And, if released from a dark-colored balloon, could have easily given the impression of an inverted cone, as reported.

Of course some chemical release might have been involved. However, there are many artificial ways of producing a strong roar, perhaps most simply from an electronic device, turning it up and then turning it down. Such a device need not be very large.


- page 98 -

Dr. J. Allen Hynek                                                February 12, 1965

Now when we come to the UFO itself, [redacted] first thought it was an overturned car. When he radioed Chavez, he said it was like a balloon. Could it have been a balloon? Or could it have been a balloon carrying a flat piece of aluminum foil, shaped like a flying saucer?

When [redacted] arrived at the scene he was admittedly expecting trouble connected with the dynamite shack, but he wasn't sure just exactly where it was. The shack apparently was made of aluminum, and the UFO was also like aluminum in appearance. Did the UFO stand on legs? Did it take off in the direction of the shack and pass over it, but there do seem to be some additional lights and appearances between UFO and shack. "When he had the UFO rise and take off, he had lost his spectacles and his interpretation of what he saw without his glasses is certainly open to question."

[Two persons in white coveralls - large kids or small adults. The costume sounds like that often worn by filling-station attendants or garage mechanics. Both they and the UFO were concealed by the hill during the several seconds while [redacted] Point B to Point E in the diagram. These two persons were obviously connected with the incident. They obviously took off at high speed, and I doubt that they could have hidden? Would they have had time to reach the dynamite shack and hide behind it?

Now we come to the physical evidence, as distinct from the subjective evidence, - the charred material and the indentation in the already solid ground.

That reason is there to believe that the charring was recently made to have been assumed? [redacted] said he saw burning brush apparently because he thought he saw smoke. But might it not have been dust recently disturbed? He did not smell anything unusual; that meant to him no smell, smoke. Yet there was a strong wind from the south that would have carried any smoke directly into his face. Also, if there had been a fire, the wind should have spread the fire. When Chavez arrived and went down to the site, between 3 and 5 minutes after the UFO vanished, he said there were no coals and the charred bushes were cold to the touch. There was also a piece of charred cardboard.


- page 99 -

Dr. J. Allen Hynek                                                     February 14, 1965

-4-

What reason is there to accept the charred bushes as relevant to the sighting, and the charred cardboard as not relevant? All that seems certain is that, at some time, human beings had been in the area, and that their activities (a picnic? visiting the shack?) had involved the use of fire, and that some bushes and some cardboard had burned. If the charring was connected with the UFO (the fire might have cooled in 3 to 5 minutes), then probably the cardboard was also connected with the UFO, and that certainly indicates human activity.

How big and what shape was the cardboard? Maybe it played a significant role in the enacted UFO drama. Did it, for example, support part of the aluminum foil? Were there holes in the cardboard to which the aluminum might have been attached, or indentations carved by paper clips or the like?

The evidence of the marks in the soil seems confusing, since we have only the diagrams to go on. The photos are blurred and the verbal descriptions are vague. The descriptions don't say what distinguishes the 4 main imprints from the "footprints". Apparently the footprints were made, though not to be photographed, found in shoe-soles, or reproduced by plaster-of-paris casts. If they were actually footprints, and not just vague indentations, they again indicate human activity, and might have been made by the person in white coveralls or, inadvertently, even by Chavez himself when he first went down there before Chavez arrived. It was Chavez who first notified others.

Apparently all witnesses agreed that the four main indentations were fresh. (What is a "burn"? A technical word?) All these measurements of angle seem confusing. The best that can be said is the "average central angle" between the diagonals to the 4 indentations is 90°, which clearly suggests that somebody fooled with the calculation. The two lines do seem to intersect roughly at right angles, but whether they are true right angles or not of course depends on the arbitrary chosen "centers" of the indentations. Isn't it equally possible that the four main indentations were actually made at random? That they were made by a machine seems unlikely, given the peculiar, irregular shape they indicate.

We come back to the speeding car, which started the whole business. We certainly would like to know more about this. You have made it clear that someone was a gruff type, who enjoyed giving out tickets. It seems entirely reasonable that he might have antagonized some of the local teenagers.


- page 100 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph with a high-contrast, grainy texture. It looks like a dense, tangled scene of branches, twigs, or vegetation. The image is very abstract, with white and black areas creating a complex, interwoven pattern that makes it difficult to discern specific details. The photograph seems to be of a natural, possibly forested or bushy environment, but the extreme contrast and overlapping lines make it challenging to identify precise elements.


- page 101 -

Dr. J. Allen Hynek                                                February 17, 1965

-5-

who devised a hoax to get even. This explanation, I may add, independently
occurred to both Lyle and myself. The whole thing could easily have been
planned to come off about as it did. The car came into line of sight
from a side road. Which side road? Could it have been from the
direction of the flame and roar? Apparently _____ thought he knew
the occupant of the speeding car (__________). Was this driver
over Jesus and questioned as to what he heard or saw? Did this
have a similar patrol route so that his approximate whereabouts would
be known at a given time?

In other words, we see as the most likely possibility that someone
planned this whole business to "get" ________. It sounds remarkably
similar to the elaborate UFO hoax in New Jersey on September 4, 1964
held, in the ground, charged bulbs, etc. In addition to the simple
chemical phenomena, some fireworks elevated on a small balloon could
easily have produced that _________ reported.

If you accept this idea just as a working postulate, one can see how
easy it would have been to explain the whole phenomenon. Any bright
youngsters, possibly juniors or seniors in high school, could dream up
this plan. Perhaps they are a local UFO Club, perhaps not. But they
have read of UFO's and they tried to make a very simple one. It need not
have been elaborate. At first, we thought that perhaps a sizeable balloon
might have been involved, perhaps one of radiocode type. But that
again seems more elaborate than necessary. Perhaps the homesters have
two or three simple hydrogen-filled balloons. They put up the flare,
perhaps devices, whatever is way, with a small balloon and "UFO"
signal from their confederate in the speeding car. If they have what
_________ schedule was, so much the better. But one of their group is all
prepared to get going. Perhaps he is a radio ham and can alert them to
the proper time of exploding the device. Have any of the high school
youngsters valid alibis on the date? ________. The extremely loud noise
was probably produced electronically, since apparently and the bright
flash attracted _________ attention. They must have definitely tried to
simulate an explosion, since the proximity of the dynastic shock could
hardly have been a coincidence.

Now these boys have manufactured a fake UFO. To get it off with
small balloons means that it is pretty light. They take a big piece of
aluminum foil, cut it in the form of an ellipse with two legs appended.


- page 102 -

Dr. J. Allen Hynek                                                February 14, 1965
                                                                                -6-

more or less as shown in [blacked out] sketch, from a distance of
approximately 103 feet. (N.B. Why approximately? If the distance
was quoted as 103 instead of 1007) Now compare that with this first
view of the object from approximately .15 miles, looking down on it.
And remember that a horizontal ellipse can change to a circle or give the
appearance of a vertical ellipse, according to the angle of view. This
could easily account for the differences of appearance between the two
views. If he now is a rounded rectangular, a balloon, a "balloon"
which seems to have been his impression the second time he saw it.
The orientation of the quadrilateral figure is not shown. If there were
several balloons used to support the object, the indentation might
have held weight to keep them in position. The suspended oval disk,
then, would lie more or less along one of the diagonal of the figure.
Some experimentation might show this.

The boys are waiting for [blacked out], they see him when his car crests
the hill; they trigger another blast of flame, release the UFO, run like
hell, and are hidden by the time he stops. The balloon gets
caught in a current, near-sighted [blacked out] sees it disappearing into
the distance. And that is it.

The white overalls might, perhaps, be a clue to the culprits... Do
they work in a filling station? Was, by chance, the local
Service Station? Is [blacked out] possibly an accomplice?
Does [blacked out] have high school assistants? Does [blacked out] record of
arrests over the previous five or six months include more than one
arrested for the same person? Were any of these persons employed by
the service station?

You may well object that our hypothesis is far-fetched. However,
much more elaborate hoaxes have been perpetrated in the past; in many
fields. New Mexico is pretty conscious of flying saucers. This hypothesis
certainly opens up a lot of inquiry. I hope it is not too late to go back and
check it.

I would certainly question [blacked out] check on the potential
speeders, and find out who he plays around with. See if there are some
amateur chemists in the group, who might have made some fireworks.
When I was a boy I launched a three-stage rocket, if you call the first
stage being shot out of a cannon. Check the local high schools. See if


- page 103 -

Dr. J. Allen Hynek                                                                February 24, 1965

-7-

there are boys who have electronics experience or walkie-talkies. Perhaps have a chemical analysis made of the soil in the vital region, looking for trace elements, to see if there is evidence of burned gunpowder. Or look at the charred material on the bushes. See if these may have some evidence of some constituent of gunpowder. Perhaps some unburned nitrates. But if it was just a CO2 bomb, as I have suggested, perhaps that is harder to detect.

Given this much of a clue, re-enact the event. It may be difficult to produce in all detail, because one cannot always equal the meteorological conditions.

Predicted as these hypotheses are, we will look them over, compare them carefully with the data supplied, and see if there is any flaw in our reasoning. I well recall that Houdini and the Great Deminger, magicians both, unmasked a good many hoaxes and charlatans in the field of mediums by producing, by entirely natural means, phenomena of the seance. I hope we can do the same.

Looking forward to hearing from you and with our very best regards, we are:

                                                Cordially yours,

                                                Daniel H. Menzel
                                                Lyle Boyd

DH/Mgr

cc:    Major Quintanallis
        Sgt. Moody
        Major Masten Jacks


- page 104 -

Here is the text from the document:

VIEW

Socorro, New Mexico Sighting, 24 Apr 64                   18 Feb 65

Dr J Allen Hyatt
Dennis Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Dr Hyatt:

I wish just been brought to my attention that a new commercial documentary film has been made of the Socorro, New Mexico sighting. Portions of the film were shot at Socorro, New Mexico with the original witness re-enacting his experience for the camera.

I carefully examine various queries regarding the film, once it has been possible to do so.

In order to answer these queries intelligently, I consider it essential that our people have some background information regarding the film, what motivated the witness to take part in the film, and what the general reaction of the public is towards the documentary.

Right this would be a good time for you to pay a scientific visit to the areas at Albuquerque and also visit the observatory at Las Cruces. We will be the first to welcome you. We will also view the documentary. Let me know soon as possible that you can make the trip.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

cc: PIO/Mr Sweeney


- page 105 -

January 10, 1965
Jackson College
Medford, Mass.

Dear Dr. Hynek,

There are three plants in the Boston area operated by Avco, one in Waltham(administration), Everett, and Wilmington. [Redacted] father, [Redacted] works in Avco-RAD, the research and development plant in Wilmington. She doesn't know beyond that what department he is in, but she knows he works on rocket design. They live in Newton, Mass. Wilmington is apparently just off Rte. 128. If any more information is needed, contact me.

Signed, [Redacted]

P.S. [Redacted] doesn't know why I wanted to know these things.

P.P. S. I'm going to need more bullets soon. Say hi to [Redacted]


- page 106 -

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201

22 December 1964

Major Hector Quintanilla
Foreign Technology Division
Box 9494
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

For what this is worth, I pass it on. It refers to the Socorro Case. My daughter was expatriating on the subject of Socorro to one of her dormitory mates at Jackson College and succeeded in rather frightening the roommate. The girl in question went home and told her father, who happens to work for AVCO. He was quite interested but said to the girl, "I can't tell you anything about this, but there is no need for you to worry. Just don't give it another thought."

Now either the father knew something that AVCO is doing which might have a bearing on this, or he is simply trying to play the big know-it-all papa who is trying to impress his daughter that he knows all government and other secrets. In any case, what do we know what AVCO is doing? It is at all possible that they are testing something like this? If so, how close to Socorro Who do we know there, and who can we ask? I do know that one of the fellows (his name slips my mind right now - a something-or-other) who was one of the instigators of the big UFO Conference called by the National Security Board ( the one attended by Robertson, Alvarez, and so forth who got out the official white paper) is now working for AVCO. If I can remember his name, I might be able to find out something through him. On the other hand, your official channels should have no difficulty with this, particularly if there is nothing to it. If there is something to it, it will take another two weeks!

I hope you managed to get down all the four hamburgers. Tell to have the NCO Club stocked, this! Can't have our Washington guests thinking we are the great unwashed and the great unbutored!

I hope that you can make it to Chicago next month.

Merry Christmas,

krf


- page 107 -

5 November 1964

Farmington, New Mexico

Dear Mr. [redacted]

This is in answer to your letter of October 15, 1964.

I am happy to be able to verify for you the newspaper report quoting me as saying, in effect, that a story was simply told and told without any intent to perpetrate a hoax. The story was indeed told by a man who obviously was frightened badly by what he did see. I am not absolutely certain that the man's story was true, but certainly the sense is.

I will further confirm that I made the statement that we had no evidence to lead us to believe that we were being visited by spaceships from other planets. We do have a few sightings like the Socorro sighting which are extremely difficult to explain. In fact, we do not yet have an explanation for this. Some sightings, but that "not knowable" yet does not entitle us, I believe, to jump to the conclusion that we have interplanetary visitors. It is of interest, and it is quite necessary from a scientific standpoint, however, to look carefully into such cases to attempt to find out what the physical cause for the report was. If a sufficient number of such sightings occurs, we should look for a pattern which, in turn, could lead us to the eventual solution. I wish I could, for my own satisfaction, claim the Socorro sighting as a hoax, or a hallucination, but in all honesty, I cannot.

I hope this will be of some help to you. Should you wish to get in touch with me directly, please ask him to feel free to do so.

Sincerely yours,
J. Allen Hynek
Director

JAH:kf


- page 108 -

International Crystal Citizen Band Radios

Federal Firearms License N

FARMINGTON, NEW MEXICO
October 15, 1964

Dr. J. Alan Hynek
Department of Astronomy
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Dr. Hynek:

I have been corresponding with a psychiatrist who is very interested in the sighting of April 24, 1964 of a UFO at Socorro, New Mexico. This man asked me not to mention his name (you would know it in a second) but could I get verification from you of the newspaper report quoting you as saying: "But _______ story is simply told; certainly told without any intent to perpetrate a hoax. The story of course was told by a man who obviously was frightened badly by what he did see." (Albuquerque Journal, April 30, 1964)

As I understand it, this psychiatrist would like to know—if it is worth while for him to look into the matter further?

I understand that you made the statement over television at that time that there was no evidence that we were being visited by space ships. I want to say that that is also my opinion since the day President Eisenhower said Dec. 15, 1954, that it would be wrong to think that they come from another planet. (Santa Barbara News-Press, Dec. 15, 1964) You—

Dr. Hynek would do me the greatest favor if you would confirm this statement in the press. I feel that this country could all the business—it matters to solve the UFO problem.

Sincerely,

[Signature and bottom of page are redacted/blacked out]


- page 109 -

Here is the text from the document:

HARVARD COLLEGE OBSERVATORY
CAMBRIDGE 38, MASSACHUSETTS

9494

Major Hector Quintanilla
U.S. Air Force, Foreign Technology Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Via Air Mail

The document appears to be an envelope or letterhead from Harvard College Observatory, addressed to Major Hector Quintanilla at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, with a U.S. Air Mail stamp.


- page 110 -

October 15, 1964

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois 60201

Dear Allen:

We certainly missed you at the I.A.U. this year, but you probably made good use of the time scientifically. Congratulations on what you are doing in building up new observatories. The nation certainly needs more observing equipment, of medium and large aperture. I wish I could find some way of producing such equipment for Harvard, of course at a western site.

I was interested in your comments on the Socorro case. Since I was out of the country at the time, your letter is really the first detailed account that has come to my attention. It certainly looks like a case to shake the skeptics or at least put the burden of proof on their shoulders. And I know from inside information that Keyhoe is delighted. He is writing an article for TRUE, which probably will appear in two parts.

I wonder what your basic reaction is. You presented the facts as you obtained them, but you didn't say whether this was shaking your viewpoint concerning the extraterrestrial origin. And you have certainly challenged Lytle and me to look the matter over. I have not had a chance to see her since my return from Europe, but certainly try to get together before too long and see what we can do. I do have a glimmering of an idea, which will require some help and collaboration from the Air Force to prove or disprove. However, before I reveal it, I wonder if the Air Force will send me all of their material on this case so that I can familiarize myself with the locale as well as the reports from individuals.

I was glad to hear the family news and have passed it on to Florence. Best wishes to Mimi and all.

Cordially yours,

DHM/db                                 Donald H. Menzel
                                        Director

c/c: Major H. Quintanilla
     Lt. Boyd


- page 111 -

RR RUEGAL
DE RUWHJ 47 04/230OZ
ZNR
R 042235Z
FM 34ICMBTSPIGP MALMSTROM AFB MONT
TO RUEGAL/ADC
RUGNRG/29SARDY RICHARDS GEBAUR AFB MO
RUEGAL/AFC
RUAMHQ/HQCOMD USAF
INFO RUGS8R/SAC
RUMBKN/15AF MARCH AFB CALIF
RUCHEL/82ISAD ELLSWORTH AFB S DAK
BT
UNCLAS BDO 24121 SEC 11 OF 11.
APPEAR THAT ENTIRE INCIDENT IS THE RESULT OF A PRANK BY THE CHILDREN
INVOLVED WHICH PROCEEDED BEYOND WHAT WAS ANTICIPATED. INDIVIDUALS
INVOLVED WERE COMPLETELY AWARE OF RECENT NEW MEXICO INCIDENTS AND AT
0353Z THREE OF INDIVIDUALS INVOLVED HAS LISTENED TO NEWS REPORTS
OVER KGMA, OKLAHOMA CITY FOR SPECIFIC PURPOSE OF HEARING CURRENT
REPORTS ON THIS SITUATION. ALL WERE AWARE OF REPORTED SIGHTINGS IN
OTHER STATES. THIS IS FINAL REPORT AND INCIDENT CONSIDERED CLOSED.
BT
NNNN


- page 112 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a landscape with a building, some fencing, and a hilly or mountainous background with what seems to be a body of water (possibly Canyon Ferry Reservoir in Montana, based on the filename). The image is grainy and has high contrast, typical of older photographic documentation.


- page 113 -

29 September 1964

Dr. Donald H. Menzel
Harvard College Observatory
Cambridge 38, Massachusetts

Dear Don:

Thank you for your letter of September 10, and I'm glad that you liked the review.

With respect to the Socorro case, I wish I could substantiate the idea that it was a hoax or a hallucination. Unfortunately, I cannot. I have talked at length with the principals in the sighting, and unless my knowledge of human nature is utterly out of phase, I would feel that I am incapable of perpetrating a hoax. He is simply a good solid cop whose two early comments are in themselves quite revealing. The first was to ask his superior whether he (redacted) should first talk to his priest and his second was that he resented the whole thing because it prevented him from getting his quota of speeders that day! He is not imaginative, sticks solidly to business, and is far from talkative. His superior, Sergeant Chaves, is much more articulate.

Major Quintanilla is convinced that the Socorro sighting is neither a hoax nor a hallucination, but he feels that perhaps some sort of test object (war games, etc.) might have been going on. However, there is no record of such even though he has tried to track this down through White Sands, Holloman Air Force Base, and a few others. I would like to go along with the hallucination idea if it weren't for the marks I burned within hours of the incident, who tell me that the center of the marks were not as though the topsoil had been freshly pulled aside. The four marks when plotted out lie such that the diagonals intersect at exactly ninety degrees, which may or may not be significant.

Then, of course, we have the testimony of the tourist who stopped by (redacted) Gas Station (I talked to the filling station man in detail) who while walking for his change remarked, "Your airplane fly awfully low around here, one liked to knock off the road just south of town."

Whereupon the attendant replied, "Oh, we have a lot of helicopters flying around here."

To which the tourist replied, "If that was a helicopter, it's the damnedest helicopter I ever saw. It seems he was in some sort of trouble because he landed just over the hill, and a little later I saw a police car going out toward it."

I checked the times on all these, and they jibe well within human error of time estimates. Furthermore, I talked with all the townspeople I could get


- page 114 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

hold of, including the baggage man at the station, the priest, and several
people who have known [redacted] since he was in knee breeches. This
baggage man at the station, (baggage men have a way of knowing everything
about everybody in town) gave him one of the cleanest bills of health
I've ever heard from anyone. Furthermore, one of my astronomy undergraduates
did a term paper on the Socorro case since he comes from Socorro and his
aunt essayed to gather a great deal of raw materials for him. She personally
visited [redacted] and went up and down the town fighting out what she
could. In her talk with [redacted] she quotes [redacted] as saying,
"Just gave himself up to God." The term paper was complete with
geological map, road map, etc. and while I asked the student undertaking
the term paper to do everything he could to find an obvious natural explanation
of the sighting, he was unable to do so. I think it's time for B.M. and
Lyle Boyd to get in the act to solve this mystery." I'm stuck.

Furthermore, I revisited Socorro on my way to Las Cruces a month ago just
to check the place. I thought perhaps that if I talked to [redacted] and the
other again, they would certainly have had some rethroughit about the
thing after this many months had passed. [redacted], if anything, is more
reticent than before and, although I tried to find negative character
references for [redacted], I found none. In fact, I met nothing but
a wall of good character references. The guy doesn't drink, cavort with
women, or recite poetry. [redacted] captures speeders. In fact, as you know, he
captures speeders when most local cops would not. He is a good, clean,
and this is a situation hardly conducive to an isolation hallucination,
etc. What-have-you. So it's the sort of cop who when he chases a speeder has a
certain kind of mind. He wants to get his speeder and make up his quotes for the
day. "Oh, well, I think, only because he heard this noise and reportedly saw
a flash of light out near the mayor's dynamite shack (he is apparently
forbidden to the mayor for his job) that he swerved aside from his normal
course of duty to respond to what the thought was a higher call, namely
to do a good turn for the mayor and his dynamite shack. Also the fact that,
whether first saw the object in the distance, he stated that he thought it
was a conventional aircraft, doesn't mean it was. He was a policeman.
First saw it from a distance of a good quarter mile—more like a half
mile—and then of necessity lost sight of it a couple of minutes while
he was around a hill and came into the well area that he was confronted
with the object a bare 200 feet away from him. I rested the case with
him, along with stopwatch, etc. and throughout the whole thing, he had
time of the watch of the crowd at Friona, for instance, in my interview
with [redacted]. Just a solid cop. So, you come up with an answer, please.

I am building two observatories this year. We break ground next month
for the Lindheimer Astronomical Research Center here in Brazos, and just a few weeks after that, for our new observatory
in New Mexico. So we will have a 10-inch, a 24-inch, an 18 1/2-inch, a
16-inch, and a 12-inch, plus a 10-inch astrograph. Things have been breaking
fairly well for me, and I have never regretted my decision to come to
Northwestern, although both Miki and I thoroughly enjoyed Cambridge and
Smithsonian and our fine contacts with all of you people. I hope both you
and Lyle had a chance to see our paper on image orthicon astronomy in the
last Sky and Telescope, and the description of the Lindheimer Astronomical
Research Center in this current issue of Sky and Telescope.


- page 115 -

Here is the text from the document:

Mimi and the new babies are doing very well. Ross Allen is now just over one year old. Paul is two and one-half; Joel is fourteen and in ninth grade; Roxanne, as you know, is at Tulane. Scott is now a senior at MIT. So time and the world move on. Mimi and I send our very best regards to you and Florence, and to Lyle and Bill.

Sincerely yours,
Allen

Talkers:
Capt. Major Walter Quintanilla

The bottom portion of the document is very blurry and difficult to read clearly.


- page 116 -

HARVARD COLLEGE OBSERVATORY
CAMBRIDGE 38, MASSACHUSETTS

September 10, 1964

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Allen:

Thank you so much for your review of our book. I am sure that you will go far. I correct some of the misimpressions that your review of my earlier book did. Incidentally, I am wondering what your opinion is of the Socorro case. It certainly sounds to me like a hoax or, perhaps, some sort of hallucination. I can see the difficulties that you may have, however, making an open pronouncement either way.

I am dictating this from Hamburg, where we have just completed a meeting of the IAU. You missed a very interesting program, especially part of the dealing with the Ranger program.

With best regards, I am,

Cordially yours,
Donald H. Menzel
DHmico


- page 117 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

NEWS
New Products

Super-Temp Expands R&D
American Super-Temperature Wires, Inc., Winoski, Vt., a subsidiary of Harvey Industries, Inc., a supplier of Teflon and silicone rubber insulated wire and cable, has completed the expansion of its research and development department. The section now occupies almost 4000 square feet, virtually doubling the previous facilities. The new equipment is now in operation and not only permits the company to run all necessary qualification tests, but provides facilities to develop a larger product line.

Of particular interest to purchasers of high-temperature wire is the installation of a new corona tester and high voltage electric tester. The rating of the equipment are as follows: 15,000 volts ac maximum corona and 30,000 volts ac maximum dielectric.

Panel-Mounted Fan
McLean Engineering Laboratories, P.O. Box 228, Princeton, N. J., has announced the production of a new panel-mounted fan to be installed on the outside of electronic racks. The fan is designed to pressure the cabinet with air filtered through a permanent, washable-type filter.

Designated as Model 1PB65W, it is installed from outside the rack and uses a minimum of cabinet area. "Nat filter" is also accessible from the outside of rack and may be serviced without removing the fan mounting bolts. The fan has a shallow depth which makes it adaptable for use in densely packed racks.

Model 1PB65W moves 295 cfm, and is equipped with a ball bearing motor which meets Specifications GC-M-636A. The lubricant is a MIL-G-3278 having a temperature range of -65°C to +93°C. Shipment can be made from stock.

For specifications, prices and other information contact the firm.

Connector Catalog
Complete technical data on the Foamflex series of coaxial connectors manufactured by Kings Electronics Co., Inc., 38 Maple Avenue, Malverne, N. Y., are contained in their new 8-page catalog just issued. These connectors are designed for...

These manufacturers have invited PROCEEDINGS readers to write for literature and further technical information. Please mention your IRE affiliation.

These are also featured in this 2-color bulletin are connections which are specifically designed for applications involving Phelps Dodge's Spiral and Styroflex Cables.

A copy of the Foamflex catalog may be secured by writing the manufacturer.

Cardon Appointed
By Servo Corp.
In line with the Government's latest trend toward total project supervision, with more direct interest being shown in sub-contracts as well as primes, Servo Corporation of America, Hicksville, L. I., N. Y., named Jules Cardon manager of Government Sales.

In a similar, conscious move Servo acted to integrate all its government contract and sub-contract activities under the direction of the new unified marketing group to be headed by Cardon.

The organizational change merges the two distinct sales groups which formerly marketed Servo capabilities, facilities, and products to the government and prime defense contractors, separately. In effect, the former Government Sales and Weapons and Sub-System Sales Divisions are now merged into a single Government Sales group.

The move also completes re-organization of Servo's sales department according to the company's overall marketing plan, a Servo spokesman stated.

Beacon Code Simulator
Micro-Tel Corp., 2127 Maryland Ave., Baltimore 19, Md., announces the availability of Model TSG-10A Beacon Code Simulator. The instrument is a double-pulsed microwave signal source covering 2.7 to 2.9 kmc and 5.1 to 5.9 kmc. Pulse width can be adjusted from 0.3 to 10 μsec, pulse spacing from 0 to 100 μsec, and PRF from 10 to 2000 pps. An additional feature is that parallel sets of pulse controls can be used to pre-set all pulse parameters in either "C" or "S" band, 100 milliwatts of pulse or cw power is available in both bands through 40 db variable attenuators for sensitivity measurements. The entire instrument is housed in a 19x10½x15" cabinet and will operate from 60 to 400 cps power source. Primary purpose of the instrument is to check sensitivity and pulse decoding circuitry of radar beacons. For further information, contact the firm.

Hines Appointed by
Microwave Associates
Microwave Associates, Inc., Burlington, Mass., announces the appointment of Marion E. Hines to the newly created position of Senior Scientist. Hines will coordinate the company's extensive research activities in solid state circuits and will initiate two new programs which will lead to the company's entry into microwave oscillators and micro-wave amplifiers.

Down converters both using Esaki (tunnel) diode techniques.

Hines was previously associated with the Bell Telephone Laboratories, Inc., at their New York City, Allentown, Pa., and Murray Hill, N. J. laboratories. He has been active in the development of microwave electron tubes, development of television transmission systems and in research on solid state electron devices. His most recent work has been involved with research on Esaki (tunnel) diodes for application as microwave oscillators and amplifiers.

At the Bell Laboratories, Hines was an instructor in electron tubes for the Communications Development Program. Training program and has recently been a visiting lecturer at the University of Pennsylvania.

Hines is a graduate of the California Institute of Technology where he obtained a Bachelor's degree in 1940 and a Master's degree in Electronic Engineering in 1946.

He served as a weather officer in the Air Force during World War II.

He holds numerous patents in the fields of electron tubes, electronic circuits, and semiconductor devices.

(Continued on page 137-1)

34A
WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION—PROCEEDINGS OF THE IRE    January, 1961


- page 118 -

Here is the text from the document:

ANNOUNCING A NEW CORPORATION
IN THE SPACE FIELD

ASTROPOWER, INC.

Astropower, Inc. has been formed as a subsidiary of Douglas Aircraft Company with Mr. Y. C. Lee, internationally noted propulsion expert, as president.

In offering its services for research and development of advanced space propulsion systems to system contractors and government agencies, Astropower will operate as an independent company. The proprietary interests of major systems and sub-systems contractors will be respected and protected by both Douglas and Astropower.

A balanced engineering and research program is now being formulated to advance the state of the art in:

• Ultra-high energy propulsion systems in the nuclear, chemical and electrical fields
• Solid state devices and energy conversion equipment
• Mr. Lee is now staffing key positions in Astropower, Inc. and will welcome inquiries from qualified engineers and scientists having advanced degrees in the areas of nuclear physics, plasma physics, solid state physics, thermodynamics and high temperature materials.

Astropower's permanent scientific and engineering center will be located in one of Southern California's ideally situated research communities.

ASTROPOWER, INC.
Temporary headquarters: 3801 Lakewood Boulevard, Long Beach, California


- page 119 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS

Sept. 7, 1964

Dear R, D and M: -

I enclosed my report any recent blows & the A of Socorro? Maybe we'll be little more - although investigator may be still a little new - this way, may come from an old However - this came from January 1961 Word happened

magazine, look it. Much may and 1961.

I invite notes & Examiner for the academic year on the 12 - and will Saturday - the 15th & 16 to in Bachelar.

on the 15th & 16 to 9:20 to in my work

I have to send in my work August service and travel for know the
since I still does & my sweeny?
permit. to be in Examiner soon?


- page 120 -

7:6° from being way back & all dry myself but I wonder to want to keep it so too long. Even there for days, however, one proves & be a more or less vacation. I'm getting a chance & stretch - something I can summer haven & done much of the weather so just perhaps too much - my book does & close quite a bit. I'm out on the lake with the might - is somehow and the sleep) - with 3 cover - another year's example & figure 3 model for I'll come home to battle.

The architect is due to have be working drawing completed on Seg. 21 - then a few great ground level - and we can be working up in next. This will be worked with Tebagh. Boy too worth's? get two months? way, did you

Cheer,
Allen


- page 121 -

Via Air Mail

Major Hecto Quintanilla
FTD
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio
USA


- page 122 -

Here is the text from the document:

SW3001WPA001GSB471ZCJYC150
RR RUCDSQ
DE RUEAGL 163 25/2128Z
R 251127
FM AFSC
TO RUNGBA/AFMDC HOLLOMAN AFB NNEX
INFO RUCDSQ/FTD WPAFB OHIO
BT
SCFTC 25-6-21
FOR MDFC INFO TDEW/UFO. REFERENCE TDEW 19-6-412. CONFIRMING
TELECONS BETWEEN CAPT WEIMER; CAPT QUINTANILLA AND MR.
REQUEST MEETING BETWEEN CAPT QUINTANILLA AND MDC COMDR BE
ARRANGED BY MDF. TOPIC OF MEETING WILL BE RECENT UFO INCIDENT
NEAR SOCORRO. SECURITY CLEARANCES WILL BE FORWARDED BY TDEW.
DATE OF MEETING TO BE AT YOUR CONVENIENCE. UNDERSTAND 6 JULY
MUTUALLY AGREED UPON. REQUEST MDF ASSIST VISITOR AS NECESSARY
AND POSSIBLE IN HIS INVESTIGATION TO LOGICALLY ACCOUNT FOR
SOCORRO INCIDENT. CP-3
BT

The document is marked "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top and bottom of the page, and has a "Classification Cancelled" stamp with partially legible details.


- page 123 -

The text I can see in the image is:

"BURNED AREA"

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a landscape with a body of water (possibly a reservoir) in the background, trees on a hill, and a foreground area with some fencing and markers. There is a handwritten annotation indicating a "BURNED AREA" on the right side of the image.


- page 124 -

JOINT MESSAGEFORM

Security Classification: UNCLASSIFIED

Precedence: ACTION
Type Msg: BOOK
Accounting Symbol: AP

From: FTD, WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO

To: AFMDC, HOLLOMAN AFB, NEW MEXICO
INFO: AFMDC, HOLLOMAN AFB, NEW MEXICO

UNCLAS/TISH(UTO)

FOR MDC, INFO MDFC. REFERENCE TELECODE MR SEVEN, CAPT WEIMER
AND CAPT QUINTANILLA, 24 JUN 64. CAPTAIN HECTOR QUINTANILLA

AO 223154, WILL ARRIVE ON OR ABOUT 6 JUL 64 FOR MEETING WITH
MDC COMMANDER. CAPT QUINTANILLA IS CLEARED UP TO AND
INCLUDING TOP SECRET.

COORDINATION: [blank]

Date/Year: JUN 64

Signatures:
Writer: HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr Capt/mbs
Receiver: COLONEL JUNCKHEER, COLONEL, USAF
             DEPUTY FOR TECHNOLOGY AND SUBSYSTEMS

Form: DD Form 173
Security Classification: UNCLASSIFIED


- page 125 -

Here is the text from the document:

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

JOINT MESSAGEFORM

UNCLASSIFIED

19 Jun 64  15 49z
ENCODED

PRECEDENCE    TYPE MSG (Check)    ACCOUNTING    ORIG. OR REFERS TO    CLASSIFICATION
              BOOK   MULTI  SINGLE   SYMBOL                           OF REFERENCE

ACTION    ROUTINE
INFO      X                        AP

FROM:
FTD, W-P AFB, OHIO

TO:
AFSC, ANDREWS AFB, MD - AVERAGE

FOR SCTIC RE OUR SCTIC 16-6-13: THE POSSIBILITY OF A RESEARCH
VEHICLE BEING INVOLVED IN THE SOCORRO SIGHTING HAS BEEN INVESTIGATED.

THE ARMY LIAISON OFFICE AT FTD HAS BEEN CONTACTED AND THE CASE HAS
BEEN DISCUSSED WITH THEM AT GREAT LENGTH; HOWEVER, THEY HAVE NO
KNOWLEDGE OF AN ARMY RESEARCH VEHICLE WHICH WOULD LEAVE MARKS
SUCH AS THOSE FOUND AT SOCORRO. LT COL CONKEY AND MAJ H MITCHELL
OF THE AFMDC HAVE ALSO BEEN CONTACTED AND THE CASE HAS BEEN DIS-
CUSSED WITH THEM. BOTH OF THESE OFFICERS WERE AWARE OF THE CASE
BEFORE OUR DISCUSSION; HOWEVER, NEITHER ONE OF THEM HAS ANY
KNOWLEDGE OF A VEHICLE IN THE HOLLOMAN AREA, SUCH AS DESCRIBED
IN OUR REPORT.

BELL AIRCRAFT CO HAS BEEN QUERIED REGARDING THEIR
RESEARCH ON A LUNAR LANDING VEHICLE WHICH WOULD LEAVE IMPRESSIONS
ON THE GROUND SUCH AS THOSE FOUND IN SOCORRO. ONE SUCH VEHICLE
HAS BEEN DELIVERED TO THE AIR FORCE AT EDWARDS AFB; HOWEVER, THIS

[Signature block at bottom]
ERIC-T de JONCKHEERE
COLONEL, USAF
DEPUTY FOR TECHNOLOGY
AND SUBSYSTEMS

DD FORM 173, 1 MAY 58 REPLACES DD FORM 17 WHICH WILL BE USED UNTIL EXHAUSTED


- page 126 -

JOINT MESSAGEFORM - CONTINUATION SHEET

FROM: FTD, W P AFB, OHIO

VEHICLE IS NOT OPERATIONAL AND IS NOT SCHEDULED FOR TESTS UNTIL THE LATTER PART OF JUNE. FIFTEEN LETTERS WERE WRITTEN TO INDUSTRIAL COMPANIES ASKING THEM FOR THEIR RESEARCH STATUS ON LUNAR LANDING MODULES. THUS FAR, INFORMATION RECEIVED FROM THESE COMPANIES HAS NOT BEEN USEFUL IN SOLVING CASE. NASA IN WASH., D.C. WAS CONTACTED BY SAFOI AND THEY HAVE RECEIVED NO REPLY.

R COL CONKEY, WILLIE ON A RECENT VISIT TO FTD, REMARKED THAT SECURITY IN HOLLOMAN IS EXTREMELY TIGHT. RE SCFT ASSISTANCE.

STILL BELIEVE THAT TENNENT ORGANIZATIONS AT HOLLOMAN HOLD KEY TO SIGHTING. COULD SCFT ASK HOLLOMAN BASE COMMANDER TO GRANT AUDIENCE TO FTD/UFO PROJECT OFFICER (CAPT. QUINTANILLA) IN ORDER TO DISCUSS DETAILS OF SOCORRO SIGHTING. SIGNIFICANT DEVELOPMENTS HAVE BEEN MET SINCE DR. HYNEK'S BRIEFING TO HQ AFSC.

GROUP - 3. DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS; NOT AUTOMATICALLY DECLASSIFIED. DOD DIR.5200.10

SYMBOL: TDEW/UFO
PAGE NR: 2
NR OF PAGES: 2
SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED
INITIALS: mlb


- page 127 -

Here is the text from the document:

074PA297CZC5PA054ZCJY 462
PP RUCDSE
DE RUEAGL 34 16/1619Z
P 161607Z
FM AFSC
TO FTD WPAFB OHIO
BT
/ SGTC 16-6-13.

FOR TDEM/UUFO (CAPT QUINTANILLA). RE DR. HYNEK,S
BRIEFING TO HC AFSC ON 10 JUN 64, SPECIFICALLY SOCORRO,
N. MEX. INCIDENT. MSG IN TWO PARTS. PART I. OFFICERS
THIS HC AGREE WITH DR. HYNEK THAT POSSIBILITY OF
SOCORRO INCIDENT BEING CAUSED BY RESEARCH VEHICLE
(US ARMY OR AF SPONSORED) SHOULD BE INVESTIGATED
FULLY. REALIZE INCIDENT OCCURRED NEAR WHITE SANDS
INSTALLATION. WHAT QUERIES HAVE BEEN MADE TO ARMY
R&D ORGANIZATIONS (OR APPROPRIATE AF ORGANIZATIONS)

PAGE 2 RUEAGL 34
REGARDING ABOVE POSSIBILITY? ADVISE. PART II. THIS
OFFICE WILLING TO ASSIST IN ANY WAY POSSIBLE. KEEP
SOFT POSTED OF ANY PROBLEMS OR SIGNIFICANT DEVELOP-
MENTS IN THIS CASE. GP-3.
BT

The document is marked "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top and bottom of the page, and has a "PRIORITY" stamp. There is also a classification cancellation stamp on the right side of the document.


- page 128 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

RECENT NEWS
NEW MEXICO POLICEMAN SEES LANDED SAUCER AND "LITTLE MEN"! On April 24th, the sensational recent saucer flap began. The first incident was one of the most convincing UFO sightings of all times, in that the principal witness was a police officer who sincerely not even the Air Force could question. As a matter of fact, officer Lonnie Zamora was vouched for by Dr. Lincoln La Paz, America's foremost authority on meteorites, who had known the policeman for a period of sixteen years!

The several newspaper versions of the incident conflict in some details, but the story supplied to us by NICAP's New York Subcommittee is probably the most accurate, as NICAP members have contacted Zamora directly.

Here are the facts:

At about 6 p.m. Zamora was on duty in his patrol car about a mile north of Socorro, New Mexico, when he suddenly heard a roaring noise. Thinking it might be an explosion in a nearby dynamite shack or a car blowing up, he quickly decided to investigate further. From a distance of about 150 yards he saw an egg-shaped metallic or white object, resting on the ground in a gulley. There were two girder-like legs visible, on the side of the craft facing Zamora, and the bottom of the object was just above a bush which he knew to be about four feet high. Near the UFO were two figures, small in stature, like children, and humanoid in form. Zamora could make out no facial details at that distance, but he said that they did not appear to be wearing helmets. The figure farthest from him turned and apparently saw him.

There were red markings on the side of the craft. These were apparently lettering of some type, but he could make no sense out of them. (According to an alternative version, Zamora saw only the letter "V" with three lines through it, while another story has it that he was requested by the Air Force not to divulge the nature of the markings.) As the policeman approached closer to the object, it began to roar again and raise a cloud of dust. The two figures were longer visible, and Zamora supposed that they had entered the craft, despite the fact that he had not noticed any windows, doors, or other openings. Zamora was now frightened, and turned to run. The noise then stopped. He looked back and saw the UFO slowly rising from the ground. It went over the top of the dynamite shack, and remained at a low altitude as it continued on in horizontal flight and eventually disappeared from view. (Our paraphrasing of the NICAP report ends here.)

Thereafter the State Police, F.B.I., and Air Force were contacted. Thereafter the State Police, F.B.I., and Air Force were contacted, together with Sergeant David Moody from Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio. However, by the time Dr. Hynek arrived five days after the incident, the landing site was so trampled by the curious that little of scientific value could be obtained. But all of the early arrivals to the spot had noticed a burned area where the UFO had been, and four wedge-shaped impressions in the hard desert floor, where the legs of the object had stood. There was also something resembling paw marks or heal marks. Hynek talked to Zamora for almost a full day, and to other local people. Hynek even had Zamora re-enact the incident, after which he admitted being more disturbed than ever!

Dr. Hynek was without a doubt genuinely puzzled, and said that he had not come upon anything similar in his previous investigations for the Air Force. He was bothered by the fact


- page 129 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

that there was no radar confirmation and no other witnesses. However, those
are not serious objections in our opinion. If a Cuban helicopter could land
recently at Miami International Airport without being identified on radar as a
hostile craft (in spite of our military alert in that area)l, then this UFO,
flying at low altitude as Lonnie Zamora described it, need not have been no-
ticed on radar either. Furthermore it is interesting to note that on May 22nd
- almost exactly a month after the Socorro incident - Holloman Air Force Base
in New Mexico tracked two UFO's which were in the vicinity of White Sands,
thus proving that at least some incidents in the recent flap did have radar
confirmation!

As for there being no other witnesses, it seems that the Air Force
and NICAP have one thing in common, in that they have overlooked the published
testimony of a tourist who was traveling north on Route 85 and saw Zamora's
UFO just before it landed in the gulley! Opal Grinder, manager of Whiting
Brothers' Service Station just north of Socorro, said that an unidentified man
stopped at the station and told him that a strange-looking craft had flown
over his car at low altitude. The tourist also commented that he had seen a
police car heading up the hill. This was Zamora's car! Grinder did not attach
any importance to the traveler's remarks until later, when he heard about Za-
mora's sighting.

Then, between 7:30 and 8:00 that same evening, another man driving
north on Route 85 saw the same or a similar object. We do not know whether he
was interviewed by Hynek, but in any case his story went out over the Associ-
ated Press. The man in question was George Mitropolis, a resident of Albuquer-
que. He said that he turned off his car engine as the object went by at low
altitude, and heard a noise "like muffled jets." The thing had a luminous
glow. There were no lights, but the glow underneath the craft looked like ex-
haust flames. The strange object looked to Mitropolis like "an upside down
bathtub." The startled traveler reported the UFO to two men in another car,
and later to the police and newspapers.

In regard to the Socorro incident, Dr. Hynek had this to say after
completing his on-the-spot investigation: "Mr. Zamora's story is simply told,
and certainly without any intent to perpetrate a hoax. It is told by a man who
obviously was frightened badly by what he saw. He certainly must have seen
something." Dr. La Paz, to whom Zamora had sent meteorite reports over the
years, was quoted as saying: "I have had contacts with Officer Zamora in my
work, and he is a thoroughly dependable observer." La Paz, incidentally, be-
lieves that Zamora saw a U.S.-made experimental craft, though the Air Force
has denied that we have anything answering such a description.

As of this writing, the Air Force admits having no solution to the
Zamora case, and if none is found, it will be carried in their files as UN-
KNOWN!


- page 130 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Film Studio Trio
Here to Interview
Persons on Sighting

Socorro will have the spotlight in a full feature length documentary film on Unidentified Flying Objects being made by Empire Film Studios, Hollywood, Calif. Merry Malkin, public relations director of the studio, announced here today.

Michael Musto, executive producer, and Jay Lawrence, production supervisor, were today to begin filmed interviews here today which will make Socorro the human interest center of the color film.

Socorro will be featured because it was here on April 24, 1964, that a UFO landed a block off its a gully a mile southwest of the courthouse. City Policeman Lonnie Zamora saw at close range the UFO after it had landed and observed its takeoff.

The documentary premiere will be held here, and the Socorro will be featured in 20 to 25 minutes of the 85-minute show. The film has been set for completion and release of the documentary.

Malkin emphasized that any mains or distorted stories will be

February 4 1965                Page 5

Film Studio Trio
(Continued from Page 1)

rejected. He said further Empire studios will make every effort to avoid anything in the documentary that might create hysteria or panic.

The documentary will be based on verified information on UFO's, Malkin emphasized.

Malkin said the studio has the most valuable collection of UFO slides in the world. The collection is virtually worldwide and the verified slides will be used in the documentary.

George Todd, Los Angeles Herald-Examiner columnist, will narrate the documentary. Chan Thomas, consulting engineer and scientist, who formerly worked for the federal government, is the scientific advisor for the film.

The Empire studio men expect to be here until Saturday morning. They arrived late Wednesday night.

Malkin said the purpose of the film is to explain in some way the situation concerning the UFO.

He said that after reading a story in the Denver Post on the UFO sighting here, Musto called a production meeting and the UFO film which was then nearly completed was rerun. They started cutting scenes in the film and directed Malkin to provide the basis for a human interest story on what could be found in Socorro. They scrapped about half of the documentary.

The film will be released to theaters and television stations in many parts of the world.

Among those who would attend the world premiere here would be the studio officials, and Todd, the narrator.

The three from the studio, and City Clerk Raymond L. Senn were to be guests of Mayor Holm O. Bursum, Jr., at luncheon today.


- page 131 -

UFO REPORT *** 24 April 1964***

I, Richard T. Holder, Captain, USA, 095042, Up-Pange Commander, was notified by 1/Lt Hicks, Executive Officer, Co C, USAG, that he had just been notified by Mr. D. Arthur Byrnes Jr., Credentials Number 3617, Federal Bureau of Investigation, of a reported UFO in the area. Lt. Hicks said that Mr. Byrnes would like for me to contact him at the State Police Office, Socorro, if possible. I tried to call, unsuccessfully, then started dressing.

While dressed, approximately 3 minutes later, Mr. Byrnes called me, informed me of the U FO report. I stated that I would be at the office (State Police) in about 5 minutes. Then I arrived. Mr. Byrnes introduced himself, we each examined the others credentials and found them satisfactory. Officer of the Socorro Police Department was present, and was introduced to Mr. Byrnes.

We both then interviewed official sources and this is substantially represented in entirely by the enclosed statements. We then departed for the scene of the reported landing of the UFO. S. B. Provo (the same vehicle) was stopped by the residence of Sgt. Castle, NCOIC SRC 11.F., who then accompanied us to the site and assisted in making the enclosed measurements and observations. Precinct when we arrived were Officer __, Office Melvin Ratcliff, Field Mgr. of the Socorro Police Department, who assisted in making the measurements. Then we had completed examination of the area, Mr. Provo, Officer Ratcliff, and I returned to the State Police Office at Socorro, then completed these reports.

Upon arrival at the office location in the Socorro County Building, we were informed by Sgt. Lopez, Sheriff's Office radio operator, that approximately three reports had been called in by telephone or a blue flame or light in the area. Initially sighting was made by officer __ at approximately 1750-I was notified by Lt. Hicks at approximately 1910.

These reports were not entered on the dispatcher's log so no time on these reports is available--the dispatcher indicated that the times were roughly similar. Reports were completed at approximately 0000 25 April. I requested that I be notified in the event of a similar occurrence or report.

Richard T. Holder,
Captain    Ord/O

NOTE: By request of the FBI, please do not refer to the FBI as participating in any fashion--use of local law enforcement authorities is acceptable.

[The bottom of the page contains some handwritten notes that are partially illegible]


- page 132 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

2

wagon before made the hill. Hill about 60' long, fairly steep and with loose gravel
and rock. While beginning third time, noise and flame not noted.

After got to top, traveled slowly on the gravel road westwardly. Noted nothing
for awhile...for possibly 10 or 15 seconds, went slow, looking around for the
shack--did not recall exactly where the dynamite shack was.

Suddenly noted a shiny type object to south about 150 to 200 yards.
It was off the road. At first glance, stopped. It looked, at first, like a car
turned upside down. Thought some kids might have turned over. Saw two people
in white coveralls very close to the object. One of these persons seemed to turn
and look straight at my car and seemed startled--seemed to quickly jump somewhat.

At this time I started moving my car f/f/ towards them quickly, with idea to
help. Had stopped about only a couple seconds. Object was like aluminum--it was
whitish against the mesa background, but not chrome. Seemed like #### in shape
and I at f/f/f first glance took it to be overturned white car. Car appeared turned up
like standing on radiator or on trunk, at this first glance.

The only time I saw these two persons was when I had stopped, for possibly
two seconds or so, to glance at the object. I don't recall noting any particular shape
or possibly any f/f/f hats, or headgear. These persons appeared normal in shape--
but possibly they were small adults or large kids.

Then paid attention to road while drove towards scene. Radioed to sheriff's office
Socorro 2 to Socorro, possible 10-44 (accident), I'll be 10-6 (busy) out of the car,
checking the car down in the arroyo.

Stopped car, was still talking on radio, started to get out, mike fell down, reached back t
put up mike, then replaced radio mike in slot, got out of car and started to go down
to where knew the object (car) was.

Hardly turned around from car, when heard roar (was not a p/f/f/ exactly a blast), very
loud roar--at that close was real loud. Not like a jet--knows what jets sound like.
Started low frequency quickly, then roar rose in frequency (higher tone) and in loudness--
from loud to very loud. At same time saw flame. Flame was under the object.
Object was starting to go straight up--slowly up. Object slowly rose straight up.
Flame was light blue and at bottom was sort of orange color. From this angle, saw
what might be the side of object (not end, as first noted). Difficult to describe
flame. Thought, from roar, it might blow up. Flame might have come from underside of
object, at middle, possibly a four feet area--very rough guess. Cannot describe flame
further except blue and orange. No smoke, except dust in immediate area.

As soon as saw flame and heard roar, turned away, run away from object but did
turn head towards object. Bumped leg on car--back fender area. Car facing southwest.
Glasses fell to ground, left them there. Ran to north--car between him and object.


- page 134 -

I apologize, but there is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a rocky, grassy landscape with various rock formations and vegetation. The image is quite grainy and high-contrast, making details difficult to discern clearly.


- page 135 -

and I noted the brush was burning in several places. At that time I heard Sgt. Chavez
(N M State Police at Socorro) calling me on radio for my location, and I returned to
my car, old him he was looking at me. Then Sgt. Chavez came up, asked me what the
trouble was, because I was sweating and he told me I was white, very pale. I asked
the Sgt. to see what I saw, and that was the burning brush.   Then Sgt. Chavez and
I went to the spot, and Sgt. Chavez pointed out the tracks.

When I first saw the object (when I thought it might be a car) I saw what
appeared to be two legs of some type from the object to the ground. At the time,
I didn't pay much attention to what it was--I thought it was an accident--I saw the
the two persons. I didn't pay much attention to the two "legs". The two "legs"
were at the bottom of the object, slanted outwards to the ground. The object might
have been about three and a half feet from the ground at that time. I just glanced at it.
Can't tell how long saw object second time (the "closer" time), possibly 20 seconds--
just a guess--from time got out of car, glanced at object, ran from object, jumped
over edge of hill, then got back to car and radio as object disappeared.   two or three
As my mike fell as I got out of car, mumble at scene area, I heard about mumble loud "thumps," like someone possibly hammering or shutting mumble a door or doors hard.
These "thumps" were possibly a second or less apart. This was just before the roar.
The persons were not seen when I got up to the scene area.

Just before Sgt. Chavez got to scene, I got my pen and drew a picture of the insignia
on the object.


- page 137 -

Distances from Object

First Sighting of Flame. Approx 1/4 Mile.

First Sighting of Object with Rocket(2)
By Object- 1.5 Miles

2nd Sighting of Object 10 3FT.
Where: "Insignia" Observed.

"Object" Started to Depart or
Lift off Surface

3rd Sighting of Object Approx. 2.0 OFT.
Where: Object Left Surface

Object Depart


- page 138 -

FOOTPRINTS
- IN SOFT SAND

Note: 1 SET OF
PRINTS IN AREA
OF # 4 INDENTATION

Note: - Possibly More
OUTLINES DESTROYED BY PERSONNEL
IN AREA.

Depth 2"

Depth 1/2"
POSSIBLE END OF PRINT
UNDETERMINED DUE TO TYPE OF SOIL


- page 139 -

Here is the text from the document:

Apparent Direction of Burn or Heat

Examination Carried Area 5,6,
34 Indicated That:
1) 2 Had Heat Applied
In a Straight or Almost
Straight Down Direction-

#3 & #4 Had Heat
Applied Intle Vectors
Indicated Approx.-
This Was Determined (Estimated)
By Examination of Grass
Roots & Bushes in the Area.

Note: No Other Indications of
A Blast- i.e. A Thrust Force-
Were Noted- No Other Charring,
Indentations or Area Disturbances
Were Noted!


- page 140 -

Text found in the document:

FIRST VIEW OF THE OBJECT
FROM APPROXIMATELY .15 MILES
LOOKING DOWN ON IT

L.Z.

The image appears to be a hand-drawn sketch of an object, with some handwritten notes around the sketch.


- page 141 -

Sketch of Object
From My Position
At Approximately 103 Ft.-

[The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of an oval or egg-shaped object with concentric circles, with a small triangular or arrow-like marking in the center. There appears to be a signature or writing at the bottom of the sketch, but it is partially illegible.]


- page 142 -

Text found in the document:

Dirt Burn

F-9 7½"

General Area of
Footprints

No Other Indentations
Found.

#1, #2, #3 Well Defined - As
Though Wt Placed Directly
And Removed Directly.

#4 5" Des Defined - Burn
And Internal Base Not As
Well Defined - As Though Wt
Rocked Up.

The document contains a hand-drawn diagram with various measurements and annotations, along with some additional notes at the bottom of the page.


- page 143 -

Observed "INSIGNA"
Located Approximately AT
CENTER OF OBJECT AS
SEEN FROM ABOVE - SIDE

[A hand-drawn circular diagram with an arrow-like shape near the top center and a black scribbled area in the lower part of the circle]

This is the design I observed


- page 144 -

Sketch made by patrolman
Approximately 5 min after object
departed.


- page 145 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a rocky, grassy terrain. The landscape is rugged, with exposed rock formations and scattered vegetation. The photograph seems to be taken from a slightly elevated perspective, showing various textures of rocks, grass, and small plants or shrubs. The image is grainy and has high contrast, typical of older photographic techniques.

There is some text visible on the rock surface, but it is partially illegible due to the image quality. The parts I can make out are:

"...CHED AREA"

The rest of the text is too blurry or obscured to read with certainty.


- page 146 -

FLYING SAUCER RESEARCH ORGANIZATION
Secretary-Treasurer
KEITH JENKINS

489 Division Avenue
Carteret, New Jersey
U. S. A.

May 3, 1964

White Sands Missile Range
Stallion Range
Capt. Richard Holder, uprange commander
New Mexico

Dear Capt. Holder,

As a private flying saucer investigative group, we would like to request information about the April 24th UFO sighting made by Socorro Police-man Lonnie Zamora. We would appreciate your sending all possible information.

If, for any reason, you are unable to send information, we would like a statement from you explaining the exact reason for your act of withholding information.

If you do not answer this letter, we will assume that it is a deliberate attempt to censor information.

Hoping to hear from you soon, I am....

Yours in research,
Keith Jenkins
KJ/436A                                    Keith Jenkins
                                            Secretary-Treasurer of F.S.R.O.

atch-4


- page 147 -

This case includes
Fourteen (14) 3x5 B & W Negatives


- page 148 -

Here is the text from the document:

'Saucer' Sighting Has
Canyon Ferry Buzzin'

By KEN PAYTON
Staff Writer

The story was made to order
for pushers of the Ray Bradbury's science fiction novel "The Outer Limits." You got on a story like this, if you're a pushover, and you have that gnawing feeling that you hope it's the real thing, just this once, please, so you'll have something to tell your grandchildren about.

A flying saucer, or at least four holes where it once rested, and a burned area where the exotic rocket fuel scorched the earth!

But, lo, then you see the rather drab scene amid grass, cactus, and sage brush on a peninsula above Canyon Ferry Village. It's about 20 miles by road southeast of Helena.

Area Roped Off

There were not a great many people here, but one thing is certain, Mr. and Mrs. G. D. Davis's pathway from their yard to the roped-off area about 200 feet away will never be the same after this is all over.

Davis is the Canyon Ferry project superintendent and his children, Linda, 11, and Tom 15, are supposed to be the first who saw whatever it was land and take off.

All day Thursday there was a wire gate through the Davis front yard, past the corner of their house, and through a wire gate to the scene of the unidentified flying object.

Linda saw a glow on her bed, room curtains at about 9:30 Wednesday night. She ran into her parents' bedroom, woke her father and other children were playing, and then together she and her brother ran to the back fence.

Egg-shaped Object

They saw an egg-shaped object about the size of an automobile, with a bright white glow. Tom said the object lifted off the ground and sped south across the reservoir with a whirring noise. He said it disappeared in about 15 seconds.

The scene certainly did not look like a launching pad, but for the benefit of the pushovers, who knows how people from Mars or Venus fly around the universe.

The four holes, where a space object presumably rested, kept about a foot across, and the burned area, deep and dark, was about six square yards in area. An investigation would be interesting with such a tantalizing machine as a flying saucer.

Continued on page 2

[Photograph caption] WOULDN'T — Sightseers on the bank of Canyon Ferry Reservoir look into the area where children Wednesday night said a flying saucer landed. Tom and Linda Davis, their home in the background, were the first to see it. Their father, G. D. Davis, Canyon Ferry superintendent, placed the wooden frame-works over the holes believed made when unidentified object landed. Tribune photo.


- page 149 -

Here is the text from the document:

2 Great Falls Tribune Friday, May 1, 1964

'Saucer' Sighting Has Canyon Ferry Buzzin'
(Continued from page 1)

[Partial text continues but is cut off on the right side of the page]

Rights Trend Encourages Mansfield
WASHINGTON (AP) - Senate Majority Leader Mike Mansfield, DeMont., expressed some confidence Thursday that jury trial amendments to the civil rights bill can be brought to a vote next week without trying to invoke cloture.

"Very encouraged" was the way Mansfield pictured the outlook for getting a vote without that well. I look my

[Right side of text is cut off]

Additional partial quotes/fragments visible:
- "...deputy. Larry Lytle, chief..."
- "I know what I thought I saw last night..." 
- "...Gene Marinetti of Radio Station KMON sat down to tape..."

The document appears to be a newspaper article from the Great Falls Tribune dated May 1, 1964, discussing a UFO sighting at Canyon Ferry and a secondary article about civil rights legislation.


- page 150 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

tempt.
As dickering over this went
on behind the scene, the Senate
rolled through its 44th day of
debate on the House-passed bill.
And Sen. Hubert H. Humphrey,
D-Minn., floor manager for the
measure, predicted there will
be amendments and that President Johnson will accept some
changes.

This apparently was an official change in the administration's stand that the bill must
be passed by the Senate with
no changes. There had previously been definite indications the
supporters of the measure, including administration officials,
were reconciled to accepting
several changes.

Sen. John Sherman Cooper,
R-Ky., introduced an amendment which would exempt state
officials from automatic jury
trials in civil rights cases.

His amendment would modify
the one calling for jury trials in
all criminal contempt cases,
which was introduced by Sen.
Herman Talmadge, D-Ga.

'Skin Magic' Seized
WASHINGTON (AP) - The
Food and Drug Administration
announced Thursday seizure of
a quantity of "Helene Curtis
magic secret" wrinkle-smoothing
skin lotion" on charges that it
is a new drug not covered by an
approved application and is
being marketed under false
claims.

Great Falls Tribune
Montana's Best News Gatherer
Established May 14, 1885

Published every morning by The Tribune,
Great Falls, Montana. Entered at the
Great Falls, Mont., Postoffice as second
class mail matter.

Alexander Warden, Publisher
R. D. Worden, Exec.-Editor

something he would be aching
to tell all about it. Now everyone
is waiting for him to come
home."

Apparently all of the children
in the area heard Wednesday
night about the flying object in
New Merloo before the object
was sighted in Canyon Ferry.

A Helena newspaper looks for
a saucer to show up in the
Vigilante Day parade in Helena
today. Another put forth the
idea what would it look like at
night to see a giant, plastic bag
blown up and then set on fire.
Especially if you're an 11-year
old girl in your bedroom or a
15-year-old boy full of imagination.

Like Gopher Holes
"They look like gopher
holes!" one teen-age girl sighteer said.

Carrying a camera down a
main street in Helena you
would hear a bright-eyed freckle face, "Hey, did you see the
flying saucer?"

And you wish you could
really say yes, or you saw
something that really looked
like where one landed.

Now for a week the reports
will come in. Mrs. Julia Kelly,
620 1st Ave. SW, said she saw
an object fly over Wednesday
going toward Helena. It was
about 1:30 or 2 p.m. "I thought
what is that crazy thing,"
she said.

Sightings of unidentified flying objects in the Great Falls
area have been common occurrences for Eleanor Kim Marsh,
8808 9th Ave. S. She has repeatedly attempted to convince authorities that she
has been the objects but to no
avail. Her first sighting was on
April 4. Since then she has
kept a continuous log of
sightings on her calendar. A
number of them move about in
the vicinity of the Belt Mountains.

Newsmen are naturally skeptics, but there's some optimism
in them. Wouldn't it be great
to see a flying saucer.


- page 151 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 1ST ONE A WEEK END IN APRIL 1964
   Day       Month     Year

2. Time of day: 8:30
   (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
   (Circle One): a. Eastern
                b. Central
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

   (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                b. Standard
                AND

4. Where were you when you saw the object? FREMONT CALIF.
   Nearest Post/City: SOME SIGHTINGS A PRESERVATION EACH NIGHT

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
   a. Certain
   b. Fairly certain
   c. Not very sure
   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? STARTED LOOKING ABOUT 8:30 PM AND STOP FOR BED AT 5 AM
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   SECOND OBJECT
   a. Bright
   b. Cloudy

   NIGHT
   a. Bright
   b. Cloudy

   OVER YEARS TIME SOME NIGHT - CLEAR SOME CLOUDY

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One): a. In front of you
                b. In back of you
                c. To your right

                d. To your left
                e. Overhead
                f. Don't remember

   NOT THE FIRST ONE SECOND ONE YES

FORM
FTD 164 (Jul 61) This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 152 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None - SOMETIMES     a. Bright moonlight - HIGHER
    b. A few -              b. Dull moonlight - FURTHER
    c. Many -               c. No moonlight - pitch dark - BACK
    d. Don't remember - CLEAR STARS TIME

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):     WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky - OVER     a. Dry
    b. Scattered - YEARS    b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Scattered clouds     c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Thick or heavy clouds    d. Snow
                            e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):    NAKED EYE - LIGHT
    a. Solid - BRIGHT       a. As a light
    b. Transparent          b. Don't remember
    c. Vapor                BINOCULARS - IN
                            TELESCOPE - AROUND
                            ANGLE(ED)

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): YES
    a. Brighter
    b. Dimmer               c. About the same
                            d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
    FLASHLIGHT AT END OF LONG DARK TUNNEL

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred - NAKED EYE
    b. Like a bright star - BINOCULARS
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember        TELESCOPE

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)    OVER YEARS SIGHTING
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?    Yes    No    Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?    Yes    No    Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?    Yes    No    Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?    Yes    No    Don't know
    e. Change brightness?    Yes    No    Don't know
    f. Change shape?    Yes    No    Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?    Yes    No    Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?    Yes    No    Don't know
                                    - IT BRACTED CUT-


- page 153 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? - YES - WHEN PLANES CAME NEAR IT - IT BLACKED OUT LIGHTING UP AGAIN - AFTER PLANES LEFT THIS INCLUDING ALL NIGHTS - EVERY YEAR.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes [ ] No [X] Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: ________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes [ ] No [X] Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: BLIT ON CLOUDY NIGHTS - CLOUDS MOVED IN FRONT OF IT.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: - NONE -
b. Color: SEEN THROUGH SCOPE - COLORS FLOWED THIN
NEW BRIGHT THEN TOP.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the head: WOULD ALMOST COVER A POSTAGE STAMP AT 3 YARDS AWAY. APPROX. WITH MY EYESIGHT - STAMP WITH WHITE HOUSE AND FLAG.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn circle with an arrow pointing up]

THROUGH SCOPE - NO EXHAUST
NO VAPOR TRAILS
NO WINGS
NO PROTRUSIONS
NO NOTHING - JUST PLAIN
ROUND-

ALSO SEE
NOTES ON
DIRECTION


- page 154 -

HEADQUARTERS
341ST COMBAT SUPPORT GROUP
UNIT TO PATRICK AFB, FLORIDA
MALMSTROM AIR FORCE BASE, MONTANA

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: BDO

SUBJECT: UFO at Canyon Ferry Reservoir, Montana

TO: Capt Quintanilla
Hq FTD (TDEN/DRO)
Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio

14 MAY 1964

Transmitted herewith are photographs of the scene of subject UFO
at Canyon Ferry Reservoir, Montana. Reference per telcon this
date, the attached message for your information, IAW AFR 200-2,
was inadvertently missed to AFSC in lieu of AFIC.

FOR THE COMMANDER

HAROLD L. NEUFELD
Lt Colonel, USAF
Base Director of Operations

2 Atch
1. Msg. (BDO 24121)
2. Photographs


- page 155 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? - 
(Circle One)   Yes   No   BUT-ANY-PERSON CAN-AT-MATH CAN FIGURE IT OUT-

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   PERSON-GOOD AT-TRIANGULATION CAN-

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)   WE WERE-BACK YARD
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) FREMONT CALIF
e. At sea
f. Other PLEASANTON CALIF SECOND DISTRICT

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?   OBJECT SIGHTED IN OPEN SPACES-
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)   OVER VEHICLE SIGHTING SOME VIEWS SIGHTED
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   BOTH OBJECTS ALSO-SMALL ONES

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No   f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   h. Other   UNAIDED EYE-YES

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
SMALL ONES - CHRISTMAS TREE LIGHTS
NAKED-EYE-LARGE-OBJECT   RED/GREEN
SMALL FLUORESCENT LIGHT-   OF COLOR-ROCKETING
-UNTIL-VIEWED-THROUGH-SCOPE


- page 156 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, Imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place on "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

EVERY YEAR-TIME PATTERN LINED-ERRATIC-
FIRST 9 HOWEVER
GENERAL - BRIGHT
CURVE SLIGHT NEW 15 MILES - BRIGHT
HOME

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

LARGE ONES OVER YEARS TIME -
BEHIND PLANT 3 OR 4 A NIGHT
EARLY ONE MORNING - LARGE ONE SEEMED
IN TROUBLE - COUNT 5-6 AROUND IT
THERE MAY HAVE BEEN MORE
SUN-UP - BY THEN BUT OBJECTS
COULD BE SEEN

Additional handwritten notes on the compass diagram:
RED AND
GREEN
SMALL
OBJECT
LARGE
FIRST
LAST-
UNTIL I
TIRED OF
WATCHING
ALMOST 2 HOURS
AFTER


- page 157 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
BEFORE APRIL-1940 - AFTER MAY 1965 - OVER PLEASANTON-YES-

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses: TOO MANY TO MENTION- SOME I DO NOT KNOW- ONLY WORK WITH- CAN OBTAIN SOME NAMES AND ADDRESSES - IF REQUIRED-ADDRESS MAY BE OBTAINED AT OFFICES

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
[Personal details are redacted/blacked out]
ADDRESS: GEN. DELIVERY, PLEASANTON, CALIF.
AGE: 46   SEX: MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
SOME AIRCRAFT RECOGNITION IN ARMY 1946 - 1945-

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
NO REPLY - FOR THE POWERS THAT BE - CALL EVERY ONE A-CRACKPOT IN 4 LT. OR OTHER-


- page 158 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:     20 SEPT. 1965
    SIGHTED OBJECTS WELL OVER A YEAR - YEAR 1964

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I have watched the object arising for well over a years time.

Note on question 19. Over a years time, as stated in the one question 28. The object which arises, has no set pattern, and when first sightings were made the object arose as almost straight up. Lately, as time permitted me to watch it, and as I drive much further now to and from work, the objects seems to be on my right when I leave the plant, and after driving some 15 miles northwest, which should put the object well on my left, the object is well on my right and in the rear of me when I arrive home.

I have shown this object to men who served in the Air Force have tried to show others, army, Navy, and any who might be interested in as aid U.P.O.S. quite a few men on picket duty saw large object arising over the hill in the rear of P. ant at Fremont, California during strike in 1964.

Hear may evident includes the following:

A friend, knows of a man who works for the water *ptat, has told me they were missing three thousand gallon of water per day from the pipe line between the San Joaquin Valley, and the Calaveras Reservoir. They could not account for the lost water.

Some three weeks after this information was passed to me, they had a news broad cast over a T.V. Station, they had found a leak in a pipe at GEARY AND MARKET STS. San Francisco.

It seems to me, that a leak in the pipe of that size would sure raise something, by washing out under the pavement, and collapsing the street.

Over a years time-- First we spotted the small one( Red and Green*Flashing) and it was while watching that, we saw the large one going up.

On top of the hill in the rear of P. M. is a lone tree.

We were sitting in the yard at St. Fremont, Calif. when My wife saw the Flashes. She went in and brought it out a pair of small binoculars. It was while looking at it, the larger object arose from behind the hill.

This object seen through a 40x60 scope- is round.

(OVER)


- page 159 -

and if viewed and watched close, four colors can be seen-
red- blue- pink- green- arising from the bottom to the top.

Also the small objects if viewed through a scope, colors
Red-Blue-Pink-Green- can be seen faintly rising up from
the bottom to the top.

I made a standing offer- over a year ago. It still stands.

Do you want to see a U.F.O.?
Do you have the time?
Do you have a good camera?
Do you have any other equipment?
Can you figure Triangleation?

I have scope- Bioculars- but you can see it with naked eye.

Set up any equipment in my back yard. If more than one might
is needed, leave your equipment, it will be safe. Come back at
any time you wish, I can show you it.

You may need help to see it the first time, but I can almost
guarantee to show you one, almost every night- I have time to
work with you.

Saturday night, and sunday night are the best for me, after
I get off from work, 2124, West mo outside of G.M., At present
no binoculars, no scope, no nothing, Naked eye. However scope
will be brought in, if you tell me in time.

*that is standing offer I made, it still stand.


- page 160 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

13 SEP 1965

Dear [redacted]

Attached is FTD Form 164 which is used for reporting observations of unidentified flying objects to the Air Force. In order for the Air Force to evaluate these reports, this form should be completed as fully as possible and returned to this office.

Sincerely,
SARA HUNT
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
FTD Form 164

Mr [redacted]
General Delivery
Pleasanton, California


- page 161 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Observations

TO: Hq USAF SAF/OICC (Mrs Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

Reference the attached unidentified flying object report from
by regarding his observations. The objects reported
characteristic of observations of stars and
planets. The first object in the northeast is the star Capella,
the second object at 060 degrees azimuth is the planet Jupiter and
the third object rising at 080 degrees azimuth is the star Betelgeuse.
Jupiter will be visible at about 9:30 pm and Betelgeuse at about 10 pm.
The star Capella will appear at 025 degree azimuth at 6 pm and it
may not be visible until the sun has completely set.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
UFO Rpt.

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!


- page 162 -

United States Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

Enclosed find the form issued to any one who claims to have sighted a U.F.O.

Perhaps if I were not so damned bitter against any one who sits behind a desk, and says, "The people are "Crackpots, nuts and having illisations, perhaps I could write a much better letter. However those people and their explanations they try to feed the general public, I have my own opinion of.

I have read a book, put out by a high ranking Colonel in the air corp, who tried to explain a way a sighting in Ohio, by saying the COAST GUARD, signalede a Ship on a foggy night with the ships spot light.

Having lived in New York Harbor, area, I heard the ships fog horns every time it not foggy, and if the COAST GUARD did not hear or FOG HORNS, I think it is about time they learned.

However that is his explanation and I hope this form does not fall into a ny hands such as the Colonel who wrote that Book.

"Well over a year ago, I have made a standing offer.

This is it.

Do you want to see a U.F.O. any night in the week?
Have you any equipment that can test it over a distance sighting?
I can point it out, if you have the time to wait.

Can you take any pictures of it?
Can you "triangle" in "atha mathics?

See it with the naked eye, telescope, Binoculars, or any way you prefer. Set your equipment up in my back yard, leave it, and come back to-morrow night and finish your tests.

If one night is not enough- take a week.

That is the offer I made and still stands.


- page 163 -

Here is the text from the document:

Now, after sighting this object, and several others, (large ones) and many small ones, I am going to really try and think back over a year ago for the first time, and would like to explain one thing.

Sighting it every night, and watching it, and seeing an erratic pattern, to you it may sound confusing a little, but I shall try and be as simple, and plain as I can be.

If however you desire to bring along any equipment, or photo camera, or a my other tests you may want, please remember MY OWN TIME IS VERY LIMITED. But just come ahead, and may be you can take over after I go out to work for my daily wages.

I have lived [redacted] Fremont, California.

I now live at Pleasanton, California, and still see the objects.

One large one, over the year has changed the pattern of flight, and to see what I mean, I could show rather than tell in a letter.

I have counted as many as three, from the same general area, arising in one night.

A lot of my co-workers at General Motors, have also sighted these.

I have told others to watch for the large one, but they did not recognize it perhaps when they have seen it. It does look like a star, after it is up aways.

It moves slowly, and must be watched, constantly to and compared to a stationary object, like the roof of G.M. to see if it going up.

Recently having moved to Pleasanton, I have shown several people through a pair of 7x50 binoculars, another object. (Large) The same kind as rises at the plant area. This is not the same one.

Altho a scope or binoculars are not needed, to see this.

I shall fill the form out, and if you would like to take any tests, or desire any further information, for over years sighting, I will try and oblige.

General Delivery
Pleasanton, California.

P.S. I have heard of several other sightings over near Santa Cruz, California area, but the same ones lower and shorter. Slightly nervous.


- page 164 -

Here is the text from the document:

Gentlemen:
I was promised a list & copies
of your questions with on W. H. Co.
A new ling you down -

Sine. Rec.
Proclamation
City

United States City Force
City Technical Intelligence Command
21 Aug 64 - Petition Faced
Dayton, Ohio

[Note: There is a partially obscured postal stamp and a signature at the bottom right of the document]


- page 165 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

ZCZCCLB4462CWJC94B
PR RUGAGL
DE RUMBUR 1 34/2330Z
ZNR
R 242352
FM SAIGCTSPTP MALMSROM AFB MONT
TO RUCGALE/ADC
RUCMAG/CSAFW RICHARD SEBAUS AFB MC
RUEAGL/AFCG
RUEAGL/OCAD USAF
INFO RUCG/MAC
RUEHSA/SAF MARCH AFB CALIF
RUCHEL/621SAR ELLSORTH AFB S DAK

UNCLAS BK 24121 FOR FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIV ATTN "INT"
THE SAIGON UNCLASSIFIED INVESTIGATION CONDUCTED BY COL
HAROLD L NEUFELD IAW AF REG 200-2 AND IS IN SIX PARTS. PART 1.
AGE 13, FIVE OF THE SIX ALLEGED "EYE
WITNESSES WERE INTERVIEWED. TWENTY HOURS OF INTERVIEW
REPORTED AN UFO AND RELATED SUBSTANTIAL AS FOLLOWS: BETWEEN
24022 AND 25022 SO APL CA IN THE CANYON FERRY RESERVOIR, MONTANA
THEY ALLEGEDLY SAW A GLOWING WHITE OBJECT ABOU THE SIZE OF A LARGE
CAR RESTING ON THE EARTH APPROXIMATELY ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY (150)

PAGE 2 RUMJR 1 UNCLAS
FEET FROM THE AREA WHERE THEY WERE PLAYING HIDE-AND-SEEK. THE
WITNESSES STATE THEY DID SEE THE OBJECT DESCEND TO EARTH. THE ONLY
WITNESSES THIS LAST 20 FEET OF DESCENT. ALL WITNESSES DESCRIBED
AS BEING OVAL OR EGG SHAPE WHICH GLOWED. THEY STATE THE OBJECT
REMAINED ON THE GROUND FOR A PERIOD OF A FEW SECONDS. NOT OVER
SIXTY SECONDS. WHEN THE OBJECT DEPARTED TWO WITNESSES DESCRIBE
IT AS MOVING SLOWLY THEN FAST TO NEARLY FIFTY TO SIXTY FEET, THEN
MOVING SOUTHWARD AT SPEED. ESTIMATED AT FIFTY TO SIXTY FEET WHEN
VERY FAST LIKE A ROCKET. THESE WITNESSES STATED THAT WHEN IT LEFT
THE GROUND IT PROCEEDED IMMEDIATELY AT AN ANGLE OF THIRTY TO FORTY-
FIVE DEGREES HEADING SOUTHWEST. AFTER MOMENTARY STOP WHEN IT
DISAPPEARED FROM VIEW MOMENTARILY TO AFTER SIXTY SECOND, REAP-
PEARED, THE FIFTH WITNESS SAID THE SUBJECT MADE A U-TURN AND HOVERED
OVERHEAD FOR ANY UNDETERMINED TIME BEFORE DISAPPEARING. THE
ESTIMATED LOCATION WAS CANYON FERRY RESERVOIR, MONTANA, APPROXI-
MATELY NORTHWEST OF HELENA, MONTANA. THE OBJECT WAS DESCRIBED
WHEN THE OBJECT DEPARTED AS BEING VERY BRIGHT, ALMOST BLINDING
WHEN IT WAS AT THE PLACE WHERE THE OBJECT ALLEGEDLY RESTED UPON THE

PAGE 3 RUMJR 3 UNCLAS
GROUND THERE WERE FOUR HOLES AND A BURNED PATCH AS FOLLOWS:
MEASUREMENTS PATTERN WERE 13 FT 12 IN, 13 FT 6 IN AND 13 FT
NEXT 2660 IN AND 14 FT 4 IN. DIAGONALLY THE MEASUREMENTS WERE AT


- page 166 -

Information Only
Source:

Missoula, Montana
April

MORE SAUCER LANDINGS IN MONTANA! According to a weird story in the Missoulian-Sentinel, in Missoula, Montana, flying saucers have been landing frequently at a farm near there ever since early last April. Mr. and Mrs. Allen Lund, who live on the slopes of a mountain, say that the object has landed within a few hundred feet of their house and has aimed a searchlight through the windows, "in an apparent attempt to see what we look like." The Lunds describe the object as "a large top-shaped ship with a row of lights around its circumference." It also has a single large light on its slightly rounded bottom surface.

There have been many side-effects of these frequent visitations. Before the landings began, wild game such as doe and bear used to visit their property, but not since then. Each landing frightens their dogs and horses, causing the latter to stampede. Every time the UFO is in the vicinity, their oil furnace lights itself, with no apparent explanation. But strangest of all is the fact that their son, only 32 years old, has told his parents of a man with whom he talks alone in the barn. He has told the man's name, but Mrs. Lund says it's almost unpronounceable. The child refuses to allow anyone else to be present on these occasions, and is sometimes away for hours at a time. Each time they boy says "to see the man," the dogs run into the house and the oil furnace lights. Television interference has also been noticed during the saucer visitations, which have continued at almost regular intervals for several months!


- page 167 -

Information Only
Source: The UFO Reporter, Summer Issue, 1964

Tacoma, Washington
4 April 1964

TACOMIANS SEE WEIRD OBJECT

Tacoma, Washington, April 4 - A mysterious pink object passed directly over Tacoma at 7:15 p.m.

Witnesses included Mrs. A.H. Porter and her daughter Frances, 21, who were reported driving west on 11th Street, when they first spotted the object.

The UFO was described as appearing somewhat like an airplane when it first came into view. It was circular and a "shocking pink" in color, and was traveling in a north to south direction. Slowly moving, the object apparently vanished while in full view near the vicinity of the KINT-TV tower.

Jason Lee Junior High School students Dan Watson and Theresa Marzano, both 13, were looking out of a window at the home of Richard Watson, when they observed the object above the television tower. They stated that the UFO was a raddi-purple color, and was travelling southward.

One report asserts that fragments were seen to fall from the object, just prior to its disappearance. McChord Air Force Base authorities and city police could offer no explanation for the strange phenomenon.


- page 168 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a hand-drawn sketch or illustration depicting what seems to be some kind of cylindrical object or structure, with some smaller objects or figures in the foreground. The drawing is in black and white with a sketchy, rough style.


- page 169 -

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many question as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any retransmit, conclusion, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
FRIDAY LATTER PART APRIL 1964
(Day)    (Month)   (Year)

2. Time of day: 11 :30
(Circle One) Hours   Minutes   A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern    (Circle One) a. Daylight Saving
b. Central                b. Standard
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? DORION, WEST-HALF-FLAT 10, CON.8
GENERAL DELIVERY   DORION         City or Town    ONTARIO, CANADA
Nearest Postal Address                            State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)   15
(Circle One) a. Certain    c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess

Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?   BY CLOCK IN CABIN
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright          a. Bright
b. Cloudy          b. Cloudy
(Circle One)       (Circle One)

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you    d. To your left
b. In back of you   e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 64 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 170 -

FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight—pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: CLOSEST THOUGHT WOULD
BE LIKE THE RAY OF A FLASH-LIGHT HELD ABOVE
TO SOME POINT DOWN UPON A SURFACE.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other:

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 171 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO form continued                                                   Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?    ONLY BY SAYING IT WENT SUDDENLY AND FASTER THAN ANY AIRCRAFT HAVE KNOWN

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?    ABOVE CLOUDS.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building    AT LOC
b. In a car
c. Outdoors (FIELD, NEAR)
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other:

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?    FIELD, CLEAR-
d. Near an airfield?        ING
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?    BUST COUNTRY
g. Other:

24. IF YOU WERE MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)    a. North    b. East    c. South    d. Southeast    e. West    f. Southwest    g. Northwest    h. Northeast

24.2 How far were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes   No    f. Binoculars    Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No    g. Telescope     Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No    h. Theodolite    Yes   No
d. Window glass  Yes   No    i. Other:    EYES

26. To order to give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, towards a common object or ob-
ject which you can place in the sky, would you give the same appearance and size as:

A FLASH-LIGHT    IDENTIFIED
RAY OF LIGHT     RAY OF LIGHT
ERS OF EXTEND-   CLEAR, NO
ING RINGS.       EXTENDED RINGS.


- page 172 -

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
LIGHT SUDDENLY WENT STRAIGHT DUE NORTH, EAST DIRECTION AND AT VERY FAST CLIP, CLIMBED HIGHER WITH ACCELERATION (STRAIGHT UP)

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
I moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly clouds?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: NO, BECAUSE IT STAYED BEHIND THE HEAVY CLOUDS (CLOUDY) ALL THE TIME.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: NONE
b. Color: A CLEAR UNCLARING WHITE LIGHT, YET BRIGHT

18. [Text for this section is mostly blank/empty]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can recall, particularly actual trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch shows a conical/triangular shape with text describing the object's motion]

LIGHT YAWED AND WOBBLED IN A CIRCULAR MOTION, BACKED OFF AND CAME FORWARD AGAIN, STOPPING ALWAYS JUST BEFORE US, AS IF OBSERVING US.


- page 173 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

FAMILY'S AGREEMENT SIGHTING, MY FIRST SIGHTING, OVERHEAD

SON'S REPORT OF HIS FIRST SIGHTING

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

P.S. Very about the compass. I know my own mind but of not sharing same.


- page 174 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names:
HUSBAND-
SON
DAUGHTER
SMALLER SON

PORT ARTHUR, ONT.

DAUGHTER NOW LIVES AT PORT ARTHUR.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS PORT ARTHUR, ONTARIO, CANADA
TELEPHONE AGE 46 SEX FEMALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
LATER IN SUMMER SEASON AT TWILIGHT, BACKING FROM DRIVE WAY OF OUR RESIDENCE (MCINTYRE RD) SAW SLOW MOVING OBJECT WITH STRANGE BEAUTIFUL (VERY DARK OR DARKER) BLUE LIGHTS (SEEMED CIRCULAR) MOVING SLOWLY, (ABOUT HEIGHT OF AIRCRAFT INTENDING AND MAKING LANDING.) NEVER SEEN SAME AGAIN. STOPPED CAR TO WATCH. VERY BEAUTIFUL BLUE HUED LIGHTS - DAUGHTER WITH ME.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
HUSBAND TOLD A COUPLE OF DORION RESIDENTS, WERE SKEPTICAL. THOUGHT HE HAD A FEW SCREWS LOOSE.

[There are some partially illegible handwritten notes at the bottom of the page.]


- page 175 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UFO form continued
Page 8

door front. my daughter yelled. I stepped
outside as my daughter closed the door. After
surveying the strange light I went back inside
to get my daughter to come as it too just was was
visible. I made the bed covers shivering with fear
knowing she wouldn't come from back outside again.
I went outside light was back a bit, wobbling. I
moved further out to observe and it
moved up a bit in a strange circular
motion at the same time having a
wobbling motion. It stopped just
before day. My first reaction I was
kind of prickly sensation. I was raising on my
pillow with the same sensation. I suddenly
have the advantage so this strange thing only
and see what will happen. I just put my faith in my
God, whatever it should be. I would be prepared.
The light faded off as if going to hide again.
I stepped in awhile. I believe I started in front
of my room, wobbled about as if I started in front
then suddenly again died away and drew
very near to me. I felt partly direct
first. And this without a partly direct
I am convinced this was a beam or ray of
some type of light from a strange craft and certain
it is not from our earth because of its strange behavior.
I had the feeling of eyes. I had a strange feeling
I am a logical reasoning person and do not
lean toward fantasy and like facts.


- page 176 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

4 IN AND 17 FT ZERO IN. THE BURNED SPOT WAS SOMEWHAT OVAL AND APPROX 14X17 FEET IN DIAMETER. THE HOLES DID NOT APPEAR TO HAVE BEEN CAUSED BY GREAT HEAT WHICH WAS NOTED. HOLES WERE APPROX 3 IN. IN DIAMETER. THE HOLES VARIED FROM 9 IN. TO 12 IN. IN DIAMETER. THE SMALLEST WAS 9 IN. IN DIAMETER. THE HOLES VARIED FIVE FEET FROM THE FOUR HOLES AND IN AN AREA WHICH SHOWED NO EVIDENCE OF DIGGING.

GROUND APPROX 200 FT FROM THE HOLES AT A VACANT PLOT OF GROUND APPROX 200 FT FROM THE HOLES. AT A LATER INTERVIEW AT FATHER'S RESIDENCE, WITNESSES CONTAINED SUCH VAGUE AND EVASIVE AND THEIR TESTIMONY WAS SO CONTRADICTORY THAT THE INTERROGATORS WOULD DEVIATE FROM THE POSITION THAT THEY DID SEE SOMETHING. FOUR WITNESSES

PAGE 4 RUMJUR 1 UNCLAS

DESCRIBED THE OBJECT AS BEING ROUND OR OVAL SHAPED WHICH WERE THE SIZES AND SHAPES LOCALLY REPORTED AS HAVING BEEN SEEN IN PREVIOUS DAYS. A FEW PARALLELED KNOWN SIGHTINGS OF THE ALLEGED SIGHTING IN NEW MEXICO AND ELSEWHERE. FOUR WITNESSES USED THE WORD "FLUORESCENT" TO DESCRIBE THE LIGHTING OF THE OBJECT. THE CONSISTENCIES INDICATED REHEARSING BY THE WITNESSES. THE ACCOUNTS OF ALL WITNESSES ADDED THOUGH WERE SCIENTIFIC WITNESSES IMMEDIATELY AFTER THE SIGHTING CONTAINED AS MANY DISCREPANCIES AS THERE WERE WITNESSES INTERVIEWED. ADDITIONALLY, NONE OF THE WITNESSES PARAPHRASED THEIR NOTES IN WRITING MORE THAN AN HOUR HAD ELAPSED FROM THE TIME OF SIGHTING. THE WITNESSES IMMEDIATELY NOTIFIED THE LOCAL RADIO STATION OF THE ALLEGED SIGHTING.

THE HIGH-SCHOOL CHILDREN IN THE HELENA, MONTANA AREA WERE EXCUSED FROM SCHOOL ON MAY 1. THE LOCAL SHERIFF DESCRIBES THIS AS A DAY ON WHICH MANY TEENS WERE PRANKS. SO CHILDREN, NO OTHER PERSON IN THE IMMEDIATE AREA HAS, TO OUR KNOWLEDGE, COME FORWARD WITH A COLLABORATING STORY THOUGH THE CHILDREN SAY THEY HAVE AT LEAST ONE BOAT IN THE STORY LAKE WITH FISHERMAN ABOARD. PART IV. WEATHER AND WINDS-CEILING 0 VISIBILITY 42 MILES. CLOUDS COVER 8 TENTHS. ALT-CU ESTIMATED 12000.

PAGE 5 RUMJUR 1 UNCLAS

1 TENT. CIRRUS. 1 SIG. 05032 12322 SCATTERED WITH LOWER SCATTERED 1 VISIBILITY 12 MILES. CLOUD COVER 1 TENTHS. ALT-CU. 2 CENTERS STATUS QC WILD. ALLOC NOT AVAILABLE HELENA FOR GREAT FALLS AT 062327 30 APRIL 53 FT 1190 DEGREES 5 KT; 12323 FT 192 DEGREES 15 KT; 16047 5 FT 1130 DEGREES 16 KT; 12323 FT 250 DEGREES 15 KT; 13823 FT 5730 DEGREES 32 KT; 12323 FT 192 DEGREES 15 KT; 13823 FT 5730 DEGREES 32 KT; 12323 FT 250 DEGREES 15 KT; 13823 FT 5730 DEGREES 32 KT; 12323 FT 250 DEGREES 15 KT.

HINDS: SURFACE WINDS 10 DEGREES AT 26 KT; 5 SURFACE THUNDER STORM REPORTED IN THE AREA. VERTICAL TEMP GRADIENT-VERY STEEP. PRESS GRADIENT INDICATING UNSTABLE ATMOSPHERE. NO INVERSION. PART V. TIME OF SIGHTING IS APPROXIMATELY 04392 32 APRIL. LIGHT CONDITIONS: NIGHT. LOCAL TIME: CANYON FERRY, MONTANA 05 DEGREE 39 MIN 111 DEGREES 45 MIN. PART VI. INVESTIGATING OFFICER WAS ACCOMPANIED BY LEGAL OFFICER 1 LT DAVIS MILLS AND 2 LT ANT OWN DEHAMS. INFORMATION OFFICER AND PHOTOGRAPHER. INVESTIGATION TEAM: CAPT FOUR, OURS OWN THE SCENE; INTERPRETER; WITNESSES. 3 CTO 1 TAKEN. PLUS DISTANCE OF AREA WILL BE FORWARDED BY MAJ AND INCLUDE COPIES OF LOCAL NEWSPAPER REPORTS. IT WOULD BE


- page 177 -

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 3 Month 1967 Day

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The sun was west, etc. a quarter section at Doran. That half of lot ten, Sec. eight 92 to the time my husband was cutting poles for a living and staying at three. The family residence was at 9778 Rigby Township, about a half mile from the city limits. I saw a strange light at Doran, such a one has - been, including what was home. I saw we were and something else. I was with my husband at the start this first week. I saw the strange light with my husband. We saw a strange light. I never saw, heard anything strange until this time of experience.

This particular night we decided to bring the whole family to Doran for the week end. On this night we arrived very late at the cabin in Doran. It was a very chilly night with low hanging clouds. I remember being the moon, possibly sometimes through gaps in the clouds. Even remember a wide halo showing through, around the moon.

We arrived, started a fire, carried on belonging food etc. While starting to prepare some thing to eat and get warmed, my husband and son went outside. After a few minutes they shouted for us to come out. The went to the floor and upon seeing the strange light practically at our


- page 178 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

WHEN I FIRST SAW IT, IT WAS COMING NEAR TOWARD US

[The rest of the text at the bottom is partially illegible]

The document contains a hand-drawn sketch with labels including:
- TRACTOR
- TREE LINE OF FOREST
- ALDER BRUSH

The sketch appears to depict a landscape scene with two stick figure-like people, a tractor, and various landscape elements.


- page 179 -

Here is the text from the document:

This is a picture - drawing from my mind in remembrance of his last sighting of the strange object (then 19 years, now 32 years)

I actually saw a ray of light come down from the sky (just moving) and reach toward the ground.

He (will-to-draw) has father's attention to it but some way, just now it was near them, that when they could be use to come "light" (A might was then 32 years at)


- page 180 -

The text I can discern in this image is:

N
NW
W
SW
S
SE
E
NE

These labels are part of a compass rose or directional diagram on the left side of the image. The rest of the image appears to be a schematic or diagram with various shapes, circles, and lines, but no additional legible text is visible.


- page 181 -

This picture-drawing just illustrates coming and going direction of object and its im- between performance.


- page 182 -

TRANSMITTAL OF REPORTS AND/OR REQUESTS FOR INFORMATION

SUBJECT: General Delivery, Pleasanton, California

DATE: 26 OCT 1965
FROM: AFISIC
FILE NO: 24-185-19-46

TO: AFSC (FTD) Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

ITEMS CHECKED ARE APPLICABLE TO ABOVE SUBJECT:
- Attached report(s) is/are forwarded pursuant to the telephone request of: [blank]
- Attached report(s) is/are for your information and any action deemed appropriate: XX

Agency checks indicated developed no unfavorable information as of: [table with blank columns]

INVESTIGATION IS CONTINUING and copies of all subsequent reports will be furnished.
FURTHER INVESTIGATION IS NOT CONTEMPLATED: XX

RETURN ATTACHMENT(S) AFTER THEY HAVE SERVED YOUR PURPOSE.

IS
A COPY OF THIS REPORT IS BEING FURNISHED TO: SAFOI

This directorate has been advised that command action was taken as a result of instant investigation.

ATTENTION IS INVITED TO THE RESTRICTIVE LEGEND(S) WHICH APPEAR(S) ON THE FRONT OF THE ATTACHED REPORT(S) OR DOCUMENT(S).

REMARKS:
Directorate OSI files do not reflect any information identifiable with subject.

[Signature of John T. Seaman, Director of Special Investigations]

OFFICIAL USE ONLY

AFHQ FORM 0-411 (Previous edition of this form will be used until stock is exhausted)


- page 183 -

U.S.A.
More marks on the ground

The following account is taken from the Montred Gazette for May 1: "The sheriff's office said today it is investigating marks left on the ground by what was described as an unidentified flying object. Reporters and sheriff deputies investigated the area east of Helena where the object was sighted Wednesday night (April 29)—along the shoreline of Canyon Ferry Lake on the Missouri River.

"They found four holes about 13 feet apart, six to eight inches deep and eight to 10 inches across. The holes smelled like diesel fuel, according to one reporter. A circular burn was scared into the top of the object came from 11-year-old Linda Davis of Canyon Ferry Village, about 15 miles east of Helena.

"It was a bright glow in my bedroom window and she said. She said her and her brother, home alone, sighted it about 10:30 p.m.

"The holes were discovered about 125 feet from the rear of the Davis home and about the same distance from the lake shore.

"The report of the scorched area and surface marks jibbed with reports from Socorro, N.M., where a policeman reported seeing an egg-shaped object Friday night (April 24). This followed by other reports from New Mexico."

The Socorro incident is reported fully elsewhere in this issue.
(Credit to Mr. Ronald W. J. Antee)


- page 184 -

Here is the text from the document:

MIDWEST NEWSCUP, INC.
Box 1589, Chicago 90, Webber 9-2487

News
Chicago, Ill.
Cir. 399,807

AIR FORCE LABELS MONTANA SIGHTING "HOAX"

Helena, Montana, April 29 - Residents reported a weird light hovering above the west shore of a lake.

The UFO apparently made a brief touch-landing, and immediately took off, soon disappearing in the sky.

Several youngsters, who had witnessed the landing, apparently discovered four mysterious markings on the ground where the object had landed. They were described as 13 feet apart in a square pattern, each hole being six to eight inches in diameter and equally as deep, with a partial tapering effect, as if a conical object had made them. Between the four depressions, though slightly off center, was a scorched area of approximately four feet.

Air Force officials interrogated the children for several hours, and later announced that the report was a hoax perpetrated by the youngsters. This explanation was digested by the parents, and various residents of Helena who had made corroborating sightings of the same object.

Montana landing (Page 13 of the September SAUCER NEWS) is that Malmstrom Air Force Base in Great Falls has denied the published reports that the Air Force had concluded the incident was a hoax. This confusion is very similar to the Glassboro, New Jersey landing, described earlier in this issue....

MAY 6 - 1964

Air Force Calls Saucer Tale Hoax

WASHINGTON (AP)—A prank by children was the source of one of the recent rash of flying saucer reports, the Air Force said Tuesday.

An investigation of reports of skid marks of a space vehicle near Helena, Mont., "was determined to be a hoax perpetrated by children," Air Force spokesman said.

Air Force experts made the investigation, as they have made all others in more than a decade of such rumors.

MEANWHILE, IN Baltimore a noted astronomer investigated a policeman's report of an unidentified flying object in New Mexico says he is "still unable to crack it open."

Dr. J. Allen Hynek, head of the department of astronomy of Northwestern University, was sent to Socorro, N. Mex. last week to investigate the report by policeman Lonnie Zamora.

"At the moment I'm still puzzled," Dr. Hynek told Sore Science students at the National Science Fair-International.

"The man who made the report seems solid to me," Dr. Hynek said. "I'd bet only had a witness, or a movie camera."

He said Zamora seemed to be as reliable as the day is long.


- page 185 -

MONTANA UFO LANDING CALLED HOAX BY AIR FORCE: At Canyon Ferry Lake, near Helena, Montana, another weird incident in the recent U.S. "Flap" occurred on April 30th, when numerous residents reported seeing a strange bright object hovering above the west shore of the lake, touch the ground; and take off out of sight. Apparently the best sightings were made by four children, who saw the UFO on the ground. When adults reached the scene a short time later, they found four indentations in the earth about 13 feet apart in a square pattern. Each hole was six to eight inches in diameter, and they were tapered toward the bottom as though made by a cone-shaped object. The holes were also found to be six to eight inches deep. Slightly off center and between the four holes was a scorched area about four feet in diameter, indicating that extreme heat had been present.

Officials from nearby Malmstrom Air Force Base took over the investigation and questioned the children for hours. Later a report was issued by the Air Force stating that the Canyon Ferry Lake incident was a hoax perpetrated by the children, but the explanation failed to satisfy the parents of the four youngsters nor the majority of other area residents, many of whom had made conflicting sightings of an object in the sky, "as bright as an arc light." It seems to us, especially in view of the amazing similarity to the New Mexico landings, that Officialdom dismissed this case all too quickly!

Wyoming, Montana
Report Sightings

Dated Press International
New Mexico's "flying saucer" epidemic seems to have spread northward.

Latest reports of weird objects floating around in space came today from Wyoming and Montana, north of New Mexico in the high Rockies.

Three Cheyenne, Wyo. women yesterday reported unidentified flying objects. Mrs. Frank Martin and Mrs. Robert C. Rose saw a strange object while returning from a bingo game.

"WE BOTH SCREAMED at the same time," Mrs. Rose said. The object was described as tear-dropped in shape and Mrs. Rose said there was a huge flash of light.

A third woman in the car, Mrs. Max De Weese, didn't see the object then but said she saw it later after taking the other two women home.

At Canyon Ferry, Mont., officials were investigating reports of the landing and disappearance of an unidentified flying object on the shore of Canyon Ferry Lake.

RESIDENTS of the report area, east of Helena, said they saw a strange bright object hover just above the west shore of the lake, touch the ground, lift again and then disappear.

Newsmen who went to the scene from Helena said they found four impressions in the ground which looked as though a huge chair had been placed on the beach. There was a burned area in the center of the holes.


- page 186 -

Here is the text from the document:

202     SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for March 28, 1964

ASTRONOMY

Spring Star Groups Appear
The lovely star groups of Leo, Virgo and Bootes shine
in the April skies, while the first week of April will provide the
best opportunity of the year to see Mercury.

By JAMES STOKLEY

► WITH THE COMING of April the brilliant constellations of winter are mostly in Canis Major, the larger dog. Still higher
gone from the evening sky, although some in the smaller dog, Canis Minor, with
can still be glimpsed low in the western Procon.
To take their place, the lovely but less
spectacular groups of spring, such as Leo,
Virgo and Bootes, have come into view.
There are shown on the accompanying
maps, which depict the sky as it looks about
10 p.m. your own kind of standard time,
at the beginning of April. They look the
same as hour earlier in mid-month, and
at 8 p.m. at the month's end.

Above Orion is Gemini, the twins, with
Castor and Pollux. And above and to the
right of Taurus and Auriga, the charioteer, with Capella as the brightest star.

But now turn toward the south and east
for the groupings of stars that are typical
of spring. High in the south stands the
lion, Leo, with the first magnitude star
named Regulus, at the end of the handle of
a smaller group of stars called the sickle.
To the left is Denebola, a second magnitude
star that marks the lion's tail.

In addition to these, there is also the
planet Venus, which shines brilliantly in the
west until about four hours after sunset.
It is in the constellation of Taurus, the bull,
one of those which was so prominent on
winter evening. Venus is close to the star
Aldebaran, but shines nearly a hundred
times as brightly.

Extending from just below Denebola in
Leo, toward the eastern horizon, is Virgo,
the virgin. In this group is the bright star
Spica. And above the eastern end of Virgo
is Bootes, the herdsman, with brilliant Arcturus.

Best View of Mercury
For perhaps a week, around April 7, you
will have the year's best evening opportunity
to see Mercury, nearest of all the planets
to the sun. At that time Mercury will be
farthest east of the sun, and will remain in
the sky for about an hour and a half after
sunset.

By the time twilight has ended, Mercury
will be below the horizon, so you have to
look for it before the sky is entirely dark.
It will be quite low, and a little north of
due west. It is not shown on the maps,
because it sets before the times for which
they are drawn. After April 7, Mercury will
again draw toward the direction of the sun.
It will pass approximately between the earth
and sun on the 27th.

It is in the west and southwest that you
can still see some of the winter constellations. In addition to Taurus there is Orion,
with the bright star called Betelgeuse, to
the left of the bull. Further left is Sirius,

High in the northern sky stands Ursa
Major, the larger bear, which the big
dipper (now seen upside down) is part.
Below it is the smaller bear, Ursa Minor,
with the little dipper and Polaris, the polestar.

It is generally stated that there are five
naked-eye planets: Mercury, Venus, Mars,
Jupiter and Saturn. These five have indeed
been known since ancient times, and it was
not until 1781 that William Herschel discovered Uranus added to the list. Since
then it has been further extended with the
discovery of Neptune in 1846 and Pluto
in 1930.

Under favorable conditions, the average
person can see stars or planets down to
about the sixth magnitude on the astronomer's scale of brightness. On this scale, the
lower the magnitude number the brighter
is the object. Most of the very bright stars
are of first magnitude, although a few are
even brighter than that. Thus, magnitudes
go to zero and on into negative numbers,
in order to get lower than unity. Sirius, for
example, has a magnitude of minus 1.4,
while that of the sun is minus 26.7. A difference of five magnitudes means a hun-

[The rest of the text continues with two star charts labeled "FIGURE I" at the bottom of the page]


- page 187 -

Here is the text from the document:

COORDINATION AND FILE COPY

30 April 64
Canyon Ferry Reservoir, Montana

UNCLASSIFIED

ROUTING
DIRECTOR
MISSISSIPPI MISSILE AVE NE

AMC

SECOND USAF

TWGO: SAC

USAF MARCH AFB CALIF
821STRATAIRRECOSTRV ELLSWORTH AFB SLAM

HQ 21623 Per Foreign Technology Day, AFTIN, SAT/01 "UFO"

The following is a report of investigation conducted by Lt Col [redacted] Harold IAN AF Reg 200-2 and is in six parts. PART I.

[Partially redacted text continues, mentioning witnesses interviewed about an alleged sighting]

Between close and 0500 30 Apr 64, at the Canyon Ferry Reservoir, Montana, they allegedly saw a closing white object about the size of a large

[Text cuts off at bottom of page]

The document appears to be a UFO investigation report from April 30, 1964, located at Canyon Ferry Reservoir in Montana.


- page 188 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Left Column]
dred-fold difference in brightness. That is,
a star of the first magnitude is 100 times
brighter than one of the sixth; and 10,000
times brighter than one of the eleventh.

The magnitude of Uranus is about 5.7,
which makes it a little brighter than the
faintest object that can supposedly be seen
with the naked eye. But the sixth magnitude
is by no means a precise limit to naked eye
visibility. Some persons, with very keen eye-
sight, can see objects considerably fainter
than this. Sky conditions also vary. With
the generally hazy atmosphere around a big
city, and the glare of its lights, even the
keenest-eyed person might find it hard to
see a fifth magnitude star.

During 1964 Uranus is in constellation of Leo. Its distance in April from earth
is about 1,638 million miles. An X on the
map of the southern skies shows its position.
Start with first magnitude Regulus. A
little to the left is a fourth magnitude star
with no special name but designated as rho
Leonis. Further left are two other stars of
similar brightness, one above the other. The
upper is iota Leonis and the lower sigma
Leonis.

Uranus Near Rho
In this same region there is another fourth
magnitude star chi, and one of fifth magnitude, 53 Leonis. Uranus, however, is closest
to rho, although only about a fourth as
bright. These are all shown in Fig. 1, which
is a more detailed map of Leo.

If you cannot find Uranus with the naked
eye, try your binoculars on this region, and
you should be able to find it easily. Still
better is a telescope, but it should have some
firm support. The planet will seem to have
a light that is steadier than that of the
twinkling stars.

Uranus was discovered by Herschel, a
German musician who settled in England
and took up astronomy as a hobby. On
March 13, 1781, he first observed the planet,
which was then in Gemini, the twins. It
must be a comet, he thought at first, but
as he and other astronomers continued to
watch it—and plot its orbit—they realized
that it was a new planet.

The discovery brought many honors to
Herschel, including knighthood and appointment by George III as "King's Astronomer." This carried a pension, so he was
able to devote his full time to the science
and let his private life take care of itself.

[Middle Column]
A LETTER for March 28, 1964
nd that thereafter the grain
completely sterile until required
a simple reversal of the filling
airhouse is inflated; then a
is run through one of the
ars and the grain is sucked out.
red by the Gournok Ropework
Glasgow, Scotland, the nylon
developed in cooperation with
Stored Products Center, one of
search organizations financed
Government's Department of
Agriculture, British Nylon Spinh Geon.

[Right Column]
MEDICINE
Tiny G Suits Advised
For Premature Infants

MINIATURE SPACE SUITS have been
seriously suggested as garments for premature babies. The suit's counterpressure is
believed to improve blood circulation.

Firing benefits for the newborn from
this country's men-on-the-moon project were
seen by Dr. Mary Ellen Avery of Johns
Hopkins Hospital, Baltimore, in studies reported in the Journal of the American Medical Women's
Association, 10-171, 1964.

Spring Star Groups
(Continued from p. 203)
APRIL   EST
3   1:00 a.m.   Moon farthest from earth,
                distance 251,500 miles
5   1:16:46 a.m.   Moon in last quarter
7   1:00 p.m.   Mercury farthest east of sun
                (visible for a few days)
8   3:00 p.m.   Venus in the west after sunset
10  4:00 a.m.   Venus farthest east of sun
13  7:33 a.m.   New moon
14  5:00 a.m.   Moon nearest earth, distance
                234,000 miles
15  1:00 p.m.   Moon
16  1:10 p.m.   Moon in first quarter
19  1:50 p.m.   Mercury behind sun
25  12:50 p.m.   Full moon
27  5:00 a.m.   Mercury between earth and
                sun
29  9:00 p.m.   Moon farthest, distance
                254,100 miles

[Additional text continues but is partially cut off]


- page 189 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: FSIC Bulletin, Vol 2, #1                                                   April 1964
                                                                                   Alliance, Ohio

Alliance, Ohio... April 1964... A large orange glow was the first thing Mr. Paul E. Klopfenstein, age 64, saw when he awakened at 2:00 A.M. that morning. Directly east, in the pasture, he saw an oval-shaped red-orange light which seemed to be on the ground. It was clearly silhouetted against a large white building about 400 yards away, on his neighbor's property. The clearly-outlined reddish-orange object was about 200-250 yards clearly-outlined in its horizontal dimension, being greater. He rubbed his eyes, but the object remained.

It started to fade after about 25 seconds, and by the time he reached the door, the object or whatever it was, could no longer be seen. He couldn't discern anything where the object had been.

The next morning, early, he went down into the pasture and saw some peculiar markings on the ground. The grass and ground were darkened. No residue made these marks, just a noticeable difference in coloration. About 150 feet to the south, next to a small area of low, most ground, he found another similar but incomplete "design" on the ground. Substantiating witnesses have not been contacted on this recently discovered sighting.

The form of these discolorations: generally hour glass-like.


- page 190 -

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Tues. Apr. Approximately 1964

2. Time of day: 9 30
Hours Minutes
(Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One) a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Holloman AFB Alamogordo N.M.
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 12-15
a. Certain   c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess
Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Wrist watch.
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY   NIGHT
a. Bright   a. Bright
b. Hazy   b. Cloudy
c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you   d. To your left
b. In back of you   e. Overhead
c. To your right   f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 191 -

AIR FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight-pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter then the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: [blank lines]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank lines]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Columns for Yes, No, Don't know for each item]


- page 192 -

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
Yes. The object segmented to disappear over the horizon at extreme range, nearly similar to the setting of the sun.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes   No   Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: A steep cloud bank (Cirrus-Cumulus)

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes   No   Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what
In front of: A vapor trail from a climbing jet aircraft (F4C)

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Roaring, similar to a large electric generator
b. Color: Chalky white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match?
Approximately 1/30 to 1/35 of the object would have been covered.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc., and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an oval/elliptical shaped object with directional arrows is included]


- page 193 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO form continued                                                   Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?    Mach 2-3

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?    30-50 mi. at 60,000-100,000 ft.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other:

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other:

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No

e. Binoculars    Yes    No
f. Telescope    Yes    No
g. Theodolite    Yes    No
h. Other:

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects with, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A conventional clothes ironing instrument would appear similar if viewed at a corresponding angle.


- page 194 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   8   Mar.   1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Two jet aircraft were maneuvering below the object at approximately 3000 feet F-84 Type probably on daily or conventional runs)


- page 195 -

The text I can clearly read is:

UFO form continued

Page 8

The rest of the document appears to be very faint and illegible due to poor image quality or scanning.


- page 196 -

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 197 -

UFO form continued

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Florence, N.J.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE 30½ SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Scientific Aide at the Aerospace Medical Research Laboratories, Holloman AFB at the time of the sighting.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Sunday Apr. 1964 Ate Gasper V. Aire.


- page 198 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

COORDINATION AND FILE COPY

UNCLASSIFIED

our meeting on the earth approximately one hundred and fifty (150) 
feet from the area where they were playing hide-and-seek. The 
witnesses state they did see the object descend to earth but only 
being kept 20 feet of descent. All witnesses described the object 
as being of oval or egg shape which glowed. They state the object 
was on the ground for a period of five minutes to not over 
sixty seconds. When the object departed two witnesses described 
it as moving slowly upright up from barely to forty feet, then 
having continued at greater estimated of fifty to sixty mph though 
very fast like a rocket. These witnesses indicated that upon reach-
ing twenty to forty feet it ascended at an angle from thirty to 
forty-five degrees. Two other witnesses stated that when it left 
the ground it proceeded immediately at an angle of thirty to forty-
five degrees heading north. These four witnesses said the object 
appeared from view from momentarily to after sixty seconds had 
elapsed. The fifth witness said the object made a U-turn and hovered 
overhead for an undetermined time before disappearing. The witness-
es state they saw no exhaust flame or smoke the object and described 
its early mode variantly as dusty, whirling, shooting and a whizzing 
when the object descended. All reported there was but one object.

PART II. At the place where the object allegedly rested upon the 
ground there were four holes and a burned patch as follows:
[measurements listed, partially cut off]

The document is marked "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top right and appears to be a UFO sighting report from Project Blue Book.


- page 199 -

No Case Info only

Apr 64

Proposed reply letter from 7 March 1967

Dear Mrs.

Reference your recent letter concerning your observation on an unidentified flying object in the Port Arthur, Ontario area.

An investigation will not be undertaken because the location is outside the continental limits of the United States. The information will be filed for future scientific studies.

The U. S. Air Force has received over 11,000 sightings of UFOs since 1947. Although there are some cases we have not been able to explain, we do not feel that enough evidence has been found to say that UFOs and extraterrestrial vehicles are the same. There is not any tangible evidence which can substantiate the belief that our planet has been or is being visited by extraterrestrial life.

It is more likely that UFOs represent some unexplained scientific phenomena.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

2o Safrin 18 Agcy


- page 200 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Ft. Arthur, Ont.,
March 7 th, 1967

Major Keith Drumheller, Jr.,
Air Force Research & Development Command,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
Via Dayton, O.

Dear Sir:

I am sending you information about the sighting of a UFO. My husband and I were driving along the highway and were in a fine moment occasioning some time.

I am taking the trouble to give this to you because it was so appreciable as we at first were going to ignore it. We were interested, scientifically or otherwise. I also note the oddity of this letter.

Another strange incident that happened again that back-country of Dixon Lake late in the week (my husband and I were alone then) following the spring recurrence of the strange lights, which is now like a terrific thunder-clap. My husband was in the midst of the thunderous that and he could only think of a fire-pit.


- page 201 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

a l... in the ... it does not ... at
... of this, especially ... here
... we have ... & ... the dead
... of ... want...

I ... the ... in ... to
the ... of the ... incidents. I have
read about this in the ... & ... of first
... then followed our first ... sighting it
is typically a ... that ... with ... few
... sighted ... It was for a ... track
county except ... the logging.

While in this ... & ... I was in ... about
I don't know but if ... they are ... by
... it quite ... I think ... are ... of
... ... in ... and ... it ... all of
... ... as ... here.

I ... the ... really ... not with
could ... it ... at ... my ... appears
and ... not ... this ... especially ... to
... the ... that ... up ... in the hunt
... certainly not for ... and ... the being
... Of ... thing ... directed ... and ... rate in
... with of ... machine, ... to ... for ...
I ... not ... a ... can ... out a ... that
... can have ... with ... and ... show
... and ... at such a ... just ... and ...
Remarkable ... and ... to ...

Note: Some words are illegible or partially obscured due to the handwritten nature of the document and image quality.


- page 202 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

7)ng, here is another the gift... nffgr t
Lam not a church going man... a ball game
since he, but I have a strong capacity not be
lief in a... Indians G.A. since the little
plat to last day of this... at the beginning of st
the time when the first... was not yet begin,
found into the destruction on the belief from the
war (spared) people in that living era are prom-
ised they will see the first battle was of its im-
ageless but will be God's grace against the
world forces of Satan and his followers, exactly
and otherwise. We are promised this and so
far... recognize by the truth. things happen-
ing on the life of this earth, something has to come
to a halt... moon is not... yet generally...
to... head to the... rocks...
I do not know that W.H.C. as not
part of this... of being... but of his... at
as promised by God's side... I they that
have... but also to observe, yet they are am-
thing powerful... in sure. He... some men
rather... to ask at at these objects a turn... n
of hostile action but... in quest... or
think maybe to good... friendly such existing
not... an truth... through these.

Remember, I'm not a religious fanatic.

P.S. Thank you for... this opp... the correspondence.

Sincerely,

[The signature and name are blacked out]


- page 203 -

Information Only
Source:

Missoula, Montana
April

MORE SAUCER LANDINGS IN MONTANA: According to a weird story in the Missoulian-Sentinel, in Missoula, Montana, flying saucers have been landing frequently at a farm near there ever since early last April. Mr. and Mrs. Allen Lund, who live on the slopes of a mountain, say that the object has landed within a few hundred feet of their house and has aimed a searchlight through the windows, "in an apparent attempt to see what we look like." The Lunds describe the object as a large top-shaped ship, with a row of lights around its circumference." It also has a single large light on its slightly rounded bottom surface.

There have been many side-effects of these frequent visitations.
Before the landings began, wild game such as deer and bear used to visit their property, but not since then. Each landing frightens their dogs and horses, causing the latter to stampede. Every time the UFO is in the vicinity, their oil furnace lights itself, with no apparent explanation. But strangest of all is the fact that their son, only 32 years old, has told his parents of a man with whom he talks alone in the barn. He has told the man's name, but Mrs. Lund says it's almost unpronounceable. The child refuses to allow anyone else to be present on these occasions, and is sometimes away for hours at a time. Each time the boy goes "to see the man," the dogs run into the house and the oil furnace lights. Television interference has also been noticed during the saucer visitations, which have continued at almost regular intervals for several months.


- page 204 -

Information Only
Source:

Tacoma, Washington
3 April 1964

A mysterious pink object passed over the heart of Tacoma, Washington at 7:15 on the night of April 3rd, and was seen by scores of local residents. It was round in shape, and headed south in a straight line. Neither city police nor officials at nearby McChord Air Force Base could shed any light on the occurrence....


- page 205 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO CASE: UNCLASSIFIED
JOURNAL ENTRY SHEET
JULY 64, Volume 10, No. 4                                                    5 Apr 64
                                                                               Croydon, England

changed my way of thinking," said
Mr. Gittens.

    "A Defence Ministry spokesman
said: 'We have had no reports of an
unidentified flying object being seen
in the Norwood area, and we have
not been asked to investigate any
such report.'"

Croydon again

Croydon was in the news once
From the Croydon Advertiser of     more, a week later when the Croydon
April 10:                          Advertiser of April 17 carried the
    "An unidentified flying object was   following report:
spotted over South Norwood on         "When Mrs. May Church looked
Sunday (April 5). 'A large star-like   out of the window of her third-floor
object, definitely not a balloon or an  flat in Firle Gardens, Shirley, on
aircraft,' was seen moving across the   Sunday night, she stared another
Living Stone Road-Layard Road area.    unidentified flying object controversy.
    "The object was seen by a 14-year   For Mrs. Church saw a 'large, red
old Heath Clark Grammar               glowing object moving slowly across
School boy Lee Turner, of Livingstone   the sky.' Her husband, Albert, and
Road, who was taking his dog for a      son, Roy, also saw it—and they
walk. 'I moved too slowly for a         watched and saw it again on Monday
shooting star and it was definitely not   night.
a balloon or an aircraft. It was like a     "Yet a Defence Ministry spokesman
star in the first magnitude moving      said: 'We have no knowledge of any
north-north-east,' he said.             unidentified objects being seen. And
    "Lee ran to his uncle's home in     as far as I know, there are no experi-
Layard Road. His uncle, Mr.             mental craft flying there.'"
Anthony Gittens, an amateur astrono-        "Mrs. Church said: 'It was between
mer, said: 'I have seen meteorites      11 and 12 on Sunday night (April
before. But this was unlike anything    12). We saw this brilliant light—very
I have seen. It took about four         much like a star—moving above the
minutes to move across the sky before   Crystal Palace Parade going in the
it went below the horizon,' he said.    London Airport direction.    It
    "A group of people formed to watch   definitely was not an aircraft or a
the object at it moved past the ITV     balloon or a star. It took about an
tower at Upper Norwood.                 hour to move across the sky. At one
    "I have been quite sceptical about   time I am sure there was a plane
when I have told me about other         circling around it.'"
cases. I have believed them to be
meteorites. But this has really


- page 206 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)                                   6 April 1964
                                                           Baton Rouge, Louisiana

TDEW
Request for UFO Information, Donald G Winterton

Hq USAF SAFOI0C (Mrs Hunt)
Washington, D C 20330

Reference the two attached letters from Donald G Winterton requesting information on unidentified flying objects. Mr
Winterton is a frequent correspondent and has received the
current fact sheet. The following information is provided
in order that a reply may be made:

a. No report was received by the Air Force, Project
Blue Book, for 6 April 1964, Baton Rouge, Louisiana. It
is suggested that he write to the local news papers in Baton Rouge for additional information.

b. His letter of 13 July contains statements contrary
to fact.
   (1) The Brazilian Navy Intelligence Report did not
confirm the authenticity of the photographs.

   (2) The Air Force received its information from
the United States Navy and the case file contains no information from the Brazilian Navy.

   (3) The Air Force did not evaluate the photographs. The photographs were evaluated by the US Navy and are
regarded as hoaxes.

   (4) It is suggested that Mr Winterton read pages
206 - 216 from the "World of Flying Saucers" by Doctors
Menzel and Boyd, for an accurate account of the incident.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of Eric T de Jonckheere]
ERIC T de JONCKHEERE
Capt, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

Originator:
TDEW/UFO   [Signature of Tgt David Moody]   DATE 22 Jul 65


- page 207 -

Clearwater, Florida,
July 10, 1965

Major Watson M. Jacks
Department of the Air Force
Pentagon, Washington.

Dear Major Jacks:

I am requesting all available information regarding the sightings of Unidentified Flying Objects over Baton Rouge, Louisiana on the night of April 6, 1964. The report of these sightings was first carried over the wire services early in the A.M. of April 7, 1964.

Briefly: many objects were seen all over the county, inthe cities as well as in rural areas. One object was reported to have landed leaving a large crater. Sheriffs and all available police were investigating. No one hurt thus far. No explanation. That was the last of three reports carried on the wire services, after that there was an apparent news blackout, according to officials of the wire services. Why? Lets have the full story.

Trusting to hear from you at your earliest convenience, I am

Very truly yours,


- page 208 -

July 13, 1965

Lt. Col. John P. Spaulding
Department of the Air Force
Community Relations Division
Pentagon
Washington, D.C.

Dear Col. Spaulding:

I am requesting all available information regarding the sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object over the eastern coast of the island of Trindade on the sixteenth of January, 1958. Although the Brazilian Navy investigated the sighting, and in their intelligence report confirmed the authenticity of the photographs of the object, I understand the U. S. Air Force took particular interest in the sighting also. The U.S. Air Force requested and received documents from the Brazilian Navy reporting the sighting in order to aid in our own investigation. Enclosed with the documents were four photographs of the object which the U.S. Government wished to run a check on. What was the final outcome of the U.S. Air Force's investigation, and what did the U.S. photographic advisors have to say regarding the photographs? I would also appreciate a reproduction of the detailed analysis sheet regarding the photographs.

Trusting to hear from you at your earliest convenience, I am

Very truly yours,

[Signature redacted]


- page 209 -

Here is the text from the document:

COORDINATION AND FILE COPY                                UNCLASSIFIED

WINCHESTER MAL PATRICK AFB NOTE

and approximately three-four feet in diameter. The holes did not appear to have been caused by great weight. Rather the holes appear- ed to have been crudely dug or scooped out. At the surface one hole was twice the size of the smallest hole in diameter. The largest hole in diameter was approximately sixteen inches while the smallest one, 1.5 in. in diameter. The holes varied from five to eight inches deep, was located approximately seventy-five feet from the four holes and in an area which showed no evidence of digging. The dirt was fine and very dry. The four holes are located on a vacant plot of ground approximately 200 ft from the home of two of the five witnesses. PART III. There were six alleged eye-witnesses, one of whom was not interviewed at his father's request. The witnesses were often vague and evasive and their respective stories contained much side divergencies as to convince the interrogators that the entire event was a fanciful hoax. However, not one witness would deviate from the position that they did see something. Four witnesses described the object as being round or oval shaped which were the sizes and shapes locally reported as having been seen in New Mexico a few days earlier. All witnesses knew of the alleged sighting in New Mexico and elsewhere. Four witnesses used the word "fireballs" to describe the lighting of the object. These consistent lines indicated returning by the witnesses. The accounts of all witnesses on their movements immediately after the sighting contained as many discrepancies as there were witnesses interviewed. Additionally, some of the witnesses parents were notified until more than

[Bottom of page administrative details are partially cut off]


- page 210 -

NO CASE - INFORMATION ONLY
SOURCE - Dayton Daily News                                                   6 aprily 1964
                                                                             Baton Rouge, La

Screaming
Object Digs
Hole in Yard
BATON ROUGE, La., Apr. 7-
(UFU) - An object fell screaming
from the sky into a residential
back yard last night, shaking a
house and digging a four-foot-
deep crater in the earth.

There were reports of four
other objects falling in outlying
areas.

Dr. Raymond Grenchik, professor of physics and astronomy at
Louisiana State university, said
the objects could have been
pieces of a meteorite.

FLOYD L. MARSTON said one
of the objects plunged through
a large tree in his back yard,
stripping branches as it went,
and dug a crater about 13 inches
wide and four feet deep. He said
his whole house shook when the
object hit.

Police dug down six feet in
Marston's yard. They found
nothing at that depth, but nothing


- page 211 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: SAUCER NEWS, VOL II, No 3, SEP 64

6 APR 64
Baton Rouge, Louisiana

On the night of April 6th, a mysterious object described as a "red streak" crashed from the sky into the yard of a resident of Baton Rouge, Louisiana. It burrowed into the ground, making a hole about six inches in diameter. The crash was accompanied by a loud noise "like an air raid siren." The next morning, the startled resident and his neighbors dug down five feet below the hole, but found nothing...


- page 212 -

NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20546

IN REPLY REFER TO: M-C MAO 1400                                                INFO ONLY

JAN 18 1965

Headquarters, Foreign Technology Division
Air Force Systems Command
U.S. Air Force
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Attention: Maj. Quintanilla/TDEN/6926

Gentlemen:

Subject: Article, "U.S. Air Force Censorship of the UFO Sightings", by Maj. Donald B. Keyhoe, U.S.M.C. (Ret.), True Magazine, January 1965

No unidentified objects were observed accompanying or pursuing the GT-1 spacecraft, launched into orbit on a Titan II booster on April 8, 1964. Objects observed, which were detected on radar, have been identified as minor structural pieces which routinely break free from the expendable booster portion in the spacecraft and booster separation process. There is no indication of the presence of any material which was not originally part of the launched vehicle.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature]
Leo X. Abernethy
Chief, Mission Support
Apollo Flight Operations
Office of Manned Space Flight

cc: HQ USAF (SA-FOI-PB)


- page 213 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: FSIC Bulletin, Vol 2, #1

8 April 1964
Cape Kennedy, Fla.

CENSORSHIP AND UFOs

Article by Major Donald E. Keyhole
USMC (ret) - True Magazine - January, 1964

On April 8, 1964, the NASA launched from Cape Kennedy the first two man Gemini capsule, which went into a planned orbit around the earth, and was declared a complete success.

But here's something you didn't hear or read about this launching. The report was given to Keyhole confidentially by two editing staffers at the test. The Gemini Capsule was still in its first orbit when four spacecraft of unknown origin drew up to it.

Started radar trackers watched their screens in amazement as the four unknowns took up positions around the capsule - two above and two beneath, one at a. They drew close to the capsule and paced it for a full orbit of the earth. Then apparently finished with their scrutiny, they pulled away and vanished into the unknown.

Major Keyhole asks: "What were these four mysterious space travelers? Where had they come from? What mission had brought them into the earth's space neighborhood? What people, what beings, were at the controls? I fervently wish I could answer these questions. And I wish I could satisfactorily explain this eerie episode, this incident so fraught with implications for all who live on earth - why was it kept secret?"

The general public is unaware of facts such as these that happen many times over near rocket test ranges, satellite orbital pathways, and airfields. The AF is completely aware that mysterious alien craft are watching our outer space efforts. The public also is unaware that a great wave of UFOs have been reported all over the world in 1964.


- page 214 -

GT-1

HOUFO's investigation into the report of four UFO's and the GT-1 launch. "No unidentified objects were observed accompanying or pursuing the GT-1 spacecraft, launched into orbit on April 8, 1964. Objects observed which were detected on radar, have been identified as minor structural pieces which routinely break free from the expendable booster section in the spacecraft and booster separation process. There is no indication of the presence of any material that was not part of the launched vehicle."


- page 215 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO. 6TH INTELLIGENCE SQ
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO
Jul-Aug, Volume 3, No. 4

St. Andrews family see UFO
From the Dundee Evening Telegraph,
April 10: "A strange object with a
yellow, green and blue light and
emitting rays was seen in the sky late
last night by a St. Andrews family.
Mr. Thomas Marshall, 82 St.
Nicholas Street, was returning home
with the family's dog from Woodburn
Playing Field when he saw in a
silvery-grey cloud, he said. 'A light
appeared in the centre of it and
started to move towards me. The
light got brighter all the time as it
came nearer and I could see yellow,
green and blue colours in it. There
were rays of light coming from it—
about seven or eight.

"The shape changed and flattened
as it got nearer from roughly circular
to oval. It wavered, then suddenly
went back the way it came. The
funny thing was it didn't swing round
or bank like an aeroplane does—it
was just as if it went into reverse. It
took only a couple of minutes to
disappear.'

"Mr. Marshall saw the object
reappear and go through the same
performance before it reached home.
He called out his wife and daughter
and the three of them saw the occurrence twice more before it disappeared for good at 11.40."

St. Andrews, Scotland


- page 216 -

NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY

SOURCE: SAUCERS FLYING SAUCER REVIEW, JUL-AUG 64
Volume 10, No 4                                                                   13 Apr 64
                                                                                   England

ENGLAND
Walthamstow "Object from
             space"

The Walthamstow Guardian reported
a most unusual incident in its April
17 issue: "An unidentified flying ob-
ject hurtled through the air above
Walthamstow, scythed down tele-
phone wires, etched a deep scar in the
concrete edge of the River Lea tow-
path and plunged into the peaceful
waters."

"That was the report received by
police just before nine o'clock on
Monday night (April 13). It came
from Walthamstow bus driver Bob
Fall, a down-to-earth man of 26, who
lives with his wife and two children
at 47, Upper Walthamstow Road.

"A police search party went
straight to the spot, just off Ferry
Lane. They found the phone wires
down but a search of the banks
revealed nothing. The river was
dragged—in vain.

"And this week Bob Fall told The
Guardian what happened as he drove
his 123 bus towards Tottenham on
Monday. He said, 'I just glanced into
the sky and saw something coming
towards me very, very fast. It flew
up across the road and, had I
been a few yards further forward, it
would have hit the top deck of the bus.
I saw it cut through the telephone
wires and there was a loud crash as it
struck the bank.

"At first I thought the back win-
dows of the bus had come in and, as I
turned around, I saw all the passen-
gers looking out towards the river.
There was a big splash in the water.
I stopped as soon as I could to report
it."

"A police spokesman said that four
ducks had been disturbed while the
river was being dragged and that

these, flying in line, could have been
the object. He argued that the river
was only four to six feet deep in this
part.

"But Mr. Fall discounted this
theory. 'The thing was at least nine
feet long, probably more, cigar-
shaped and silver,' he said, 'If it had
been a bird or birds I must have seen
the wings. Besides, it was going too
fast.'"


- page 217 -

Linden UFO

The Die Transolar on April 15 carried the following report: "A large grey object was seen last night over Linden (Johannesburg) at about 7 o'clock. At least three people saw the object travel over the suburb at enormous speed. It closely resembled a large boomerang and made no sound. 'Mr. D. Preston and I saw the object quite clearly for about 10 seconds until it disappeared behind a block of flats,' said Mr. L. Lamneck, of 30 Eighth Street, Linden. Late last night no one could establish what it really was."

(Credit to Mr. Philipp J. Human)


- page 218 -

FRANCE
Triangular Shaped Object
Lyons

The Le Figaro on April 17 reported that a mysterious luminous object was observed on the evening of April 15 in the sky over Lyons. The phenomenon would not have attracted police had the device, which was of great size, appeared to be moving.

At the Lyons-Bron Airfield it was also seen by observers. Precise readings were made by the service authorities who are unable to explain its presence in the sky.

The object was observed with an azimuth of 309 degrees and it even showed a constant oscillation. It presented an inclination of 52 degrees, but this inclination slowly decreased and after seven minutes it was only 43 degrees. Observed with powerful binoculars, the device presented triangular shapes, powerfully illuminated by the sun which had already gone down. It resembled a large milk carton, or a big star, but the fact of the matter is that nobody knew what this mysterious object was which was slowly traversing the sky.

Readers may be interested to compare this sighting with a similar one over Heroldribier last summer. A full report of this incident witnessed by a number of people in the Walford and Hatfield areas can be found in the FLYING SAUCER REVIEW, November-December, 1963 issue. The photographs, reproduced in this issue, were taken by Mr. Jan Willemyn who lives at Bushey, Herts, now receives confirmation. The British Air Ministry and others have tried to "explain" the Heroldribier object as a weather balloon but for several reasons this was nonsensical. It would seem that the French authorities are more prepared to let the facts speak for themselves.


- page 219 -

Here is the text from the document:

APRIL 1964

16 November 1965

Mrs Hunt/sh/SAFOICC/7284/16 Nov 65

Dear Mr.

This is in reply to your report of aerial objects which you were unable to identify.

The objects reported are characteristic of observations of astronomical bodies.

The first object in the northeast is the star Capella; the second object at 060 degrees azimuth is the planet Jupiter; the third object rising at 060 degrees azimuth is the star Betelgeuse.

Jupiter is visible at about 9:30 PM, and Betelgeuse is visible at about 10:00 PM. The star Capella appears at 025 degrees azimuth at 6:00 PM, but it may not be visible until the sun has completely set.

Thank you for submitting your report to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

[Signature]
1st Lt, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

[Bottom of page contains administrative tracking information]

COORDINATED by (Office Symbol, Name, Grade, Date):
[Partially filled out administrative tracking table]

Coded by - SAFO1-2
Comouts by - SAFO1-2
Reader by - SAFO1-1
Activity by - SAFO1-2
Stayback


- page 220 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

COORDINATION AND FILE COPY                UNCLASSIFIED

BIOGRAPHICAL MILESTONE MCMT

an hour had elapsed from the time of sighting. The witnesses
immediately notified the local radio station of the alleged sighting.
The high-school children in the Helena, Montana area were excused
from school on the 29th and 30th day of Apr to prepare for Vigilante
Day on May 1. The local sheriff describes this as a day on which
any tension would remain shy muted. No other person in the immediate
area has, to our knowledge, come forward with a collaborating story
though the children may there was at least one boat on the nearby
lake with fisherman aboard. PART IV. Weather and wind-ceiling
to Helena, c. 06002 estimated 1200 broken with high broken clouds,
visibility 40 miles. Cloud cover 6 tenths alti-cu estimated 12000
1 tenth cirrus high, b. 05002 12000 scattered with higher scattered
visibility 40 miles cloud cover 3 tenths alti-cu, 2 tenths cirrus.
c. Winds aloft not available Helena for Great Falls at 06002 30
April, 6000 ft 050 degrees 5 kts; 10000 ft 190 degrees, 15 kts;
16000 ft 180 degrees 16 kts; 20000 ft 190 degrees 20 kts; 30000 ft
210 degrees 34 kts; 50000 ft 170 degrees 34 kts. At 06152 30 April
6000 ft 180 degrees 4 kts; 10000 ft 250 degrees 15 kts; 16000 ft
270 degrees 22 kts; 20000 ft 280 degrees at 29 kts; 30000 ft 280
degrees at 37 kts, and 50000 ft 260 degrees at 26 kts. d. Surface
winds 06002 320 degrees 12 kts and 05002 270 deg 10 kts. e. No
thunderstorms reported in the area. f. Vertical temp gradient very
steep, reverse gradient indicating unstable atmosphere, no inversion.
PART V. Time of sighting is approximately 04:32 30 April. Light
conditions night. Location of observers-Canyon Ferry Montana

EDO

[Rest of form is partially cut off or blank]


- page 221 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

FORM 164
Request for UFO Information                                     15 Jan 65

Hq USAF SAFOI-PD (two Print)
Wash DC 20330

1. Reference the attached letter from [redacted] addressed
to Governor George Romney, requesting information on unidentified
flying objects. The following information is forwarded to your
office as one that a reply may be made to him.

2. The specific sightings noted in the Lansing, Michigan
area during May 1964 were reported by Air Force personnel
from Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio and scientific personnel from
Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois. The principal
source of these occurrences was a newspaper account of an airway
night photo mission utilizing low-level equipment with a turbine
generator. In 20 July 1964 report from Detroit, Michigan was
not processed via this Air Force and is now being held pending
sighting.

3. To be attached that a carbon copy of your reply to [redacted]
be forwarded to Governor George Romney of Michigan.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JAMES J. MCNEFF
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems


- page 222 -

Cow. Capris Bldg.
Laramie, Mich.

Dane Cry. Repty

[Several lines of text are illegible]

There is a large black redacted section in the bottom right of the document.

In the top right corner, there appears to be some text that reads:
[Partial text] ...McDowell
Colorado, USA.


- page 223 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

U.S. SIGHTINGS IN PERIOD

May 21, Location was a territory which
was 15 m. S.W. of Helena, Mont. about 3000
3300 A.M. During the next few days after
publishing that he was sighted, he was described
it to several. Others saw silvery object.

Newt Hartwig, of Great Falls, was contacted by reporting
rel139. They saw a flat object with heli lighted
like a red lens angle.

(Four days later, May 25, same area) Fire
Chief, porter Washburn, was interested at 0145 a.m.
by a low flying object. He was awake.
The UFO, white, with light fuse to outside,
covered over to westside, then
over a river. (Possibly same object)

July 20: Position was a considerable
other witnesses who noted to
vertical formation of a
object moving with
with white
to close
as high
they saw
contacted

The text appears to be a report of UFO sightings in Montana, with observations from May 21 and July 20, describing silvery or white objects seen in the early morning hours near Helena.


- page 224 -

16CIO                                                      8 January 1965

UFO Report, Civilian

Air Force Systems Command
Foreign Technology Division
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. The attached letters were received by this office from the
State of Michigan, Governor's Office, signed by Governor George
Romney.

2. In his letter to the reporting individual, the
Governor said he had forwarded Dodson's letter to this base's
commanding officer.

3. In accordance with AFR 200-2, 12b, Dodson's letter is forwarded
to your office.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ROBERT E. KELLY
Captain, USAF
Chief, Information Division                     1 inch
                                                 log


- page 225 -

Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol II, No 3, September 1964

Newark Valley, New York
24 April 1964

ENGLISH-SPEAKING LITTLE MEN LAND IN NEW YORK STATE: A farmer in Newark Valley, near Binghamton, New York, claims that he spoke to little men from a flying saucer on April 24th, the same date of the first New Mexico landing. The farmer, named Gary Wilcox, told his story to a local newspaper several days later. He claimed that he had no fear of the humanoid creatures "because they weren't hostile and seemed to have no weapons or any desire to harm me."

According to Mr. Wilcox, he was doing his routine morning chores on his 300 acre farm when he saw a glitter like the reflection from a mirror. At first he thought it was merely the sun striking an abandoned refrigerator near the farmhouse, but then he saw a smooth, egg-shaped luminous object about 20 feet long and 15 feet wide. Wilcox walked up and touched the UFO, and at that moment, two people about four feet tall appeared from behind or under the craft. They were wearing suits made of some soft seamless material, complete with hoods and foot coverings. They spoke good English, according to Wilcox, but he could not tell what part of their bodies their voices came from. They told him that they were here to gather soil samples; that they visit this planet from Mars once every two years; that if we send a man into space he cannot live more than two years without returning to Earth; and that for his own good he had better not tell anyone about having seen them. However, they did not threaten him or make him promise not to talk. In the course of a conversation that lasted several questions about the fertilizer he was using. They were carrying trays filled with sod and soil samples, and apparently were concerned about agricultural problems back on Mars.

As Mr. Wilcox turned away to get a fertilizer sample for his visitors, the spaceship suddenly took off, without smoke or noise of any kind. Wilcox then made a report to the county sheriff's office, and eventually told the newspapers. Later he was interviewed by telephone for Boston station WBZ. In the interview he added many details, including the fact that the Martians told him certain things that he does not feel at liberty to reveal.

This story is a wild one, and because of the intellectual communication between the farmer and the little men, we give it less credence than the other recent landing stories. However, we do not by any means rule out the possibility that Mr. Wilcox is telling the truth.

This incident tends to confirm the veracity of Gary Wilcox, a farmer living in nearby Newark Valley, New York, who reported back in April that he conversed with two little men who identified themselves as Martians. This incident is described in detail in our September issue.


- page 226 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Down on the farm

We are indebted to Mr. W. T. Sherwood for having sent us the following report taken from the Binghamton (N.Y.) newspaper, issue of May 9. The review has asked for the exact title of the paper. "The account reads as follows: "A dairy farmer's report of talking with two Martians who landed in one of his fields in spacecraft has Tioga County aroused with curiosity.

"The report has brought enquiries by an official agency and has been a frequent topic of conversation in recent days in Owego's downtown streets.

"The Tioga County Sheriff's Department interviewed the farmer, Gary T. Wilcox of Davis Hollow Road, and took a statement from him. Also, the Federal Bureau of Investigation has been notified.

"Mr. Wilcox, 27, who operates a 300 acre dairy farm a few miles northeast of Newark Valley, said that a 'federal representative' also has been to see him about the incident, but finally gave him account of what happened:

"On the morning of April 24, Mr. Wilcox, who works the farm alone, was spreading manure in an open field. Shortly before 10 o'clock, he decided to check a V-shaped field on another part of the farm that is almost completely surrounded by woods. He wanted to see whether ground conditions would permit plowing.

"As he approached the field, which is about a mile from his dairy barn, he saw a shiny object that he at first thought was a discarded refrigerator that had been in the field for some time. He realized that the shiny object was not the old refrigerator as he drew near. His next thought was that it was a wing tank or some other part of an airplane that had fallen into the field. But it looked as if it would be more durable than aluminum and seemed to have metallic characteristics different from any he had ever seen before.

"The object was about 20 feet long and 16 feet wide and was shaped like an egg. He touched it and felt no heat.

"He observed no door or escape hatch, but two human-like men suddenly appeared. They were about four feet tall, wore clothing that appeared to have no seams and had on what appeared to be a headdress with a full-face hood. He could not distinguish any facial features because of the face hoods. They appeared to have arm and leg, but could not tell whether they had feet and toes.

"Do not be alarmed, we have talked to people before. We are from Mars, one of the figures said in smooth English.

"He thought this surely must be some kind of gag somebody was playing on him, but the conversation continued. One of the creatures stood about five feet from him and the other stood farther back, close to the spacecraft. Their voices seemed to come from their bodies rather than from the headdress.

"They were interested in organic material such as fertilizer," Mr. Wilcox recalled.

"They expressed considerable interest in why he was spreading manure and in the various uses of fertilizers.

"The Martians explained that they were making some changes in the atmosphere, but to create problems, they said, they were visiting earth to obtain information about our organic material.

"They appeared to know little about organic material and their questions were like those a child would ask. Each one carried a tray filled with soil, apparently taken from the field.

"When they talked about space or the ship, I had difficulty in understanding their explanation," Mr. Wilcox said.

"They said they can only travel to this planet every two years and they are presently using the Western Hemisphere."

"The Martians said they land only during daylight hours because their ship is less readily visible in daylight. They expressed surprise that he had seen the craft.

"The two figures said astronauts from earth would not be successful in space travel. Astronauts travelling in outer space would die after being in space a year because their bodies are not adaptable to such conditions, they said.

"The figures asked whether he had any organic material. He said yes, and then was asked if they might have some. He started to leave to get a bag of fertilizer for them. As he did so, the spacecraft took off. The noise the spacecraft made was like an automobile idling. There was no turbulence, exhaust of fire or rising of dust.

"Within seconds the craft was out of sight, Mr. Wilcox said.

"He returned to the barn, picked up a bag of fertilizer and took it to the spot in the field where the Martians had been. It was gone when he returned the next day."


- page 227 -

Here is the text from the document:

Information Only
Source: The UFO Reporter, Summer, 1964

Neward Valley, New York
April 24, 1964

FARMER CLAIMS CONTACT

Newark Valley, New York, April 24 - As confidentially assured, although more not sufficient, word has reached us of a most interesting "little men" contact, allegedly experienced by a young farmer in upstate New York.

Gary T. Wilcox, the purported witness, reports that, shortly before 1000 a.m., while engaged at routine chores on his 350 acre farm, he observed a shiny object resting upon the ground. He assumed it a cleared reflector, first reflecting sunlight; however, he soon realized that he was in error. This presumed "reflector" was none other than a mysterious space craft twenty feet in length, and sixteen feet in width.

While thus scrutinizing this unusual aircraft, two humanoids, four feet in height, suddenly appeared. They were described as wearing seamless outfits with odd-shaped hoods that concealed their faces; evidently breathing apparatus.

The space beings conversed at length with Mr. Wilcox in perfect English, advising him that their planetary origin was with Mars, and that their intentions were friendly. It seems that they queried him with respect to terrestrial agricultural procedures, of which they evidenced exceeding ignorance. After exchanging various pieces of information and a few pleasantries, Mr. Wilcox offered them samples of a fertilizer that might assist these visitors. In combating various agricultural difficulties that had arisen on Mars, the substance turned away to procure the fertilizer. As he turned away, the space ship and its Martian crew took off for parts unknown.

Wilcox commented that his extraterrestrial friends spoke with him in a most unusual manner. Their voices emanated not from their heads, but from their bodies, which suggests, from a mechanical speaker, perhaps housing a translating mechanism, or, it is conceivable that their mouths are located in their mid-sections.

Wilcox asserted that he was directed that the withholding of his story would be to his benefit, and has not clarified his reasons for subsequently ignoring these admonitions.

Wilcox's neighbors tend to contradict each other concerning his reliability. While some are positive of his veracity, others are evidently a little dubious about it.


- page 228 -

Here is the text from the document:

2-Owego Times, Owego, N.Y., Friday

Newark Valley Farmer Repo

An astounding report of a visit of two Martians to the Town of Newark Valley recently has created a great stir of excitement and speculation throughout the area.

The source of the amazing story is Gary Wilcox, well-known and substantial farmer, who solemnly asserts he carried on a conversation with two persons from another planet after their spaceship or flying saucer landing in a back lot on his Davis Hollow Road farm.

The visit occurred on Friday, April 24. Mr. Wilcox told The Times, adding that he was present when the pair took off in their peculiarly-shaped conveyance.

No formal report was made to county authorities, but Sheriff Paul Taylor said he had notified the Boston, Mass. headquarters of the Atlantic Coast Air Command after he heard the report second-hand. He said he had received no reply, nor had he seen any official from that branch of the service. It was also reported that the FBI had been informed of the incident.

However, Mr. Wilcox said he had not seen or talked with any Federal government representative as yet.

Mr. Wilcox's account of the visit is almost beyond belief but he states every word of it is the truth. He said he discovered the space ship on the edge of a hilly, woody area on a back lot of his farm property about 10:30 a.m. He said he had no idea how long it had been there.

OWEGO

Vol. No. 129, No. 7     May 8, 1964     Owego, Ne[illegible]


- page 229 -

Here is the text from the document:

rts Visit From Martians

He was attracted to the object by the shiny color, resembling the silvery wing of a plane. e reached the object which was on landing four feet above the ground, two beings came nder the object. They were dressed from head uniforms or costumes the same aluminum col- conveyance.

cox told The Times the two men, apparently, t four feet in height, and they immediately m in conversation. r spoke as good English as I do," he said. id the conversation was pretty one-sided, s visitors doing most of the talking. They him, Mr. Wilcox said, that they came from a planet known on this planet as Mars.

Mr. Wilcox said they made no effort to attack him or harm him but seemed greatly in- terested in the soil, grass, shrubs, twigs and dirt and gathered up several samples. They also questioned him concerning farming prac- tices, crops, and fertilizer.

The Newark Valley farmer said he returned to his barn to pick up some fertilizer and when he went back, the two men were getting back in the vehicle, with the admonition that "it will be to your benefit not to say anything about this."

This was about 12:30 p.m., he said, and he stood there when the queer-looking ship took off and whirled out of sight over the hill "so fast I could hardly see it."

And that was the last Mr. Wilcox saw of the visitors. He described the vehicle as being about 20 feet high, 16 feet wide and between 4 and 5 feet thick, with no vis- ible indication of how it operated. It moved almost al- most when it flashed away, he said.

That, to date, is the incredible story of Tioga County's exposure to the planet Mars.

[Partial text on side: 10¢ per Copy]


- page 230 -

Dear Dr. Hypick,

Thank you for your faithfulness - Monitor Program Yale Science Magazine, etc. - to the file public, the government, the scientific community, & to the truth! - It's not an easy job & I admire you for your ability.

It occurred to me that you might be interested in the write up of the Newark Valley landing from the Binghamton paper - (perhaps you have it). I have made inquiries about Wilcox, &


- page 231 -

