PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: [partially illegible]
2. LOCATION: [partially illegible]
3. SOURCE: [partially illegible]
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: [blank]
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: [blank]
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: [blank]
7. COURSE: [blank]
8. PHOTOS: ☐ Yes ☒ No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: ☐ Yes ☒ No

10. CONCLUSION: [partially illegible text]
    Unident. obj. no. w.r. known.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: [partially illegible text]
    Searchlight sighted approx. 5 min to 15 min. No apparent movement. Sighting direction 310 deg.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-327 (TDE)
Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

I communicated with them in side line saucer and was given tests and threatened by them if I or said anything, I would rather tell you the story because of my fear.

I will contact you when I am returned from here.

I am here at this state hospital for observing this story!

Please let me know the results of this. It could mean my discharge here.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

[AGENCY]
July 7, 1964

Capt. W. H. Henry
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida

Capt. Henry:

I have been reading about the unidentified lights that appeared over Clearwater Beach the night of July 4th. I would like to give my account of what I saw.

My wife, two children (age 8 and 12) and I were seated along the bank of the east side of the Bay, at the foot of Turner Street. There were approximately 100 to 500 people assembled in this immediate area. About 20 minutes after the fireworks display had begun, we noticed some fairly odd looking lights toward the sky in the west. We saw five lights, suspended like a string of Japanese lanterns off in the west. The lights created much attention and most everyone in our area stopped looking at the fireworks display and watched. One man at four or five minutes they remained stationary. Another man was on his boat, about 20 or 30 lights. I could make out through my airplane that was circling the five lights were entirely different from the lights of the five stationary objects.

I thought I could distinguish in each object a set of three lights, it appeared there were two below and one above, forming a triangle. This gave triangle or lights were apparent in each of five objects. One of the objects began to flicker and appeared to be falling away. So this ground but it is my belief that it was, may have been a way to the west. After this to see, which gave the illusion of a falling object. In the other four objects, it began to blink and suddenly they disappeared as though they had been turned off.

I am convinced that this was not a reflection of any sort. The lights were clear and distinguishable. There were too many people around the strange sight. I will be happy to confirm it to any person or persons who may be interested.

[Signature area blacked out]


- page 3 -

Auto-Owners
INSURANCE COMPANY
CLEARWATER, FLORIDA 33515

Capt. R. L. Henry
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida


- page 4 -

Dunedin, Florida
July 7, 1964

Capt. R. H. Henry
Public Information Office
Tampa, Florida

Dear Sir:

In reply of your request in the Clearwater Sun of July 6, I will attempt to relate to you what I saw on the night of July 4 at the Dunedin Marina which is approximately 2.25 miles from the eastern end of the Memorial Causeway in Clearwater at about 8:20 P.M. Someone next to me said that some jets were coming. I looked to my left (I was facing west) and saw 6 red dots of light. At first I thought that they were jets and waited for them to fly over, but after a few minutes it appeared to me that the red objects were not moving. As I observed them more closely they seemed to hover in the air. Suddenly one red light started to descend toward the water. I followed it with my eyes until it faded from sight. Meanwhile above the other red lights very faintly there was a small dot of white light resembling a star moving above the other lights. All of this lasted only a few minutes. The lights were in the sky from where we were sitting from about 215° to 225°. I hope this bit of information will help you.

Sincerely yours,


- page 5 -

L. 216, Fla.

MacGill Air Force Base
c/o Capt. R. H. Henry
Public Information Office
Tampa, Florida

(There is also a postmark dated JUL 7 1964 and a postage stamp on the document)


- page 6 -

LARGO SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL
410 Missouri Avenue
LARGO, FLORIDA 33540

Captain R.H. Henry
McDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida

Public Information Office


- page 7 -

LARGO SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL
LARGO, FLORIDA

July 7, 1964

Attn:
Captain R.H. Henry
Dear Sir,

In regards to five bright lights reported in the sky over Bellaire Beach on the night of July 4th. From report that my family and a friend family (illegible) reported this phenomenon. We were on the most connecting connecting Bellaire Beach & Clearwater Beach viewing the locals display when my of the children spotted the bright lights over the sky. These five bright lights were constant and did not give the appearance of movement. My wife reported seeing the appearance of movement.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

one chuff out of this situation. I ask in fact on
glance might lights flying around the formation
and repeated to our group that it must be plane.
we dropped it then until your request was
noticed in the paper.

Below is a diagram, as these lights
appeared

Respectfully,


- page 9 -

Dear Sir;

Have just read in the Clearwater paper that you may be interested in our version of the mysterious red lights off Clearwater Beach on July 4th.

Five of us(all adults) while viewing the fireworks at approximately 3:30 to 3:45,saw 5 large red balloon like objects, much larger than usual. We at first noticed them to spawn to be very high in Causeway. When we first noticed them they were on a straight line with a banner being pulled by a plane. At the same time we saw through binoculars a plane circling more east and west like it was criss-crossing these objects. The plane appeared to be very high with flashing red and green lights. One could make out the plane without binoculars.

The nofl object moved to the no#2 and they both lost their color. No#3 dropped SLOWLY towards the earth on the gulf side until it was lost behind the trees--all this time the plane was going back and forth and it appeared the I from the plane loose after each pass of the plane. It seems most strange that no one knows of a plane being in this area, because regardless of what the red lights were there was a plane and it gave one a very eerie feeling.

These objects were in the sky for about 5 to 10 minutes and after all had disappeared the plane headed towards the east.


- page 10 -

Capt. R. A. Slancy
Diff. Office
Mt. Attn. the free form
Jumper th

(Note: There is also a United States Air Force seal/logo in the top right corner of the document)


- page 11 -

Capt. R.H. Henry
Public Information Office
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida

Dear Sir:

In response to your request in today's Clearwater Sun, here is a description of the red lights which were observed over Clearwater Harbor during the fireworks display on July 4.

The news story referred to six lights, but I saw only five. They appeared to be on the same altitude as the exploding fireworks, and were spaced very in a straight horizontal line running from the approximate location of the exploding fireworks in a northerly direction. The lights were there when I arrived, and were there when I left. The conclusion of the display, I assumed at first that they were part of an earlier rocket, since I arrived late. But they did not drift away as they would if they had been suspended from parachutes. They appeared to be aircraft lights or transmission tower warning lights. They neither flickered nor moved, although the drifting smoke sometimes obscured them.

I was standing at the top of the bluff facing west at the time, in the vacant site of the new city hall, directly east of the point of land where the fireworks were launched. There were several hundred people there who could have seen the lights also. Incidentally, the paper reports similar lights at the Dunedin fireworks display also.

I hope this might add something new to your investigations.

Sincerely,

[Signature redacted]

8 July 1964


- page 12 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form C

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point is shown. Place an 'A' on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a 'B' on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an 'A' on the compass when you first saw it. Place a 'B' on the compass when you last saw it.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a

31. Was anyone else with you or a
31.1 If you answered YES, d
31.2 Please list their names

32. Please give the following inf
NAME
ADDRESS
AREA
TELEPHONE NUMBER
Indicate any additional inf
I like
Astronomy
I am at
my best

33. When and in whom did yo
Day


- page 13 -

Clearwater, Florida 33515

Captain R. H. Henry
Public Information Office
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Pinellas Central
BANK & TRUST COMPANY
P. O. BOX 44    LARGO, FLORIDA

Belleair Beach, Florida                                July 6, 1964

Capt. H. W. Henry
MacDill Air Force Base,
Tampa, Florida.

Dear Sir:

After reading your request for information regarding the red lights in the sky on the evening of July fourth, I wish to state that I watched these lights until they went out.

I was sitting on my front lawn at Belleair Beach and after the fireworks display at Clearwater, and after the fireworks were over I continued to sit there and noted the large red lights and one small red lights at the side, over the Gulf. They looked like large red balloons and were ever so much larger than the customary port lights on an aircraft.

They hovered in one spot, maybe fifteen minutes after I first noticed them. The time must have been between nine and nine-thirty.

The Formation was as drawn:
The second and fourth light kept going out but returning. It seemed as if the small lift at the right moved but the others seemed stationary.

I hope this information may be of some help to you.

Yours truly,
[signature obscured]


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

Pirellas Central
BANK & TRUST COMPANY
P.O. BOX 44, LARGO, FLORIDA

Public Information
Officer

Capt. H. G. Henry
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida

The number "5" appears in the top right corner of the page.


- page 16 -

Largo, Florida
July 6, 1964

Dear Sir:

In the July 6th issue of the Clearwater Sun, you asked for descriptions of the six mysterious red lights spotted over the Clearwater Beach area, on the 4th.

The color description is what we viewed on the night of the 4th.

It was between eight-thirty and nine o'clock that my family and I were outside of our house, in the Pine Crest area of Largo. All of a sudden my mother drew to our attention six brilliant red lights over the beach area. As we viewed them it was hard to focus our eyes to them, because of their brilliancy. There was no engine sound or any other sound coming from them; they were completely silent. They were suspended in mid-air, and hovering in a straight line formation. There seemed to be a sort of leader, for the first light moved up and down with reference to the others. So we looked on longer the others too seemed to disappear and then reappear once more. Their size was a little larger than the North Star, and they, hovered for approximately three minutes. In an instant they disappeared, and we saw them no longer.

Sincerely yours,


- page 17 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Jr Capt. H. H. Henty
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida

There is a postmark on the right side of the document dated 1964, and a postage stamp is also visible.

Some text appears to be redacted with black markings, making those portions illegible.


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Capt. R. H. Horner
Walter Vegetable Depot
Attn: Maj. A. F. B.
Tifton, Florida

Dear Sir:

In response to your request to report observations, we are submitting the details about sighting.

I want to say first hand and I was sitting and took the area of Pacific/Atlantic near the N.W. area. I was told I had a clear and distinctly view of the area when the song what the position was shown, holding what between, the early part of July, starting that night, and that hours of the sighting.

The firework heavy area of 3 hours on a watch and a few dark and I did not consider it their their time. The fireworks lasted longer than a very short time. Bright & a.m. was near a point of the beach in a land I almost I straight time heard from the fireworks but when then did not make or what it became curious, and watched them more as we watched the fireworks. They after were somewhat with the different alone, but was this than the fireworks, which we were to be, and again the where that was not a sighting.

I watched for quite awhile. The sun was not to the left horizon, and the thing was, whether and the thing was, whether and whether and whether. I was not able to make out or see what or the follow up or what I could do or see. This is a happening view.


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

[The text is partially cut off at the top of the page]

...that the year was rather uncommon
but we were quite busy. Finally, after some time, we started
to see the beginning.

...we were now the first plane, mostly west. This plane was
not with, from near with. This was over near the west. There
was now another great haze on the earth. After further in-
quiries, we were more exact. Then and together. This seemed
to be much another way. First the formation looks, but they
were the ordinary, would be yet very, not quite a system in-

[A hand-drawn diagram appears in the middle of the page with some labels like "water level" and "horizon"]

I have not returned to the
fact in daylight to speak, but
it seems that account all in
detail.

For a general note - while I now have a somewhat
a better view, what I was in my home then, in the southwest
direction, was, was of our, but what really probably is our
other, what would not have been given. As we not intend to
definitely solve, but have some idea of our area to the
able yet of planning.

Sincerely yours,

[The signature is blacked out]


- page 20 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Capt. J. H. Hines
Public Relations Office
Mac Dill A.F.B.
Tampa
Florida

There is also a postmark stamp dated JUL 7 1964 and a postage stamp with an American flag.


- page 21 -

CLERK OF THE CIRCUIT COURT - PINELLAS COUNTY, FLORIDA

CLEARWATER, FLORIDA
PHONE 446-7151

July 6, 1964

Capt. R.H Henry
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida

Dear Sir:

My husband and I, also, several people around where we sitting watching the fire works Saturday nite saw these red lights in the sky. There were five or six of them and they appeared to be stationary for about 15 min. or so. There was what looked to be a small plane or some kind of aircraft flying around and around these red lites. Then all of a sudden they disappeared. We were puzzled about this too since they appeared shortly after the three planes maneuvered along the beach then climbed high and flew away. This is what we saw.

Mr. &
Ida


- page 22 -

Capt. R.H. Henry
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida

[There is also a partially legible handwritten note near the top right of the document and a postmark/stamp, but the text is not clear enough to transcribe with certainty.]


- page 23 -

Force UFO form continued

20. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

21. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

21a. If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

21b. Please list their names and addresses:

22. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted] College, [Redacted] Zone [Redacted]
AGE: 19 SEX: M

TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:

I like sciences and aeronautics, math astronomy and all sources of science.

I am at this address because of this flying saucer.
My present address is -
Harford State Hospital
Eaton Road
HARTFORD, Conn.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Because I
was threatened, by phone


- page 24 -

Here is the text from the document:

PAUL F. RANDOLPH, INC.
REAL ESTATE • BONDS • INSURANCE
CLEARWATER, FLORIDA 33517
July 6, 1964

Capt. R. H. Henry
Public Information Officer
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida.

Dear Sir:

An article in today's Clearwater Sun asks that we write you if we saw the six red lights in the sky Saturday night.

My wife and I were sitting in our rear yard watching the fireworks display in the distance when we noticed the lights. They were due west from us and far too high to be ground-connected. My recollection of them is this:

When first seen they were in a line extending from north to south. They were distant red lights with no sidelights. The northernmost light moved up and then passed over the other five lights in a southerly direction and disappeared from view. Shortly thereafter the second light from the south dropped apparently straight downward until it disappeared. I went for my telescope and when I returned tried to focus on the two remaining lights. One dropped downward and I followed it but could only see the light. Then the other disappeared in a downward direction. My wife said that the others had disappeared while I was looking for my telescope.

We were unable to form any opinion of what they were but we are certain that we saw them and that they went through the approximate maneuvers that I have described. I cannot give you the exact time that we saw them but we first noticed them while the clearwater fireworks display was on and the display ended while we were watching these lights.

Our home address is in Clearwater, Fla.
Our telephone number [REDACTED]
whose letterhead I am using.

Very truly yours,
[SIGNATURE REDACTED]


- page 25 -

Here is the text from the document:

FIRST SIGHTING

SECOND

THIRD

I WAS LOOKING
FOR TELESCOPE

NEXT SIGHTING

NEXT

NEXT

The document appears to be a handwritten chart or log with rows labeled "First Sighting", "Second", "Third", and multiple "Next" rows, with various circles and vertical markings on the page.


- page 26 -

Capt. R. H. Henry
Public Information Officer
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida.


- page 27 -

6 July 1964

Captain R. H. Henry, USAF
Public Information Office
MacDill Air Force Base, Florida

Dear Captain Henry:

I read in the Clearwater Sun this evening that you'd be interested in hearing comments from anyone who saw the so-called "red lights" in the sky during the fireworks performance here in Clearwater on the evening of 4 July.

I had a particularly good view of the lights, and was intrigued by one which I was not hearing mentioned by others as fact.

First off, I say, in the beginning, seven red lights, and immediately supposed they were "patrol lights" on an aircraft. The spacing was nearly perfect, as was the horizontal alignment. There was practically no motion, so I assumed there were seven planes in formation heading either east or southeast. Presently some variation in altitude was apparent, and then I saw a less intense light, white, doing a slow "orbit", left to right, around the red lights. This orbit was regular over a period of five minutes. It passed south-to-north above the red lights, north-to-south below.

Just before they all disappeared, several of the red lights varied considerably in altitude, rising and falling, and one of them, quite consistent in altitude, began to flicker occasionally. Throughout the time I saw them, the red lights maintained a fairly constant brightness, even when one of them was quite dim. The time during which I saw them was roughly ten minutes.

I shall be on two-week active duty with the 332nd Air Force Reserve Squadron at Cape Canaveral starting 12 July and running through the 26th, if there's anything else you think I might be able to add.

Sincerely,

[Signature and additional handwritten text are redacted/blacked out]


- page 28 -

Text found in the document:

Clearwater, Florida

Captain R. H. Mancy, USAF
Public Information Officer
Eglin Air Force Base, Florida

The document appears to be a letter or document with a postmark and stamp, with part of the sender's address redacted.


- page 29 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

HQ (TESP)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
3 September 1964

Miss [redacted]
[redacted]
Clearwater, Florida

Your letter of 7 July 1964 regarding the unidentified objects over Clearwater, Florida has been read with interest. By now you have probably read in the Clearwater Sun that the five red lights (objects) observed on the 4th of July were railroad flares (attached) to paratroopers, dropped by the pilot of a Cessna aircraft. A statement was made available to the public in a news release by the Information Officer at MacDill AFB.

Due to the pilot's statement and highly accurate descriptions of the sighting, by yourself and others, the case was quickly solved. Your interest in this sighting is appreciated not only by myself but the Air Force as well.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch


- page 30 -

7 July 1964

Capt. R. H. Henry
Public Information Officer
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida

Dear Capt. Henry:

In response to the newspaper article in the Clearwater Sun dated 6 July 1964, and our telephone conversation today, the following is my description of the lights which we saw Saturday evening, 4 July 1964.

I was in a group of people watching the Clearwater fireworks display. It was at approximately 8:30 p.m. that we noticed a row of five red lights in the sky to the north of the fireworks. From our location at the foot of Jones Street, the lights appeared to be hovering over Clearwater Bay, at approximately 30° elevation from the horizon.

The five lights were stationary, while a sixth red light seemed to travel around them. As the moving light turned and moved north, a blue (or possibly greenish-white) light seemed to replace the red. This indicated that it might be an airplane with a blue light on one wing-tip and a red light on the other.

Most of the people in our group seemed satisfied that the lights were either on helicopters or some other type of aircraft, or that they were part of the Clearwater or Dunedin fireworks display. With my sister, I felt that this was improbable. We walked to the water-front out of the street-light, where we thought we might see better. The lights were clearly visible from the extension of Jones Street which runs to the water-front beside the Belvedere Apartments building.

As we watched, one of the lights (possibly the moving light) traveled west toward the horizon and disappeared in the vicinity of a cloud bank. By 8:40 p.m., when the fireworks ended, the lights had completely disappeared -- not by moving away; they were just no longer there, as if someone had flipped a light-switch and turned them off.

As we started to leave the water-front area, we noticed a small plane, apparently a private plane, overhead, with a red light on one wing and a blue (or white) on the other. We felt that this might be the moving light that we had seen in the area of the five stationary lights.

We later learned, in discussing the lights with our cousin, that she had also seen five stationary lights in the sky to the north, as they watched fireworks from a dock on Treasure Island. We were unable to establish the exact time, although she was reasonably sure it was between 8:30 and 9:30 p.m.


- page 31 -

I hope the foregoing information can be useful in establishing the source of the curious red lights. If circumstances permit, I would very much appreciate being informed of the conclusion reached as to the cause of this puzzling event; envelope is enclosed.

(Mis[sing])


- page 32 -

Text found in the document:

Clearwater, Florida

Capt. R. H. Henry
Public Information Officer
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida

(There is also a postmark and a postage stamp visible, but the text on those is not fully legible from this image)


- page 33 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

6 July, 1964

Capt. R.H. Henry
Public Information Office
1199 Able, HAFB
Tampa, Fla.

Dear Sir:

Read with great interest your inquiry in the Clearwater News of 6 July, 1964. Billy Briggs, friends, and myself were present at the fireworks display July 4, 1964 in Clearwater and observed the six and lights above and in the article, also another continuing observation made by same one of the children. We all felt that was as plain as day.

In chronological order the events we saw and explained are as part of the show were as follows:

Early evening close to sundown at...

[The rest of the text at the bottom of the page is partially obscured by a black redaction mark]


- page 34 -

Information Only.
Sources:

Glen Canyon, Utah
Early July

Another Mystery Crater

Sometimes in early July "something" fell in the Glen Canyon area of Utah and on the 20th a group of ranchers rode horseback to the site of a 40-foot hole on a mountain 15 miles west of Glen Canyon. Reports that a meteorite had fallen prompted the search. The hole was first reported by Tony J. Mascaro two weeks prior to the date the crater was investigated, after a trip into the mountain back of his ranch nine miles from Riverton. The group of ranchers took pictures of the hole and plans were made to send them to a qualified geological experts. The source of this information is the Salt Lake Tribune for 20 July, and no other details were given. We are interested in further information, particularly pertaining to physical description of the hole, findings of scientists, etc.


- page 35 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

- 2 -

Overhead, from east to west.
At some point due west of us
they turn what appeared to be
90° to the starboard and proceeded
due south, out of our line of sight.

Later they appeared from the N.
W. to "hang" or fly down the
beach with the lead aircraft out
in front. The proceeded from the N.W.
due south, at which point almost due
west from us the second aircraft
in line instead the lead aircraft
and the formation passed out
of our line of sight in a steadily
direction in formation of 2 & 2, with
each trailing aircraft on the starboard
side of the lead craft.

At this point some time was
spent. We noticed from that the
plumache display on the beach.
Clearwater, had already started, 2 &
was completely dark when friends
arrived. At this time we all got
called to the packing hut just across
the street and the most of the
sky. Dusk in the Clearwater made
fading the case with the best
facing south.


- page 36 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-3-

At this time my we got
due west and wanted to see the
"place." It was at this point we
started to see red lights. due west
about 45° off the horizon.

They didn't appear to move either - west
or south and didn't grow larger
at any time. We thought these
could be Aircraft and put of the
position in Clearwater. We began
to watch the lights with great
interest. At this point our second
observation was made. Almost directly
overhead passed a large circular up-
floating object that was in the a huge
parachute. This object was not too
far out west and reflected the lights
from the ground. The object passed
at a fairly rapid rate from the S.W.
to N.E. and appeared to be drifting
a little to the wind.

During this object passed out of
sight we again watched the red lights.
Two or three if them appeared to think
out but not as apparent again. Note a
very rough sketch is enclosed showing
details position of the light appears now


- page 37 -

At this time the phenomenon was terminated and in the state of having on a round stone. The object was forgotten until the large newspaper article.

As an A.F. Veteran with some small experience in sighting and information of Aircraft I can state with some assurance that these "lights" did not appear to move in any direction. I only saw lights some seen and in one particular formation but a broken line. They seemed to blink or go out but response —

This may appear sketchy but again I want to emphasize what was assumed this was all part of the local 4th of July celebration.

I can this small amount of information can contribute in any small way to help solve this intriguing phenomenon.

Sincerely,

[The signature and name at the bottom are obscured by a black redaction]


- page 38 -

SKETCH

SIX LIGHTS (P52)

BALLOON OR PARACHUTE

EITHER THIS OR THIS

THESE THREE APPEAR
TO BLINK OR GO OUT IN THIS

THIS IS LOOKING DUE WEST ABOUT
25 OR 40° OFF THE HORIZON

THIS OBJECT DID NOT APPEAR
LARGE ENOUGH FOR HUMAN USE.
BUT ABOUT 1/2 SIZE ALMOST
PARACHUTE.


- page 39 -

The text I can discern on this document is:

Milli Gale
Cliff Henry
MARS
Honolulu, HI

There is also a postage stamp visible on the right side of the document. Some of the text is obscured by black redaction marks, making it partially illegible.


- page 40 -

Here is the text from the document:

Information Officer
USAF Hill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida

(There is also a postmark that reads "DUNEDIN JUL 7 1964 FLA.")


- page 41 -

July 8, 1964

Dear Sir;

This is in reference to the red lights seen in the area of Clearwater Beach on July fourth. I believe we saw them about 8:30 pm while at the Clearwater marina.

My husband also saw them and they seemed to be slower, but they seemed to stay in the same place for such a long time. Also they seemed to be on a slightly straight line from the time they first


- page 42 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Capt. R.H. Henry,
My husband and I went
spiraled nearly the entire in
the paper about the sea lights
inside there seen on the sky
5th of July.

And were watching the fire
works at Honolulu and I
called his attention to the
red lights like saw them also
and so did some one.

I thought they were some
lower lights, but now that


- page 43 -

Here is the text from the document:

saw them, not for a period of time to five minutes at least.

I believe that there were five or perhaps six lights in all. One seemed to drop out of line of the others and one of them disappeared for a few seconds and then reappeared in the same place.

I must admit we didn't watch them until they were gone because my husband got an ache in his eye.

I hope I have been of some help and please let me know what these things were.

Very truly yours,

[The signature is blacked out]


- page 44 -

I think about it they were
too close. He, my husband,
thought they were stars
just to follow for the fire
with display.

Before we left one of
the light moved away in a
south to 70 direction. The
thought then I was a
plane, but the more we
think about it the more
mysterious it becomes.

We just thought we let
better write us to let you


- page 45 -

Information Only
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64

Roseburg, Oregon
Last date of July 1964

Lake west of Dairy Reservoir, 
Roseburg, Washington. Reported sighting of group of UFOs 
flying in orbit, with red and 
green and white lights.


- page 46 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[Top of page]
III

knows you saw them else
and that. these were
definitely six red lights in
the sky that night

Sincerely,
[Signature area is blacked out with a black marker/line]

Note: Some words might be slightly inaccurate due to the handwritten nature of the text.


- page 47 -

Text found in the document:

Harper Springs, Fla.

Capt. R.w. Blayy, Public Information
Officer, Mt. Scott Air Force Base
Tampa

(There is also a postage stamp and postmark visible in the image)


- page 48 -

Dear Sir:

Your of me st 1300 Tuesday. Dr. obtained the six red lights while setting out in over town Saturday evening. We assumed it was some type of aerial acrobatic, specifically design a few 10th of a fly-by feature display.

The lights were visible to see for a period five minutes or had perhaps been there much longer before we noted them. They appeared to be perfectly spaced and stationary as though attached to a solid straight rigid with can long track. However, we observed what appeared to be the top vanished that after around & do between the red lights something quite similar of areas, the overall one flying at demonstrable distance alone or beyond & only gave the illusion of them flying in line.


- page 49 -

I have carefully transcribed the text from the document:

I had finally concluded that the objects were six helicopters, with extremely bright red lights on yellow, holding a stationary position. I observed the six-craft flying around & in between were the lights. These objects had as first a small red light & then a round white light. It seemed they appeared to change as the aircraft looked & maneuvered. (So aircraft usually have their different colored lights).

On the six flights disappeared a couple of them. Scattered as though they were a red glow, however, the others just went out, or, will turned off.

I cannot imagine the six patrol & or coast guard on duty not observing & photographing such a foreign light in our sky once the objects were visible to so many for such a long period of time.

I hope my description will be of some help.

Sincerely,

[The signature area is blacked out]


- page 50 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

Top left:
PS: What how [illegible text]
well the 5

Top right:
[Illegible text]
got to do

Mailing address (partially legible):
[Name and address partially obscured]
Dept of Defense
[Rest of address illegible]

Postmark visible but date is not fully clear

Large section in the middle is blacked out/redacted with black marker strokes.

The document appears to be a mailed letter or communication with significant portions intentionally obscured.


- page 51 -

Information Copy
Source: American UFO Committee, Review, Vol. 1, No. 2, Sep. 64.

Gainesville, Ga.
8 Sept. 1964

First 3 acres of land NE Georgian Catering around Gainesville, Ga.
were noted as reported "floating" sky phenomenon, 125 loghy to details here,
that was stated to have a UFO with a similar odor (like embalming fluid) after
the Parson incident.


- page 52 -

Information Only
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64

Denton, Mich.
6 July 1964

July 64, Denton, Mich. Two youths spotted a bright light moving "at a pretty good clip" over the area of Denton. Outside, Oregon: Several persons observed UFOs with trailing mass of light. The UFOs could not be convincingly identified.


- page 53 -

Information Only
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol. 1, No. 2, Pg. 64

Spartansburg, Penn
7 July 1964

July 2: Spartansburg, Penna: 3 teen-aged girls observed a bright light
which appeared to land.


- page 54 -

NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY

7 & 8 JULY
North Georgia

Cal 8

THURSDAY, JULY 16, 1964—The Macon Telegraph

Flying Objects Puzzle
North Georgia Residents
TOCCOA, GA. (UFP) — Residents of this North Georgia bridge area are keeping their
eyes peeled and hopes open for
an unidentified object that at least three
say smells "terrible."

One week later to the date,
Mrs. Fred Rodacker of Cabin Falls and a group of neighbors were sitting in her front
yard in a rural area when a
similar object, dipping low,
was seen in the late night hours.

The UFO was first sighted
with the size of an automobile.
Welford of Sharpsburg, S. C.,
saw what he described as a
huge, spinning top and about
the size of an automobile. It had
a brilliant glow and an odiferous U. S. 29 near its South
Carolina border. He described
a weird contraption. A
sailor counter test showed
signs of radioactivity on its

They also smelled an odor
"faint" connected with the
"thing."

The next Tuesday night, one
week later, little Patty Upton
was running into the house in
what her father described as
near hysteria. She and a friend
were riding a bicycle under a
strangely low-flying object,
flying low and smelling bad,
came into sight.

7 JULY

14 JULY


- page 55 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCES SAUCER NEWS, VOL II, No 3, Sep 64                                                   7 Jul 64
                                                                                            Newark, New Jersey

NEAR-LANDING

IN NEW JERSEY: The remarkable photograph at the right was taken in Newark, New Jersey, on the afternoon of July 7th by a man who has asked to remain anonymous. Two companions were walking toward his car after losing a friend's home. When they spotted a circular object surrounded by a halo, hovering over the street. By a stroke of luck, one of the men had a camera with him, and took this picture moments before the UFO drifted to the left and out of sight. As our original print of the picture clearly shows, several people on the street also saw the object, and we are told that traffic was stopped briefly, as motorists gazed in amazement. To the best of our knowledge, no report was made to the police, and the incident did not go to the newspapers. Our informant described the object as apparently 20 feet in diameter (not including the halo), and at a maximum altitude of 300 feet above the city street. It was silvery-white in color, and made no sound. A portable radio being carried by one of the men broke out, and, consisting partly of the motorists' reactions to whom our informant spoke, also reported trouble with his car radio at the same time. We are hoping to have more details about this startling incident for our December issue.


- page 56 -

INCOMING
MESSAGE

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BOARD

AO IN : 16825 (18 Jul 64) X/hx                                   PG 1 of 2
INFO : NIN-7, KOR-1, KOEX-5, SAF003-3, ARMY-2, CMC-9, JCS-35, OSD-15,
        NSA-7, DIA-15, (103)
        SMB A105

LKA034KHA442
PP RUEANG
DE RUHLKW 4 13/1153Z
ZJR
P 131154Z
F1 326AIRDEV KUNIA FACILITY HA
TO RUHLKW/PACAF
RUHPKW COMRA/SEAPRON
INFO RUEAIN/CSAF
RUECW/CNO
RUECW/SECNAV
RUWGALS/CTI.NCNORAD
RUHLHO/CINCPAC
RUHLHS/CINCUSARPAC
RUHLHL/CINCPACFLT


- page 57 -

NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY, 9 JUL 64, SANTA SEVERA, ITALY (NO ROSE)

HQDA/SAFOI/T8842/13 May 65

Dear [redacted]:

Thank you very much for your recent letter regarding unidentified flying objects. I am glad you are interested in this subject. I am sure you will understand that the work involved in examining the many reports received is very time consuming.

I am enclosing a copy of the current report on reports filed with Air Force on this subject. This report gives the official position of the Air Force on this matter.

In 16 years of investigating over 5000 reports of unidentified flying objects, the evidence has proved beyond reasonable doubt that all reports of aerial phenomena have been objects either created by man, such as balloons, aircraft, or caused by celestial bodies or the residue of meteoric activity.

I have never been any evidence that UFOs represent to the total impression and extraterrestrial vehicles. So much space reported to the Air Force has given any indication of a threat to this planet nor has any evidence been presented that any unidentified flying object could represent the scope of current technical or scientific knowledge.

During the course of investigating UFO reports, it is often necessary to cover Air Force, civilian, and weather reports. Due to the great distances between our investigation files, this would be extremely difficult for us to try to evaluate your report.

I have been in touch with the Assistant Air Attaches from Italy. We suggest that you contact someone at the following address:

Ministero Della Di Pensa Aeronautico
Stato Maggiore
I.R. Gabinetti 4
Rome, Italy


- page 58 -

Here is the text from the document:

Thank you again for your letter. If we can be of further assistance, please let us know.

Sincerely,

1 Incl
Blue Book Report
[Redacted]
by Kelly


- page 59 -

Project Blue Book Investigation Officer
Hq USAF (SAF-21PS)
Washington, D.C. 20330

Dear Sir:

I am writing that you are interested in unidentified flying objects. I do not know whether you are at liberty to give any scientific comments to questions arising.

Hoping it will be entitled to do so, I am addressing this letter, because - as with the present writing - I have been unable to resolve an answer to my question whatever it is. I clearly saw in the evening of July 9, 1964, about at 7 p.m. at Santa Anna, commune some 50 km north of Rome (Italy), a young man near this old site. Although, on the contrary, was unable to see, the buildings on the contrary places to look at a distance. He was in the field to pick some corn. He did...

(Note: The last sentence appears to be cut off at the bottom of the page)


- page 60 -

The text on this page is mostly illegible due to poor image quality. Only fragments of text can be partially discerned at the top of the page. 

At the bottom right of the page, there is a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be three or four aircraft or crosses in a row.

The bottom of the page has some faint text, but it is not clearly readable.


- page 61 -

UFOS OVER CUYAHOGA FALLS

July 9, 1964 . . . 11:30 P.M. (approximate) . . . A large white object moving at high speed was seen moving from S to N at 6° elevation in the eastern sky. It was 051 seen 50° south of (120° az.) and was last seen high in the sky in the NNE. This Venus-sized object was seen by 7 persons, 6 in one place. Its speed was greater than a jet's at altitude. (High altitude) Duration: 1-2 minutes.

Mr. King then noticed that 3 star-like objects were climbing toward the zenith from the E. These were at high altitude. He called it to the other 5 persons inside the shop.

The 3 objects in horizontal line formation proceeded toward the west. According to Mr. Thummer the "stars" took a diamond shape. He said, the star on the W corner moved SSE and took a stationary position at about 500 elevation. The 3 star triangular formation stayed in position for 3-4 minutes. There was some disengagement or how these objects disappeared. According to some, they were suddenly not there.

During this time an orange object approached from the S in short, slow, erratic movements. It stopped with it was SW and at 55° elevation. The light remained in this position for approximately 1½ hours. It diminished in size and intensely until it could no longer be seen.

No sound, trail, no red or green lights at any time. All aspects of this light were continuously by all 7 observers. Duration: 30 minutes. Observers: Mr. and Mrs. R. Thummer and children - Bob, 14 and Christy 11; Mr. and Mrs. R. Klang; Mrs. R. Romer.


- page 62 -

Information Copy
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64

Cleveland, Ohio
12 July 1964

July 12, Cleveland, O.: An unidentified projectile, but not a meteorite, crashed thru a Cleveland area and is now being studied in Mocus.


- page 63 -

Information on Call
Journal: American UFO Committee Parked, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64

Spartansburg, Penn.
14 July 1964

July 14: Spartansburg, Penn.: A skywatching team of 5 watched a UFO perform for 15 minutes near this city.


- page 64 -

THE MACON NEWS, Thursday, July 16, 1964

Unidentified Flying Object With Bad Smell Reported in Toccoa

TOCCOA, Ga. (UPI)—An unidentified object of June 30 by D. E. Welch, Carolina border. With a cigar counter large object, dropping frequently to
resident filing a report of a flying saucer with a bad smell was reported Tuesday. Welch said a cigar counter large object, dropping frequently to the ground near his home.

The text appears to be partially cut off or obscured, making some parts illegible. The headline and beginning of the article are visible, discussing an unidentified flying object with a bad smell reported in Toccoa, Georgia.


- page 65 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Strange Objects
Creating a Furor

By TOM WINFIELD

GAINESVILLE, Ga.—Reports of unidentified flying object sightings here in northeast Georgia have created a furor of excitement among inhabitants of this area—especially among those who claim they have seen an unearthly apparently circling overhead.

I was called Tuesday night and asked to come to a Gainesville motel.

When I arrived, with Embry, an employee at the motel, shortly after, from a parking area, "Hurry, it's coming back!"

MYSTERIOUSLY

I picked towards the southeast, circling over the southeast section of Gainesville. It was about 150 feet up and moving in a very arc. It stopped, hovered for a few brief moments and began to move off in the direction it came, Suddenly, it came up and into the cloudless sky out of sight.

There was no doubt that I had seen something. When I was recalled only by speculation because the closest it came was at least three-quarters of a mile away. The sky was clear and bright, and the stars were clearly visible.

WITNESS TELLS TOP

The object was bowl - shaped resembled a top. The top section of the object was not visible. If there was one.

Before it moved out of sight, I tried to photograph it, but when developed the film showed no sign of register.

The object appeared to be metallic to some extent and seemed to alter its shape or color from the ground.

MANY INTERVIEWED

Last week, I drove to Turner while in Habersham County near Tallulah Falls to interview persons who reported a sighting.

The nine were not together when they sighted the object, but they said, but at three different points in the same neighborhood.

The combined reports related this story:

Jimmy Foster, Demorest, was visiting his mother and father, Mr. and Mrs. Kenny Ivester, at Turnerville. Together, they were part of the family, they were watching television, and the annoyance was so bad that they decided to turn it off.

STOPS OVER GARDEN

They went out on the front porch. Right away, one of them sighted something moving. The object hovered over Ivester home and hovered across the highway over a garden at the home of Mrs. Russell Hickman. It made no noise.

All that was visible was the bottom side. From the dark top-side there were clear lights in a row of red lights around, some red.

They said the object was bowl-shaped and hovered only several feet above the garden. The red and clear lights disappeared and the object began to rise. When it did, a brilliant green light shone from the bottom, floating like forest.

LEAVES GROUND

Whatever it was left a terrible odor described as "something like embalming or brake fluid" but no one seemed to know exactly what the odor was.

Frightened, one of them called Habersham, some A. J. Chapman who drove from Demorest and was on a few short moments after the object reappeared and moving away.

The sheriff corroborated the presence of the odor and vouched for the sincerity of those who said they had seen the object.

SHERIFF COMPLAINS

The sighters did not seem to want to talk about it, and did not particularly care whether or not I believed their story.

Mrs. Hickman complained she felt a stinging, burning sensation after the object left her daughter, Diane, 15, but was almost closed, swollen and were almost closed.

The document is dated 14 July 1964 and appears to be from The Atlanta Constitution newspaper, with a handwritten date of July 17, 1964 in the top right corner.


- page 66 -

Information City (No Case)
Control: BSIC

FIREBALLS GALORE

July 17, 1964 - Five Instances . . .

1. On this date, a triple flight of 3 satellites was launched. It was successfully carried out.

At 11:15 P.M., in Clinton, Ohio . . . (15-20 miles S.W. of Akron, at Vanderhoof and Kingle Road) Mrs. Billings and 12 other old neighbors saw a huge, yellow ball of light "as large as a beach ball" hanging in the sky. It had a very short reddish trail. Moving from S to NW, it seemed to come from the direction of Canal Fulton. It descended at an angle of 25-30° and went out just above the houses. No sound, clear cut edges, no sparks. Duration: 3-4 seconds.

2. At approx. 11:20 P.M. . . . Cuyahoga Falls . . . Mrs. Roy Penner and her neighbor Mrs. John McCan saw a large yellow light about 15° up on the West horizon. No sound. Duration: 1-2 seconds.

3. S.W. Akron, Ohio . . . 10:45 P.M. . . . An arcing, greenish-yellow object about 1/4 the size of a full moon, was seen going SE to NW. It was seen by Mrs. Milton Nice. Sound: Duration: 1-2 seconds.

4. Kent, Ohio . . . 10:45 P.M. . . . A very bright white object and trail were seen going from SE to NW. Duration: 2-3 seconds.

Fireball Explodes Over Cleveland . . . July 17, 1964 (time?)
1. It was reported by KYW AT 1200 P.M. news of July 18, 1964. It was supposedly seen by many and exploded into red, green, and white fragments.

Dr. Jones of Sohio Lab when contacted said that it probably was a sporadic meteor, and not part of any predictable shower of meteors. You heard the word - Sporadic - just like UFOs.

Various Areas of Ohio


- page 67 -

AF IN : 16825 (18 Jul 64)
RUAUAZ/COMUSJAPAN
RUAGC/COUKKOREA
RUAGFL/COMUSTDC
RUCGBY/CINCSAC
RUHPD/COMJUSPFORPAC
BT
UNCLAS C I R V I S
1. CIRVIS REPORT
2. UNITED 8199
3. SATELLITE BURNER DJ
4. BRIGHT BLUE AND WHITE FRAGMENTED AT END.
5. 26NORTH 147 WEST
6. 18/0832Z
7. ALTITUDE, 45DEGREES TO 15DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON.
8. DIRECTION 210DEGREES TRUE NORTH.
9. SPEED UNKNOWN.
BT
NOTE: ADVANCE COPY DELIVERED TO DIA, NIN, KOPX.
THIS MESSAGE RETRANSMITTED TO CIA.


- page 68 -

Here is the text from the document:

BLINKER OVER PARMA

July 17, 1964 ... 9:45 P.M. ... At the same time that the Nickols were experiencing a sighting with Whitney Rd., two Parma residents spotted a large, high-flying, lighted white object moving from the N.E. The object's steady flight to the S.W. took it past the observers who saw it at an angle of 55-60° elevation and to their left. (They were facing N.) The object was a dime" blinked every two seconds; an intense bluish-white on a much less intense white. (The object was constantly illuminated.)

Its general shape was round, maybe oval. The object moved slowly and with no apparent direction. Its angular velocity was 2-3°/sec. Duration was about 2-3 minutes. Weather - clear. Observed by Mr. and Mrs. R. Immermann.

Note: For its flight path, refer to map (IV) and x(a). Follow arrows southward.

MRS. MECKEL GETS AN EDUCATION

On the day after the sighting Mrs. Meckel called several places. At NASA, they told her no one there was qualified to speak to her about her experience. The Planetary Center did not answer. An Air Force Agency (Mr. Sylvester) instructed her to write a full report to ATIC (UFO Center) at Dayton, Ohio. (She did not.) The State Police told her that no person not known to be specially trained could make a report. She then went into ionization due to friction, radiation of light, etc. She knew better, but learned from anyway. When she wrote her letter to ATIC, she pointed out the explanation given her by the spokesman at Scioto Labs, in the face of her detailed explanation of what she had seen. She suggested that present day books and knowledge certainly must be wrong if bodies can stop, turn, fly, and change speeds, etc.


- page 69 -

Here is the text from the document:

Information Only (No Case)
Group 83

Prof. Musey also was given a letter by Mrs. McKinlinson, that she received from a friend in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho, who quoted from a Missoula, Mont., paper:

"Some people in Missoula have seen a saucer land on a hilly field behind their house. It was up as big as a house, encircled by lights and occasionally directing a beam of light into the air from the oil furnace started up and the ranch animals were large and shaped like a saucer."

The Missoula Flight Service and FAA said none of its men had picked up anything on its electronic gear or huge radar unit.

The letter also stated that a space ship was reported to have landed in their area some months ago - it was joined by four others.

The night before the item appeared in the paper, Mrs. Heck saw a big top-shaped shining "aluminum" object at about 200 feet over the river. It was all lit up around the edge. She called her husband and they "saw a second, a third and a fourth" of these flying objects that night of July 17th.

Two boys, 10, and 8, respectively, saw a "big ball of fire like the sun" flying very low right over our woods. "One boy said it moved around and finally downed near the woods and another said a "round thing went out". One of the boys said he could see and I began to move and was heard and they watched it for what seemed "about half and hour". Mrs. Edwards said she was telling the truth. They aren't allowed to see those "Outer Limits" programs, and they have not been in a habit of making things up.

17 July 1964
Missoula, Montana


- page 70 -

Information Daily
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol. 1, No. 2, Sep 64

Loring, Ohio
17 July, 1964

UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT - Object was first sighted by two witnesses who were flying in a light plane near the coast of California. The object was in flight at an estimated altitude of 1000 feet and appeared to be metallic and round in shape. The two witnesses observed the object for several minutes before it disappeared from view. No further details are available at this time.

Hyman, Akron, Ohio - Sighting Occurred
Early 1964.


- page 71 -

Information Only
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64

Fostoria, Ohio
17 July 64

July 17: Fostoria, Ohio: A married couple in this city reported seeing a large saucer-like UFO for 1 1/2 minutes. Approximately 10:30 PM, Friday, 10 & 8 miles SE of Findlay, near US 23 & Rd 568, Southwest Michigan Downs at person reported seeing a UFO which apparently changed color and was time over not a whirling sound.


- page 72 -

7th July 1964

Capt. R. H. Henry
MacDill Air Force Base, Tampa

Dear Capt. Henry:

At about 8 p.m. on the 4th of July, my husband and I went out in front of our house, which is located directly across (South) of the Clearwater Air Park. We were joined by 3 neighbors. Living in one of the highest elevations in Clearwater, we were able to view both the Clearwater and Dunedin Fireworks. At approximately 8:20 p.m. one of the ladies saw the 6 red lights above, I assume the water. At first they were all of the same intensity, very bright. They seemed not to be moving. Then as we watched, all grew weaker and weaker, except the one on the left side (South), then that one disappeared too. The whole thing lasted about 15 minutes. My father in law, tells us now that he saw them too - he was on the bay front and tells us that along with the red lights, he saw a greenish - blue light travel from North to South just above them.

I hope this helps in some way to clear up the mystery.

Sincerely,

[Signature area is blacked out]
Clearwater, Fla. 33515


- page 73 -

Capt. R. H. Henry, Public Information Officer
MacDill Air Force Base, Tampa


- page 74 -

Here is the text from the document:

HONEYWELL
MINNEAPOLIS - HONEYWELL REGULATOR COMPANY

July 8, 1964

Capt. R. H. Henry
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida

Dear Captain:

In response to your request to submit data pertaining to the viewing of the six lights during the July 4th Fireworks demonstration, I would like to submit my observations.

My family and I were viewing the celebration from the east and north side of the Memorial Causeway in the vicinity of the Clearwater auditorium at approximately 8:30pm, (although I am not absolutely sure of the time). I noticed five red lights in the air in a west southwest direction. Those lights appeared at an angle of elevation of about 10 to 15° and subtended an arc of approximately 20°. The lights were stationary in relation to the earth and to each other. Four of the five lights had a constant brightness; the fifth light, however, appeared to pulsate. The article in the paper mentioned six lights. I had five. After a period of approximately 8 to 10 minutes, the lights simply disappeared. I called my wife's attention to them and the attention of nearby spectators. One of these spectators had in his possession a pair of binoculars. Both he and I viewed the lights through these, but without being able to confirm any additional information. The phenomena appeared against a dark sky since departed the area.

I considered and rejected the ideas that these were (1) aircraft, (2) fireworks display, (3) balloon or blimp, or (4) warning devices on any high structure. I was incapable to determine the distance or magnitude of brilliancy of these lights at night.

I hope that these observations will be of some assistance to you.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]
Clearwater, Florida


- page 75 -

HONEYWELL
MILITARY PRODUCTS GROUP
AERONAUTICAL DIVISION • ST. PETERSBURG, FLORIDA
6400

Capt. R. H. Henry
Public Information Office
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida


- page 76 -

Dept. R.H. Hary
3rd Dist. 3rd Level
Wing

Genry,

[The rest of the text is too faint or illegible to confidently transcribe. There appears to be some handwritten text and a small oval-shaped drawing or notation in the middle of the page, but the details cannot be clearly made out.]


- page 77 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Capt. R. H. Henry
4th Air Rescue Sq
Hickam AFB
Hawaii

There is also a postmark stamp in the top left corner, though the details are partially illegible. The page appears to be a letter or document envelope.


- page 78 -

Here is the text from the document:

ASTRONOMY
Science News Letter for June 27, 1964

Scorpion Shines in South
Four planets, Saturn, Jupiter, Mars and Venus, appear in the sky and a partial eclipse of the sun will be visible in the polar region during the month of July.

By JAMES STOKLEY

ALONG WITH OTHER characteristic of the summer evening sky, the sky map shows how the sky will look when the evening skies were devoid of prominent planets. Saturn appears, further on, in the southeast.

On the accompanying maps you see the positions of the heavenly bodies at 9 p.m., your own kind of daylight saving time, on July 10, and how a short time will be of the moon.

You can easily trace Scorpius by its red star Antares, which points to the left, to nearly Libra, then to the four bright stars of the tail. Just to the right, the tail sends the last constellation group of Libra, the scales.

Further right and a little higher is Virgo, the virgin, with bright Spica. Above Virgo is the Great Bear, or Big Dipper. The left of Scorpius is the horizon.

Although Ophiuchus does not have any stars of the first magnitude, the constellation is interesting to those who study star maps. On the old star maps, which pictured this constellation as a man holding a snake, which is the constellation of Serpens, part not to the right, the other to the left of the serpent bearer.

Saturn Low in Southwest
Low in the southeast, at the times for which the maps are prepared, is bright Saturn. It is pretty dim because it is low in the earth's atmosphere. But later in the night, it will be higher and further south. Higher in the southeast shines bright Venus. In Aquila, the eagle, one of the bright stars is Altair. The main point of this constellation, which pictures a swan, is to the left, and shows in the northern sky some bright stars.

To the northwest is the familiar Great Dipper, with Benetnasch, Mizar and Alcoth forming the handle. Just within it is the bowl, as the lower end are Dubhe and Merak, the pointers. A line through these two stars points to the North Star, which always shows us the north, particularly almost directly overhead. This Great Dipper is actually part of the Great Bear, Ursa Major. In the little dipper, which is part of Ursa Minor, the handle is made up of three stars.

Measuring Star Distances
Astronomers have measured the distances of these stars, like many others, by their parallax. This is the shift they seem to make in the sky as viewed six months apart, when the earth is first on one side of its orbit, then six months later on the other side, 93 million miles from the sun, so this is a change in the viewport of 186 million miles, the diameter of the earth's orbit. This means the parallax, the measure of the apparent change in the position of a star is Altach, the star in the Dipper's handle.

Toward the east, and the farther because much, at the end of the hand. As a unit of distance, the astronomer uses the light year, which is about 6 trillion miles. This is the distance that a beam of light, with a speed of 186,000 miles a second, would travel in a year.

[Two star charts are also present in the image, showing the positions of various constellations and stars, but as instructed, I have not described their details.]


- page 79 -

The text on the page is partially legible. Here's what I can make out:

Dear [illegible]
with met the [illegible]
I am the [illegible]
[illegible] the Clearwater [illegible]
[illegible] side [illegible]
[illegible] this [illegible]
male. first [illegible]
side. this [illegible]
[illegible]
? 0
[illegible] of Union
[illegible]

There is a large black redaction/censorship mark at the bottom right of the document.


- page 80 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Col Raymond W Henry
Chief Information
Mac Dill AFB, Fla
Tampa, Fla

There are also two stamps/markings:
1. A circular postmark stamp dated 1964
2. An "A1 BUS" stamp


- page 81 -

Here is the text from the document:

Capt R. H. Thomy
Macs Base Gila Bend, Ariz.
Fueling Station

Dear Sir:

We + observe the (4) red lights on the shelf-off clearwater - July 4 th. We thought in our act lights seemed to be grand finale to the show set lights, seemed stationary. Plane plane in front of them - seemed to be part of the act. We thought. The plane came from our backs off them and plane danced in front of them a couple of times.

Very truly yours,

[The rest of the document is redacted with black lines]


- page 82 -

Here is the text from the document:

Capt. R 74 Army
Mule Base Cos Jorge Baca
Tampico, Veracruz

Dear Sir:

We 4 obtained the (X) red lights on the
stuff off clearwater July 4 th. We thought
in view to be a grand finale to the Dominion
the red lights seemed stationary. Of course
plane in front of plane - seemed to be part
of the act we thought the plane came
from in back of plane and plane directly
in front of plane a couple of times

Very truly yours,

[The rest of the document is redacted with black lines]


- page 83 -

Here is the text from the document:

St. Petersburg
Florida

Capt R H Henry
Mac Dill Air Force Base
Tampa
Florida

(There is also a postmark and stamp visible on the document)


- page 84 -

July 6, 1964

Capt. [redacted]
Public Information Officer
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Fla.

Subject: Red Light Phenomenon Over Clearwater Beach

Sir:

Saturday Evening around 8:30 P.M. on July the Fourth 1964 while watching fireworks at Clearwater from the Bellair Beach Causeway, my wife and I contacted the base Red Lights around 8 others. This is my description of them:

There were five of them staggered in a north-south line and the sixth was clearly circling the others, at about one revolution per two minutes. After watching a short while I looked away and later looked back again. I saw only two or three lights stationary and the one still circling. Later I noticed only one stationary and the one still circling. When we first noticed them I thought possibly a helicopter had dropped flares to help drop, but instead stayed in the same general vicinity the whole time. From what I could see at the Bellair Causeway they were a non-threatening direction at about 45 or 50 degrees angle with the ground. I did not see them become or come or where they disappeared too.

I hope this information will aid you and turn up no mysteries.

Thanks for listening,

Clearwater, Fla.


- page 85 -

Text found in the document:

Capt. R.H. Henry
Public Information Officer
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida

There is also a postmark stamp visible, but the text is not fully legible.

A portion of text in the top left appears to be blacked out/redacted.


- page 86 -

July 9, 1964

Capt. R. H. Henry
Public Information Office
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Fla.

Dear Sir,

At approximately 8:30 P.M., July 4th, my family and myself noticed the six red objects five to ten miles in the Gulf at around 15,000 to 25,000 feet.

The six red objects were in a horizontal position equally spaced over a mile or so.

They were circled by a white object of a much smaller size in a counter clockwise oval. As the white object circled the number two (from South to North) object flickered out and dropped into the Gulf. Numbers three and four fell together, then number one and number five and number six. As each red object dropped out, the circle of the white object would shorten.

As our attention went back to the fireworks of the fourth, we did not see what happened to the white object.

Yours sincerely,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 87 -

Clearwater, Fla.

Capt. R. H. Henry
Public Information Office
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Fla.

(There is also a postmark visible on the right side of the document from July 9, 1964 in Florida)


- page 88 -

July 7, 1964

A story it may concern,

My daughter, son-in-law, husband and I were on the causeway at Clearwater Beach on the evening of July 7 at 9:30 were sitting watching the fireside. They went off on part of the Clearwater. My son-in-law is near Singsand to look toward the beach and see what we are doing. Suddenly my flying saucer "to set could see" this lights coming toward Clearwater. We thought they might be a place on the gate. That we earlier passed over. These lights were coming over the gulf. I have an of flight report to back our and just stayed there. We saw 2 cars and 2 out lights. Our first light ahead and on the rise. This after quite they heard to get flat surface into the sky. They moved in perfect formation as we thought they might be on orbit. We had all just forgotten about this when we saw these objects on last night's paper. Hoping this information is of some value.

I am sincerely,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 89 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER FOR JUNE 27, 1964

Antipolio Substance
A substance extracted from shellfish, now being tested
on mice, may someday help in the control of polio, influenza
and perhaps even cancer in humans—By Faye Marley

[Rest of first column text is partially illegible, but begins with:]
IN THE JUICES of oysters and clams...
[Continues with some illegible sections]

[Second column contains more legible text:]
Celestial Time Table for July
JULY EDT
5    4:53 p.m.
7    2:00 a.m.
9    7:34 a.m.
16   7:45 a.m.
20   5:00 a.m.
26   11:33 a.m.

[Bottom of page includes sections on:]
- New Enzyme
- Public Health: "Deadly Snakes Kill 30,000 People Yearly"
- Biochemistry section

[There is also an image caption that reads:]
"SPACE BUG"—A model of a proposed bug-like one-man craft, only 16 feet tall and equipped with three mechanical arms, has been developed by engineers of the Lockheed Aircraft Corporation, Burbank, Calif., for planning maneuvers between satellites in space.


- page 90 -

Text found in the document:

AFTER 5 DAYS RETURN TO
Clearwater, Fla. 33515

Capt T R H Henry
Public Information Office
Macdill Air Force Base
Tampa Fla.

(There is also a postmark and postal stamp on the envelope, but the details are not fully legible)


- page 91 -

Capt R H Henry
Publications & Information Office
Hq USAF/DIROPS
Tampa
Florida

[The rest of the text in the body of the letter is too illegible to confidently transcribe. There is a postage stamp in the upper right corner of the document and some handwritten text, but the details are not clear enough to read with certainty.]


- page 92 -

The text is partially legible, with some words and phrases clear and others difficult to read due to handwriting and image quality. Here's the text I can discern:

[First paragraph is mostly illegible, with fragments like "... in our timeline" and "from the Lander University" visible]

[Middle paragraphs are partially readable but too fragmented to confidently transcribe entire sentences]

There is a large black redaction/censorship mark in the middle-left portion of the document that obscures some text.

The bottom of the page contains some additional text, but the legibility is poor and I cannot confidently reproduce the full text.

The document appears to be a handwritten report or letter, likely from a Project Blue Book file related to a UFO sighting or investigation near the Pacific region (based on the filename).


- page 93 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Captain R.H. Barry
Public Information Officer
Wright-Pat-Tec-1962
Dayton, Ohio

There is also a postmark stamp visible, but the text is partially illegible. The document appears to have two black redacted sections at the top and bottom of the page.


- page 94 -

Clearwater, Florida
July 7, 1964

Capt. R. H. Henry
Public Information Officer
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida

Dear Sir:

I am writing in answer to your request for information on the sighting of the red lights west of Clearwater Beach on the evening of July 4th.

I saw six red lights in the sky that seemed to be hovering in one place and a smaller white light appeared to circle the red lights. After a few minutes the second red light from the left moved off to the west and disappeared. A few minutes later the two on the right and followed the same pattern heading south west. The rest followed in the same direction later.

Respectfully,

[Signature and name are redacted]


- page 95 -

Capt. R. H. Henry
Public Information Officer
McDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida


- page 96 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Letterhead location redacted], FLORIDA

July 6, 1964

Captain W. H. Henry
Public Information Officer
Mather Air Force Base
Biro, Fla.

Dear Captain Henry:

An article in the Fraser Sun today has further confirmed my curiosity regarding the red lights which appeared over the Gulf of Mexico near Clearwater Beach Saturday night.

By with a friend I was watching the fireworks at Dunedin Marine, we were sitting at the balcony of the Fish House at the Marina when we had an unobstructed view of the sky.

We noticed five red lights in the sky far out and high up in the sky. These were stationary at first, then some had lights and moved around and traveled the lights to the extent that we overlooked some of the movement.

The lights were red, spread somewhat horizontally across the sky and somewhat stationary. At first it was brought to plain view by a pair of binoculars. Further viewing indicated to us they were not moving. Closer observation also revealed that while five lights were visible, they seemed to be at different altitudes, if of similar size. Then we noticed that one or two other lights would appear and then disappear. The ground level was blowing from the west. This falling light was quite natural.

My impression was that some airplanes, as part of the day's celebration, had passed over the area (probably around 10 o'clock) and then continued to fly so and seem still they burned out.

From all this we can say that we saw five bright white lights almost imperceptible white lights. Because of the time it took for the lights to be seen, and the fact that the white light was so small that it is was, plus it was quite a way off, the lights were remarkably dim.

Having served in the Navy during WWII aboard a destroyer in the Pacific, I have had some experience with objects in the sky. The fact that other people with me at the time witnessed the lights further substantiates my opinion that I am not making things up.

I am not hesitant but merely curious and hope this account of observations may be of assistance to you.

My Best,
[Signature redacted]


- page 97 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Certain Ms Lt Emery
Public Information Officer
McChrd AFB Force Base
Altus, PA

There is a date stamp in the top right corner that appears to read JUL 24 1964.

Most of the document appears to be redacted with a large black rectangular redaction in the center of the page.


- page 98 -

May 3, 1964

Capt R H Denny
Public Information Officer
HQ-DASC AFS
Topeka, Santa

Dear Captain Denny:

This is my recollection of the unknown red lights.

On the evening of July 4 my son and I sat at the foot of the town street in Eleinda to watch the fireworks display.

Between 9 pm and 9:30 pm we sighted six red lights in a straight line. They were in the southwest at an elevation of 30° to 45°. The lights were in a loose formation, and the wandering up and down, while maintaining the straight line formation. The lights were bright and solid visible. Occasionally a light would fade out, then re-appear on the same general spot.

One light climbed higher than the rest, proceeded to the left out of the line of lights, went then to the right of it. Slowly often it faded out - as would a jet engine fume. That the point of the scene was very fine, very near. The point of the scene was very fine, very near.


- page 99 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Handwritten text, slightly tilted and partially cut off on the left side]

...one of the lights similar those to most
...at to the left and of the line, at which
time the light faded. In its place was a very pale
green or blue light. It was so pale that
position color identification was impossible. This pale
blue (or green) light was descending at a 45° angle
from left to right. The angle appeared to what
60° (measured to the horizontal). The light disappeared
in the mist on the horizon.

The remaining white star on the base stayed
time stationary, but seemed the lights were explained,
but we thought it strange that they did not
apparent direction of flight.

I did not see the lights disappear or fade out or
I seemed apparent in the foregoing.

[A portion of the text is obscured by a black redaction]

I hope I have been of service.

[Another portion at the bottom is also redacted]


- page 100 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, I was standing, by a lake. And watching the sky and cloud. I thought was a falling star was a flying saucer.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   [x] No   Don't know   If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   [x] No   Don't know   If you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: difficult to describe, humming, silent, white noise, humming, faint
b. Color: yellowish, white, white-ish, grayish, glittering, faint

18. [Partially illegible - bottom portion of question cut off]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can with words, particular, and possibly tell with or report trails. Place an arrow below the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Drawing includes two sketches:
- Top sketch labeled "CYRUS" with an arrow
- Bottom sketch of a saucer-like object labeled "STRESS" with a vertical line underneath]

26. In order that you can better evaluate the object, check the items below that best describe it:
2 PLANE


- page 101 -

Here is the text from the document:

Captain R. H. Henny
Public Information Officer
MCDDO A. F. B.
Tampa, Florida

There is also a postmark stamp in the top right corner dated JUL 14 1964 and a postage stamp. A section of the document is blacked out with a horizontal black redaction bar.


- page 102 -

Captain R. St. Henry,

On the night of July 4th in my watch on sail & able near San Jose Street, about a mile from the marine, watch the fireworks. After the fireworks began we noticed six red lights apparently stationary, stationery. Soon the one on our right crossed over toward left and moving so showed a green light instead of a red like airplane lights 20 sec. he got to the left he spirled down and then later disappeared. One barge on the night and some


- page 103 -

Here is the text from the document:

and. under the total four
for reaching the left.
home the four split into two
groups and went in different
directions. While watching
the split I forgot about
the second one to cross
much, but, when I began
asking of fog it began
find it all shape its
information my same way
might help you.

Yours Truly,

[Note: There is a black redaction bar at the bottom of the page]


- page 104 -

July 6 64

Dear Sir,

I have here, for your file, the most significant report of a UFO sighting from this area. The details will be noted from the accompanying report.

We noticed the object, from our base near Klawock Bay. The procedure, display was in progress at the time however from our location we could not see clearly the object. Despite aerial display.

There was merely a pair of white marks of 52 seconds and could see the lights very clearly from this site. At the same time white plane for now in a line and merely appeared and was slowly climbing clear up with a white object stationary.

There was an airplane circling at some time and other white lights on side. The strange white lights that are same coincidental appearance as the lights on the plane except that they were white and bright.

Aerial lights seemed to stay in fighters and other white lights aerial to stay in a tight line. There was no other to make it a clearly forming pattern.

Briefly, some notes of a sighting of one of the lights told me that it was one of the lights to tell quite a strip in altitude.


- page 105 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[Top of page, first lines are partially illegible]
...new of time for record... 
...though we... 
...I still cannot... 

CLEARWATER, FLORIDA

[Postal/date stamp, partially obscured]

Capt. R. H. Thomy
Hilo Delle AFB
Olympia
Fla

Note: Some text at the top of the page is difficult to read clearly, so I have indicated where text is partially illegible or incomplete.


- page 106 -

CAPT R.H. HENRY
PUBLIC INFORMATION OFFICER
MOBILE AIR FORCE BASE
TAMPA, FLA.

DEAR SIR,

ON JULY 4TH, AT THE FIRE WORK DISPLAY, MY WIFE
AND I SAW THE 5 RED OBJECTS IN THE SKY OVER THE
CLEARWATER HARBOR. SINCE IT WAS DARK AT THE TIME, THEY
LOOKED AS RED BALLOONS AT AN ELEVATION OF 1500 WHERE
WE WERE SITTING. THEY APPEARED TO STAND STILL. BUT
AFTER A MINUTE OR TWO THE ONE TO THE SOUTH PEELED
OFF TO THE SOUTH BUT THE OTHERS REMAINED STILL FOR
ABOUT 1/2 MIN THEN THEY ALL WENT OFF TO THE SOUTHWEST
AND THE FIRST ONE SEEMED TO JOIN THEM AS THEY ALL
DISAPPEARED. TIME WAS PROBABLY ABOUT 9:20 P.M. I DID
NOT LOOK AT MY WATCH.

VERY TRULY YOURS


- page 107 -

Clearwater, Fla. 33515

Capt. R. H. Henry
Public Information Officer
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Fla.


- page 108 -

Capt. R.H. Henry,
Dear Sir:

I'm regarding to this(5) have
red lights seen at the same
time as the fire works were on
at Honolulu (7/4/62)

I was at home watching the fire
works all watching the fire
would so they appeared where
the tree was, it then I notice
the fire bright red lights.
As I watched them I
became aware they started
appear to be moving, but
I was my place is to record
see the lights at a different org
such lighting in weather around
the fire red lights, as this
had not been noticed before

(Handwritten date at top right appears to be 7/7/64)


- page 109 -

Here is the text from the document:

in the f. flerg, & thought I
would bring this to your
attention.

I thought at the time
it was part of the activity
I read the different articles
in the p-f-st.

Yours truly,

Dunellin
Fla.

Capt. R. H. Henry
Public Information Officer
Hurlburt Air Force Base
Tampa, Fla.

There is also a postmark visible from June 7, 1964.


- page 110 -

Clearwater, Sea
July 9, 1964

Capt. R. H. Denny
Information Officer
The Dalles City Police Dept.
Dalles, Ore.

Dear Sir -

While viewing the fireworks display on Clearwater Lake July 9th, we saw a strange, slightly west of downtown Clearwater. The lights appeared to be almost an straight line about 5000 feet high, and probably 100 to 200 feet apart. They appeared to be possibly from miles away and seemed to be on the same plane for several minutes. Several other people including my wife, sister and brother in law saw the lights. I jokingly remarked that perhaps from miles down the road. The lights did seem strange by the fact that they didn't seem to move or fluctuate.

[The bottom of the document has a section blacked out with a black marker]


- page 111 -

Air Force UFO form continued

Page 3                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? EXTREMELY SLOW

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)     Yes     No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 3 TO 4 MILES COMING CLOSER

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near a restricted area?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other (Specify) NEAR BEACH

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     b. Northeast     c. East     d. Southeast     e. South     f. Southwest     g. West     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle Yes or No)
a. Eyeglasses     Yes     No
b. Sun glasses    Yes     No
c. Windshield     Yes     No
d. Window glass   Yes     No

e. Binoculars     Yes     No
f. Telescope      Yes     No
g. Theodolite     Yes     No
h. Other (Specify) EYE SIGHT

26. In order that you can give as


- page 112 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Channin, Ska

Capt. R. H. Moody
Intelligence Officer
Mobile Service Base
Tampa, Fla.

920 Apel Circle
Tampa, Fla.

There is a postmark and postage stamp on the document, but the text on those is not clearly legible.


- page 113 -

Clearwater, Fla.
July 6, 1964

Dear Sir-

I saw your article in the Clearwater Sun asking people to write in who had seen the red dots in the sky on the Fourth. I was very much aware of them as they seemed quite brilliant, with an off and on twinkle.

The next to the end red light seemed to fall down a ways and went out. "Mars" was a small light, much smaller. The red lights, that seemed to circle the red lights, were a small plane might have. I used them as a point of reference and they did not seem to move in either direction and stayed in the same spot except the one that seemed to fall. We watched until they faded out. Many people that saw them around us said they were flying saucers and others thought it was a hallo with a flare but as it didn't move in my direction I didn't think it could be that. It was quite a thrill to see something out of the ordinary and I hope you can find out what it was. This is the way we saw it.


- page 114 -

Capt. E. H. Henry Public Inf. Officer
McDill Air Force Base
Tampa Florida


- page 115 -

Here is the text from the document:

Clg. int'l. plane
1-87 ft. June 14
1964 - 1904

Coast Stn. Navy
Wash. D.C.

I write in response to the letter
in re clearwater lines, concerning
the matter who the young pilot
my single and I observed to have had
a close encounter with the display. They appeared shortly
one thought after we airborne at first
and by chance reported so low
just what they became motionless,
stationary, in the middle of the point
stationing in the area.

We saw five of the red objects and
though less at times there were only. The low set
heights were spaced some distance apart, and
at several times of fast activity.
When we first observed them they were
quite calm and we did not perceive any
where we, they suddenly got to the
apparent to us of the lowest of the


- page 116 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

During this time we saw a small, dim white light constantly travel at about the same as us.

Capt. R.H. House
Information Office
Hickam Air Force Base
Honolulu, Hawaii

We did not get any attention to two what happened to us after the pilot or his superior.
We hope this information as we saw it.

Sincerely,
[signature redacted]

P.S. Three objects appeared at about 30° above the horizon just slightly West.


- page 117 -

Here is the text from the document:

while there was a small thin
light eventually faded at about the
small dark line, around all five
you and underneath along there.

In the evening, one of the said big site was
- the cloud - the sailing away from us
ed not part any attitude after the points helped,
point the return after the previous helped,
we hope this information, as we are able to
of time would be given.

Sincerely,
[blacked out signature]

P.S. It was approximately appeared at about
30° above the horizon west
it still west.

Note: Some words are partially illegible or may have been misinterpreted due to the image quality.


- page 118 -

July 21, 1964

Dear Sir:

We were watching fireworks display from our driveway. The 9 whiting Marina Motel, a rock-like display of fireworks they went fairly a fly 4 planes stell over in formation when after a while my nephew said what that plane doing splashing water, then we all looked chest went they saw 4 red things what appeared to be the no able 4 tall shaped red air balloons must have been made of that aligning matter that of two in the dark. All of a sudden one started to descend what disappear and the other disappeared from the 4 planes as they flow over 9 got shot this July display. Nicely a bit appeared far west, probably they fell in the shape somewhere in what we all wondered what they could be.

Yours truly, Mrs.


- page 119 -

Here is the text from the document:

Carl Raymond H. Henry
Chief of the Information Division
Mac Dill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida

There is also a postmark and a postage stamp on the document, but the text on those is not clearly legible.


- page 120 -

Here is the text from the document:

Lunday, Fla.

Capt. R.H. Henry
Public Information Officer
Hq. SAC Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida

Gentlemen:

My two gals and I were watching the fireworks from our hometown when we saw three or six red and three - small lights. (6 in all) Each disappeared toward the horizon one after about 5 mins time (slowing time)

Several months ago in the same general area


- page 121 -

Here is the text from the document:

If
our family saw a
slight hazy fog for some
time and then make
a circle in the sky
and return to its original
position. That might when
we looked at was gone.

Sincerely,
[Redacted with black marker]


- page 122 -

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication unless your permission is given. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary.

1. When did you see the object?    7    12/64    (Circle One)

2. Time of day:    12    30    (Circle One) a.m. or p.m.

3. Time Zone:    (Circle One) a. Eastern    (Circle One) b. Central/Saving

4. Where were you when you saw the object?    Naval Patrol Address    College Corner    Ohio

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)    2    15    hours    minutes    seconds

5.1 How was object in sight determined?    CAR    Check

5.2 Was object in sight continuous?    Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?    DAY    NIGHT
    a. Bright    a. Bright
    b. Cloudy    b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    (Circle One)    a. Directly overhead
    b. In back of you
    c. To your right

[Rest of form partially cut off or obscured]


- page 123 -

Capt. R. H. Hening
Public Information Office
Maccall Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida


- page 124 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[Top of page has a black redaction bar]

[First paragraph is partially illegible, but appears to start with "Dr. Hynek"]

[Partial text visible, but not fully clear]

Numbered list:
1) [Partially legible, something about "light"]
2) Steadily light with
3) Interfere no ag- [rest of word cut off]
4) Horizontal posture - in west
   to clock posture - in west
   [last line partially illegible]

Some words are difficult to read clearly due to the image quality and partial obscuring of text.


- page 125 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

e) The third thought was more or less
   then you they approached
   stationary

f) I saw, we were flying, doing
   better, we then got some
   plane. Circles around the
   prop to a clock wise from an

g) The wind of from the top, the
   plaster toward the south
   could misapprehend

jones truly

Note: Some words are partially illegible or unclear, so I've transcribed them as best I could based on what is visible.


- page 126 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

6) [partially legible text]

[middle paragraph mostly illegible, some words partially visible but not clear enough to confidently transcribe]

[last paragraph partially legible]

toward the south
and acknowledged

Yours truly,

[signature area is blacked out with a black line]


- page 127 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Capt W H Uhling
Pacific Air Force Base
Europe
3/Mod

There is a postage stamp in the top right corner of the document, and a large black redaction/censorship bar in the middle of the page.


- page 128 -

There is very little text visible on this page. In the top left corner, there appears to be a small decorative leaf or branch design. The rest of the page is mostly blank white space with some faint lines and a horizontal line near the bottom of the page.


- page 129 -

There is very little text visible on this page. There appears to be a small postage stamp or identification photo in the upper right quadrant of the page, but the text on it is too small and blurry to read clearly. The rest of the page is mostly blank white/gray space with some faint vertical lines and markings.


- page 130 -

At the top right of the document, I can see "X-RAY NEUROCALONOGRAPH" printed.

The rest of the text is partially legible, with significant portions being difficult to read clearly. Some words and phrases are visible, but not enough to confidently reconstruct the full text. Large sections of the document are redacted with black markings.

The page appears to be a typewritten document with multiple paragraphs, but the specific content is not fully discernible due to the image quality and redactions.


- page 131 -

The text on this page is mostly illegible. There appears to be a small amount of text in the top left area of the document, but it is too blurry and faint to accurately transcribe. There is a black redaction/censorship block in the center of the page. A small stamp or marking is visible in the top right corner of the page, but its details are not clear enough to read precisely.


- page 132 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

C.R.R. Hting
Public Information Office
McCoy Air Force Base
Tampa, Fla

(The rest of the text is partially legible and difficult to fully transcribe with complete certainty. Some words and phrases are visible but not clear enough to confidently reproduce without potential errors.)

There is a circular notation marked "(6)" on the right side of the document, and some sections of text are obscured by black redaction marks at the top and left side of the page.

The document appears to be a typewritten or handwritten report with some sections blacked out or difficult to read.


- page 133 -

R-FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight-pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects:
FLASH LIGHT to CAR HEADLIGHTS

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright line
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other:

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and run away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 134 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

get set out of the line with
other lights from what was
They would seem to be partly
of the runway

Respectfully

[Note: Some words are partially illegible or cut off, and there is a blacked-out section at the bottom right of the page.]


- page 135 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

yet got out of the low alt.
other lights from the area
They would seem to be not part
of the runway

Signed/Approved (signature appears to be blacked out)

There is also a large black mark/scribble on the right side of the document that appears to obscure something.


- page 136 -

July 7, 1964

Base Information Officer
Hdqtrs. 6th Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida

Dear Sir:

In reply to your request for information from viewers of the red lights over Clearwater Beach, I submit the following information:

Standing on the roof of the Jack Tar Harrison Hotel in Clearwater looking east approximately 2:30 hours watching the sky toward Florida.

Distinctive sighting and lights at about 30 degrees elevation 11 mm appearing to be about one to two miles west of Clearwater Beach.

Sudden appearance of red lights in a row. First thought was to be satellites or something moving with post side showing. As each light would disappear, I thought perhaps the aircraft was manned such as a reported 11 km north not to visible.

Noted additional consecutively small and did shift to pitch waverly, north, then south, then west, then north and above the red lights.

All lights seemed to rise suddenly disappear.

Your jet fighters were in the area approximately 45 minutes prior to my sighting said red lights.

My siting impression was there was a canopy for only 15 miles, and while these red lights were hovering on a navigational training mission.

This was definitely not an imaginary concept nor do I believe it was mere natural phenomenon.

Yours truly,

[Signature redacted]


- page 137 -

Base Information Officer
Macall Air Force Base
Miami
Florida

(Note: There is also a postmarked envelope section with a location of "Homestead, Florida" which is partially obscured)


- page 138 -

July 7, 1964

Public Information Office
Mcdill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida

Sirs:

My husband and I saw the six red lights off Clearwater Beach on the coast but we didn't pay too much attention to them since we were watching the fireworks. At first we thought they might be airplane lights but they didn't move. Just six red lights spread out in a line. It seems to us that one of them went out after a little while and I now in the recollection of seeing a similar row of green lights further to the east but my husband doesn't remember seeing them.

Yours truly,


- page 139 -

Largo, Florida 33540

Public Information Office
McChll Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida


- page 140 -

July 7, 1964
Clearwater, Florida

Capt. R. H. Henry
Public Information Officer
Patrick AFB, Coca Rasa
Tampa, Florida

Re: Sighting of red lights over Gulf west of Clearwater Beach

I was seated on a neighbors porch on the southside of Turner Street viewing the fireworks display when I noticed the lights. There were six red lights in a straight line. The one on the north could several to rise up and cross over the other five, went around the end, dimmed, the ground with white and disappeared from sight.

The other lights followed the same maneuver, one or two at a time, and three of them headed in a general westerly direction. The remaining two, searching, and one climbing and one hanging over the area for awhile, then disappeared in a western direction.

Earlier, while still daylight, four jets were maneuvering over this area and we thought they might have had some connection with the lights.

Sincerely,
Clearwater, Florida


- page 141 -

Capt. R. H. Henry
Public Information Officer
MacDill Air Force Base
Tampa, Florida


- page 142 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Letterhead and top portion are mostly redacted/blacked out]

Time: about 8:15 to 8:25 PM (local), 1964)

[Partially legible text continues]

...in coastal area. Westland Park, original home, continuous mode, from Westland Park, original home. Continuous 5 and 10 degree turns to school 15 degrees. While making continuous turns, they saw a small, white-like object moving with a continuous motion, with white line appeared from the east end of the area. They stated after they all saw it some time, they continued on.

[Bottom portion partially legible, with some text obscured]

Comment: The people were all seeing it, all agreed. We know some details...

[Page is numbered "5" at bottom]

Note: Some text is illegible due to redactions and image quality.


- page 143 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Capt. R. H. Henry,
Public Information Officer,
NORAD Air Force Base,
Tully, Florida.

There is also a postmark stamp that reads:
MAILED JUL 7 1964
FLA

A portion of the sender's address is blacked out.


- page 144 -

