Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
29 June 1964

2. LOCATION
El Paso, Texas

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Three

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual (TV)

7. COURSE
North

8. PHOTOS
Yes
XXXX

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
XXXX

10. CONCLUSION
BALLOON
The film was analyzed by the U.S. Army Photographic Range Instrument Laboratory and concluded: objects was another observation balloon with its 2 instrument package.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
The observers description of the objects was like the airlive. Ice cream cone accompanied by 2 ivory objects. The observer took 28 frame of pictures with a homemade telephoto lens attached.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

USAF SAFOI FB (Mrs Hunt)
Hqda D C 20330

1. Reference the attached letter from Mr [redacted] requesting information on an unidentified flying object on 25 Jun 64, El Paso, Texas.

2. The above sighting was investigated by the 95th Bombardment Wing at Biggs Air Force Base, Texas and was determined to be a weather observation balloon launched from El Paso weather station ten minutes prior to the sighting. Tracking data at the launch site corresponded with the reported positions of the UFO.

3. The file was forwarded to Dallas, Texas for processing. Although the film could have been processed at Fort Bliss it was decided to keep it in standard commercial channels to preclude any possibility. It was also noted that the Air Force had not damaged it. The film was analyzed at the Fort Bliss U S Army Photographic Laboratory Instrumentation Laboratory by the imaging specialists, in the presence of Jack Spiro, the photographic. The camera was in constant motion throughout the exposure period. Only 20 frames were exposed, about 3 seconds total time. Each frame was individually examined and revealed nothing but the top of an occasional telephotos and a few scattered clouds.

4. The witness's first description of "a silver ice cream cone" accompanied by two ivory objects, checks with the balloon and its two instrument packages. This case is carried in Air Force files as a Balloon Observation.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Chronology
and Subsystems

1 Atch
a/3

8 Feb 65


- page 2 -

16 February 1965

Dear Mr. [redacted]

Reference is made to your letter of January 27 requesting information on a film in conjunction with a UFO report which was taken in El Paso, Texas, in June of 1964.

This report was investigated by personnel from Biggs AFB, Texas. The cause of sighting was determined to be a weather observation balloon launched from the El Paso Weather Station ten minutes prior to the sighting. Tracking data at the launch site corresponded with the reported positions of the UFO.

The film was analyzed at the Fort Bliss US Army Photographic Interpretation Laboratory. In the presence of the photographers, Jack Solro. Each frame was individually examined and revealed nothing but the top of an occasional telephone pole and a few scattered clouds.

Sincerely,

MASON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
Newark 4, New Jersey


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Newark, N.J.    Jan 27 1965

Dear Major Jack:

Thank you for your letter dated Jan 21. In reference to my previous letter to the project director on all lab details, available at the present time.

The following information appeared in our newspaper article published by the El Paso Times on Jan 27th pg 1 mt.

Jack Sperry of El Paso last week a color photo picture of a unidentified flying object.

I would like to know if these particulars from clippings are submitted by Mr. Jack Sperry to the Air Force for development analysis, conclusions and were the after steps made to the same?

Respectfully yours
[Signature redacted]


- page 4 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEN

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information (Mr [redacted])                     8 Feb 65

TO: HQ USAF SAFOI PB (Mrs Hunt)
     Webb D C 20330

1. Reference the attached letter from Mr [redacted] requesting information on an unidentified flying object on 25 Jun 64, El Paso, Texas.

2. The above sighting was investigated by the 95th Bombardment Wing at Biggs Air Force Base, Texas and was determined to be a weather observation balloon launched from El Paso weather station ten minutes prior to the sighting. Tracking data at the launch site corresponded with the reported positions of the UFO.

3. The film was forwarded to Dallas, Texas for processing. Although the film could have been processed at Fort Bliss it was decided to keep it in standard commercial channels to preclude any possibility of the film being compromised. The film was analyzed at the Fort Bliss U S Army Photolaboratory Range Transmission Laboratory by the investigating officer, and the laboratory specialists. In the presence of Jack Spiro, the photographer. The camera was in constant motion throughout the exposure period. Only 25 frames were exposed, about 3 seconds total time. Each frame was individually examined and revealed nothing but the top of a cloud scattered clouds.

4. The witness's first description of "a silver ice cream cone" accompanied by two ivory objects, checks with the balloon and its two instantaneous packages. This case is carried in Air Force files as a Balloon observation.

FOR THE COMMANDER

IRVING T. Le TOURNEAU
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

1 Atch
n/a


- page 5 -

Texas Boy Gets Photos

Fourteen-year-old Jack Spiro, son of Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Spiro of El Paso, Texas, was using his telescope on Thursday, 25 June 1964 when he spotted three V-shaped objects in the southwestern sky.

One glowed, the other two were "dark livery" in color. The boy photographed the objects with color film. He subsequently sent the film to Dallas for special processing. When the film came back, the boy's parents notified authorities at Bigg, AFB. An Air Force social picked Jack up at school and took him to Biggs.

There he and an Air Force technician observed V-shaped object showed up on 8 consecutive frames. Mrs. Spiro, when notified of the results, notified the papers, or Thornton, the story changed. Both Maj. or Thornton, an Intelligence Officer, and Colonel William W. Saunders said that there was nothing but "something that was either an abrasion on the film or a spot caused by processing".

Jack's mother told Mr. Lorenzen in a telephone conversation on the subject that Major Thornton had told her by phone shortly after the initial film viewing that "something unusual" was on the film and Mrs. Spiro said he seemed excited about it. She seemed quite resentful about the change in attitude. This case is still not received and Mrs. Spiro has not accepted our offer of free analysis.


- page 6 -

HEADQUARTERS
95TH BOMBARDMENT WING (SAC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
BIGGS AIR FORCE BASE, TEXAS

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DGIO/Major Thornton/ext 7658

SUBJECT: Alleged UFO Sighting, 25 Jun 64, El Paso, Texas

TO: IDEW/Major Quintenilla
Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. The sighting was investigated by the 95 Bomb Wing Intelligence Division and determined to be a weather balloon launched by El Paso weather station some 10 minutes prior to the sighting. Tracking data at the launch site corresponded perfectly with the specified position of the supposed UFO.

2. The disposition of the film was pretty much as stated in the newspaper article. Although the film could have been processed at Fort Bliss, it was decided to keep it in channels. Commercial channels, to preclude any possibility, if the film should be blank or unreadable, that the Air Force had damaged it. The telephoto lens, incidentally, was loaned from spare parts acquired from his father's store. The film was analyzed at the Fort Bliss US Army Photographic Range Instrumentation Laboratory by the investigator, and the laboratory specialist in the boy's presence. The camera was in constant motion. Frames were exposed, about 3 seconds total time. Some frames were individually examined and revealed nothing but the top of an occasional telephone pole scattered clouds.

3. The boy's first description of "a silver ice cream cone" accompanied by 2 ivory objects, checks with the balloon and its 2 instrument packages.

4. Because the investigating officer was satisfied that the object had been definitely identified no formal report was made to your office.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
Colonel, USAF
Deputy Commander for Operations

19 JAN 1965


- page 7 -

Here is the text I can discern from the image:

SVC

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE

POSTAGE AND FEES PAID
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE

OFFICIAL BUSINESS

ATC


- page 8 -

CREW/Major Quintanilla/ext 69215
Alleged UFO Sighting, 25 Jun 64, El Paso, Texas                     5 Jun 65

Commander
Biggs Air Force Base, Texas

1.  The Air Force project on unidentified flying objects has re-
ceived a request for information pertaining to the attached news-
paper article.  No report has been received by this command of a
sighting and/or film of this alleged incident.

2.  We request that Major Thornton, or other personnel associated
with this sighting be queried and if such an incident did occur a
report in accordance with AFR 200-2 be submitted to this command,
attention "CREW/Aerial Phenomena Branch".  If photographs were taken
it would be desirable to have the original negative(s) as support-
ing evidence forwarded with the report.  These negative(s) would
be returned to the owner upon completion of study by the Air Force.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE                                   1 Atch
Colonel, USAF                                           Newspaper Article,
Deputy for Technology                                   28 Jun 64, 2 cys
and Subsystems


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Case (Information Copy)                                                   25 June 1964
                                                                           El Paso, Texas

[Handwritten: June 21, 1964]

El Paso Boy, 14,
May Have Films
Of Three UFO's

EL PASO UP—A 14-year-old
El Paso youth believes he has
captured unidentified flying
objects on film.

Swing around Tuesday with
Jack Soro Thursday has
been sent to Dallas for pro-
cessing.

Soto reported seeing three
V-shaped objects in the south-
western sky late Thursday af-
ternoon. One of them slowed,
the other two, he said, were
dark ivory in color.

The youth viewed the ob-
jects through binoculars and
they moved northward. He
then made some of the objects.
After several telephone
calls to area military com-
manders, Soto telephoned
the North American Air De-
fense Command headquarters
in Colorado Springs, Colo.

An Air Force sedan picked

him up Friday at El Paso
Technical High School, where
he is taking some courses.

"I (A. Ma) Thomson told me
to bring the film," Soto said.
"I (El Paso) did not have the
equipment to process the film.
So, we drove to another place
and the people said they
would have to forward the film
to Dallas for processing."

"No, I do not think that
anybody is out to get me."


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Letterhead location: Newark, N.J.]

[Date: Dec 28, 1964]

Dear Major,

[The rest of the text is handwritten and partially illegible. Some words can be made out, but a complete transcription would require guessing at unclear sections.]

Respectfully,
[Signature is blacked out]


- page 11 -

21 January 1965

Dear Mr. [redacted]

The Air Force cannot identify a photograph which has a location of a sighting and the name of the photographer who took the film.

There are no unidentified cases in Air Force files which were submitted with photographs submitted have been identified. All photographs submitted have been identified as known or conventional objects or noise.

Sincerely,

MASON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
64 Summer Avenue
Newark 4, New Jersey


- page 12 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

CREW

Request for UFO Information (Albert Gmori)                     6 Jan 65

Hq USAF SAFI PE (Mrs Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

1.  Reference the attached letter from Mr. _______ requesting
information on unidentified flying objects. Previous correspondence
from him in April requested information regarding various films.
No new information is known or can be given in reply to his request.

2.  The Air Force cannot identify a photograph without the date or
location of the sighting and the name of the photographer who took
the film. Paramount familiar with the project (UFO's) do not recall
having received any photographs taken in El Paso, Texas.

3.  It is suggested that Mr. _______ be informed that no case in Air
Force files submitted with photographic evidence is carried as
UNIDENTIFIED.  All photos have been identified as known or conventional objects, hoax's or to causes inherent in the photographic
equipment or in photo processing.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T De JONCKHEERE                                           1 Atch
Colonel, USAF                                                  a/3
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems


- page 13 -

