PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 23 May 64

2. LOCATION: East Lansing, Michigan

3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local GMT 24/0206Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS: No

6. SOURCE: Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 - 3 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

9. COURSE: West

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Brilliant white light moving East to West through 30 deg arc in 2-3 seconds before winking out. Elliptical shape. Brightness of Venus.

11. COMMENTS: METEOR Observation

12. CONCLUSIONS: (Checked box for) Probably Astronomical Meteor

SEE LANSING, MICHIGAN CASE FILE

(Bottom of form notes: ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52))


- page 1 -

Unidentified Flying Object                                                      Close 9: 30 P.M.

SUBJECT INVOLVED:                                                 Shaw Hall, M.S.U., East Lansing

OBSERVATIONS:
While riding bicycles east on Mich. Ave., in East Lans., they spotted a blue silver disk, flying at a 45 degree angle. The disk was described as very large, facing south.
After a very short time they saw a white flash, then lost sight of this object.
The sky was clear of cloud cover at time of observation.
                                                                        Chappell

For emergency: Wright Patterson Air Force
Sgt. 69216                                                            said collect.

OC-15


- page 2 -

6. Britton-Thornton, At 2106 hours on 23 May 1964, a Corporal Thornton at the Michigan State Police Headquarters, East Lansing, Michigan, received a call from a woman who said an object ( a light ) was hovering over her house, "acting crazy," dashing back and forth and looping about. Since the Corporal recognized her given location as being near the police station, he went out the rear entrance and looked to the south, but saw nothing. He did not log the name of the lady, nor does he remember it. After terminating the call, he went back outside, and while looking due south, saw an extremely brilliant white object pass at an elevation of about 20° in a horizontal path from east to west. The object was apparently longer in the north-south dimension than in the east-west direction; its shortest dimension was in the direction of travel. Thornton estimates the length to width ratio as perhaps three or four to one. The longest dimension was given as approximately 3/4 inch at arm's length (the moon, however, was stated to be "6 inches" in diameter at arm's length when full, although it was not noticed that night).

The total time of travel was about three seconds. The brightness of the object is remembered as steady, brighter than Venus, and before the object reached the horizon to the south-west, it winked out suddenly, as if someone had turned the lights off. The start of the trajectory is not known, as Thornton caught sight of the object to the south while it was approximately at its maximum elevation.

There was no sound.

Thornton returned inside and got another trooper, who came out but saw nothing.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

--11--

further.

At 2136 hours, a call was received from a [redacted], [redacted] University Village, Michigan State University, East Lansing (about three blocks from the State Police headquarters), reporting a sighting of what appears to be the same object that Thornton saw.

Thornton was emphatic about the fact that he had never seen such a strange object in all his life. He was reluctant to talk about it, expressing some regret that he had ever "opened his mouth" about it. Investigator had a slight impression that Thornton was perhaps not mentioning all the reasons he had for thinking that the object was so strange - his apparent agitation seemed out of proportion to the sighting of a bright meteor, but may, of course, have been due only to the fact that his report was being investigated.

[redacted] and his wife were interviewed. These witnesses had been riding in an open convertible about three miles south-west of Thornton's location, at about the same time (shortly after 2100), and were on an interchange of Interstate 96 at the Cedar Street entrance, headed south. [redacted], a pre-medical student, just finishing his senior year, saw the object for the longest time; his wife, alerted by his exclamation, just caught a glimpse of it before it winked out.

[redacted] said that the object was coming from his left and was due south when he first noticed it. Its elevation was between 20 and 30 degrees. It was judged later to be as bright as Venus, perhaps brighter (Venus was approximately at magnitude -4) and of nearly the same color, a clear white. The object moved to the west through an arc of about thirty degrees, taking about three seconds.

At the end of this time, the light suddenly cut off, while the object was still travelling through clear sky well above the horizon and clear of trees. Witness described it as if someone had turned a light off, or even more as if the light had rotated behind something.

If a minimum velocity for a meteor is taken as about 25,000 feet per second,


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

--12--

then for the object to travel thirty degrees in three seconds, or ten degrees per second, it would have to have been about 26 miles away; even with an elevation of thirty degrees (an upper limit) it would thus have been only about 13 or 14 miles high. In order for the meteor, if it was such, to have been at a more proper height, the line of sight distance would have to be at least four to six times the distance just calculated, and the velocity would have to have been very high, perhaps 20 to 30 miles per second.

The sudden cessation of light, with no trail left behind, no shattering into smaller pieces, and no fading of the glow suggests either an extremely high velocity meteor of small size which was completely consumed before it could lose velocity significantly, or the more interesting possibility of a meteor of larger size and very high velocity which "skipped" in and out of the atmosphere.

Unfortunately, both Thornton and [redacted] caught sight of the object when it was due south, so no correlation of starting point is possible, and Thornton could not remember very closely how far the object went before it winked out, except to say that the trajectory ended "in the southwest." He reported the same duration of 2 to 3 seconds. Within the limits of the estimates, with [redacted] being the better one, the lines of slight were parallel when the light went off indicating a large distance. The same limits of error, however, would permit the light to be as close as 6 miles, travelling, however, at a speed of one mile per second. At such a speed, low in the atmosphere, any material object would be visible at night by virtue of its high skin temperature, and the light could not cease abruptly.

The [redacted] initially reported that the object returned from the West soon after they pulled off the road to look around. They determined on their own, however, by returning to the same scene the next night, that the object was the planet Venus (it was in an entirely different part of the sky), and so


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

--13--

reported during the personal interview. The similarity in brightness and color had misled them.

Final note: if the cutoff point had been on a line of sight passing through both observers, then no horizontal triangulation is meaningful. Elevation angles estimates are too uncertain to permit estimates.

With fair probability, the object may be taken to have been a fast, bright meteor, a fireball, far to the south and many miles high. If so, it could have been seen in northern central Indiana, and would have been brightest somewhere over the Indiana-Michigan border.

The object seen by [redacted] and Thornton could not have been the same as the one reported by the anonymous caller to have been "over her house," because the lady's house was somewhere between Thornton and the [redacted]. Unfortunately, no further information is available on this latter object.

6. [redacted]-Thornton, 2106 EST, 23 May 1964. State Policeman and MSU college student saw brilliant white light moving east west for 2-3 seconds, then suddenly winking out. Total angular motion, about 30 degrees. Possibly a distant meteor, but extremely high speed required. Trooper described elliptical shape, short dimension along line of travel. Brightness like Venus. East Lansing-Lansing.


- page 6 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
26 May 64

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 26/2030
GMT 26/0130Z

3. PHOTOS
xxO No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 seconds

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Stationary, elliptical obj, size of full moon.
Blue metallic color with blue haze. White light
mixed in. Obj emitted a white flash and
disappeared. Flight from East to South. 2½
seconds. No noise. Second witness observed for
3 seconds.

2. LOCATION
East Lansing, Michigan

4. SOURCE
civilian

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
South (Stationary)

11. COMMENTS
Sighting brief 4 seconds max. Detailed data presentedmight indicate meteor and with flash of brightness not in accord
with this evaluation. Possibility of photo plane also not likely due to the manner of disappearance and briefness
of observation. Case carried as insufficient data.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
[✓] Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown


- page 7 -

3. Sighting. The witnesses are students at Michigan State University, where the sighting occurred, but had returned home by the time of this investigation, where they were contacted by telephone. lives during the summer at Street, Flint 3, Michigan, and lives in the summer at Street, Grand Haven, Michigan. During the school year, they reside in Shaw Hall, Michigan State University.

and were returning to their residence after a speech on campus by Governor Romney, which ended at 2000 hours, 26 May 1964. The time is uncertain, but may be somewhat previous to the sighting above, by perhaps fifteen minutes; it may have been somewhat afterward; 2030 is selected as a median time.

and were riding a bicycle (tandem) due east across the campus when noticed an object just above the trees straight ahead, at an elevation of about 25°. He said, "Hey, look," and saw it, too. The object was apparently stationary, had an elliptical shape, and was approximately the size of


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

--5--

the full moon. It was bluish or metallic colored, and was surrounded by a blue haze, mixed with white.

According to [redacted] the object remained stationary, tilted toward the South, all this time, and then emitted a brilliant white flash, like a magnesium flare or bomb. Immediately after the flash, the object was gone, and [redacted] looked about for it but did not see it.

According to [redacted] who looked later and just caught a brief glimpse prior to the white flash, the light did flash a brilliant magnesium white, but then the object travelled at high speed from due east toward the south, finally disappearing behind trees in the west-southwest. The whole movement took about 2.5 seconds.

The object showed no features, but had a definite (elliptical) shape. It was silent.

This sighting was very brief, lasting a total of no more than 3-4 seconds. Little can be learned from it, but Rodgers' description tallies with an airborne photo mission, the disc being a "moonlit rotor disc." This is a weak explanation, however, unless the haze can be accounted for. If [redacted] version is taken (and [redacted] may simply have failed to acquire the moving object after the initial flash), then no explanation in conventional terms can be offered. There is no basis for a choice between the reports.

The sky was reported as cloudless and perfectly clear; in addition, the campus was dark.

2. [redacted] 2030 EST, 26 May 1964. Elliptical object, bluish, surrounded by lighter blue haze. Emitted flash of white light, may then have flown or? to south. Possible helicopter photo mission with strobe light; possible correlation with next sighting, East Lansing.


- page 9 -

Michigan State Police
COMPLAINT REPORT

County: Eaton
Township: 
Village: 
City: E. Lansing

Complaint No. 21-1591-64
File Class No. 504
Message No.

Date: May 27, 1964

NATURE OF COMPLAINT:
Reported sighting an Unidentified Flying Object.

REPORT:

Complainant called the post and stated that at about 9:30 PM on 5-26-64 while at his home in now an Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) some 200 yards to the local newspaper, and the reporter, the scene was described. Complainant was able to give some details to check, he later saw the flying ground. He could not see the UFO at this time. He later had to pick up his wife from work and was two (2) blocks away. Some two hours later the complainant gave his age as 25 years, the time of the last sighting was 12:45 PM.

STATEMENT:

[Portions of text are blacked out]

The unidentified officer after discussing with Complainant made a person to person collect call to [blacked out] Lansing, MI, and reported the above.

[Bottom of document is signed]

Respectfully Submitted
[Signature]


- page 10 -

