The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document is as follows:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
2. LOCATION
3. SOURCE  
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 
4.5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual  
7. WEATHER
8. PHOTOS
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
10. CONCLUSION
Astronomical (VENUS)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object appearing like a flood light with erratic motion observed in the East at about 25 degrees elevation for over 4.5 minutes. Color white with changes to red occasionally. Seemed to expand and contract. Object appeared over the main road area also observed by about 15 other witnesses.

- page 1 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document, specifically a questionnaire used to gather information about UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. If, however, it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? A: September 9, 1964
2. Time of day: 2:30 A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? MOMENCE, ILL.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 15 MINUTES
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes V No _
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY b. NIGHT c. CLEAR d. CLOUDY
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. To your left b. In front of you c. To your right d. Don't remember

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document that includes various questions and response options related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. Few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Overcast or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Like a light c. Vapor d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know
11.1 Compared to the moon, the object was: Comparison brighter and larger

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fully sharp b. Fairly sharp after c. Blurred d. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and answers related to an observed UFO.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound A/D
b. Color white - changed to red occasionally

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
-

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place on arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
---->  O <----

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a historical government study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States. The page contains a questionnaire with various questions about the witness's sighting of an unidentified object.

Project Blue Book: 1964-09-9421295-Momence-Illinois.pdf5.txt

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes
22. Where located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. In a car building c. In an airplane (type) e. Other
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city b. In the residential section of a city c. In open country side d. Near an airfield e. Flying over a city f. Flying over open country
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) c. South
24.2 How far had you gone? miles
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle as appropriate) a. Eyeglasses Yes b. Sun glasses No e. Windshield Yes f. Window glass No
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

(The witness's description in their own words is provided in the image.)

- page 5 -

The image contains a diagram and illustrations, but no photograph. The diagram shows a sketch with a curved line to represent the horizon, and an arrow pointing to the horizon indicating the location of an object above the horizon. There is also a compass rose illustration. The instructions below the diagram ask the viewer to draw a picture to show the motion of an object or objects and to draw a picture of multiple objects and indicate the direction they were traveling.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
YES      NO
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES      NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
MORMAN, DEE, 214 PEORIA.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: LAST NAME, FIRST NAME MIDDLE NAME 
ADDRESS: STREET, MORRENCE, ILL.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: STANLEY
AGE: 28
SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
9-6     SEPT      1964

- page 7 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with a form-like structure containing a question and blank space for a response.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9-24-64

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a blank page with a rectangular frame border.

OUTPUT OF TEXT FROM DOCUMENT:

None. The image does not contain any text that can be extracted.

- page 9 -

