There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which contains a detailed text description of a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 24 May 64
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2500 EST (D)
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 min est.
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Stood there for about 5 mins. Observers got out of car and looked at better view. Seemed frightened and returned to car. Ball followed them back. Or couldnt quite tell. Ball came within 50 ft. Ball of fire estimated to be 3 ft in diameter. Bouncing motion. Seemed to "flow" away.

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document, which I will now transcribe:

7 they held hands and he told me where so scared that he almost through the car window. they described the ball of fire a devit 2 2 feet in diameter. they describe the ball as about the size of a bowling ball. when it came towards them and when it seen to fly off into the distance it seemed to much in power like as large as small house. I would get please for word on mailing a possible to the above address. T can you sincerely [redacted] millinocket, Maine

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document that describes an incident involving a fire near a car in Millinocket, Maine on May 21, 1964.

Department of Unidentified Flying Objects
Millinocket, Maine
May 21, 1964

Dear Sir,
I have known my has address on an unidentified object seen on May 21, 1964 at approximately 5:55 pm. A Millinocket-lake road, in the vicinity of another man were driving in a car, Millinocket-lake and all of a sudden of fire appeared on the side of the road about 6 minutes they get out to get a better view of the fire all upon mother it was a fire call the near railroad and ran back to the car and this time the fire hall seem to show back to the car. 
The car would not start and the in it. 
And this the fire hall came with 6 feet of the car and then moved other denison. over.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document with some handwritten annotations.

Department of uniden
Flying objects u.s.
Force was d
Washington d.c.

- page 4 -

