1. DATE - TIME, GROUP
5 June 64     05/0700Z

2. LOCATION
Texarkana, Texas

3. SOURCE
Civilian and Military

10. CONCLUSION
Astronomical (MOON)
Considered to be a possible moon observation by JAH

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
See Letter in case file (Mrs. [blacked out])

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Few Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Stationary

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

TRIDENT ENGINEERING ASSOCIATES, INC.
CARVEL HALL • TELEPHONE AREA CODE 267-8120
ANNAPOLIS MARYLAND

7 October 1964

Dr. J. A. Hynek
Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Dr. Hynek:

I have been meaning to write you for quite some time so that I might clarify some points on our "Lunar" program. I hope that you and your family had an enjoyable vacation north of the border.

A prototype of our "Moon Blink" equipment has been operational on a 16-inch reflector for the last two months. The telescope is located about sixty miles south of Annapolis. Dr. Edison Weidel has facility with the telescope and was pleased with the resolution of the image at the RCA 6914 tube. We are present assembling five field models which we hope to have distributed and operational before the December 15 lunar eclipse. If the field trials are successful and the program gets sufficient funds, we hope to field fifteen additional units next year.

Late our efforts to secure an orthicon system at no cost have not been successful, but we are still hopeful. In this regard, you might tell Bill Powers that G.E. is working on a new system with a goal of the ultimate in stability. John Spalding is leaving them in the very near future for Perkin and Elmer; I think Anderson will be running the program.

At the meeting in Denver I spent quite a bit of time with Justus. Mrs. Winfred Cameron was there and she became interested in the program. She was also very impressed with the quality of the pictures that Justus has been taking with the 12-inch and the orthicon system. On her return to CSS she volunteered to set up a "hot-line" telephone network between the major east coast observatories, and Manned Flight is footing the bill. Present thinking is that her office at Goddard will be used a central data collection office for reports of observatories of transient lunar phenomena.

We spent some time discussing the U.F.O. problem when we were in Denver. Justus and I visited some friends at mine at Lowry Air Force Academy. I uncovered an observation that had not been recorded and was quite excited. Information with Justus. One fact that interested me was that here again the people were of above average I.Q. The observation was made by the


- page 2 -

Dr. J. A. Hynek
7 October 1964
Page 2

wife of a naval aviator (Cdr. [illegible], USN) and three 1st Class (Senior) Air Force Cadets at 2:00 A.M. on June 5, 1964, near Texarkana. They were driving from the Air Force Academy at Florida when they sighted what a red, shimmering sphere hovering about five miles away at an altitude of 5000 feet. They stopped the car and got out to watch it, then proceeded to drive toward it at a great speed since it was ahead of them. As they approached it, the object ceased to hover and departed on a lateral track. Since they were all in transit to different points, the incident was never reported. I do not know the names of the Air Force Cadets, but the woman was

Mrs. [illegible]
Quarters
Air Force Academy, Colorado

Lt. Cdr. A. H. Rice, USN, and myself are still very interested in this problem and would like to offer our services. If we could assist you in investigating incidents on the East Coast, we would be most happy to hear from you in this matter.

Finally, I would like to invite you to visit us and the Naval Academy when you are next in this area.

Sincerely,
[Signature: John J. Gilheany]
John J. Gilheany

Handwritten note: "Not in J. file"


- page 3 -

8 January 1965

Mrs. [redacted]
U. S. Air Force Academy
Colorado

Dear Mrs. [redacted]:

This is in answer to your letter of December 9. Thank you for being so cooperative.

I am struck by one thing, and that is by a fact you failed to mention. Capriciously, the almanac shows that the crescent moon was in the precise part of the sky you saw your crescent shaped object. It seems almost impossible that this could be so, but obvious mistakes are frequently made, and the moon, with rising, and viewed through clouds, could play tricks. In addition meteorological conditions, can fool people. We do have documented cases in which the setting moon has been the source of several UFO reports.

I'd appreciate your opinion on this, and, of course, if you saw the moon separately from this object, this could hardly be the explanation. The fact is, however, that the moon as a slight the bright white spot you described.

May I have your reaction on this hypothesis?

Sincerely yours,
J. Allen Hynek
Director

JAH:k-


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY COLORADO

December 9, 1964

Dear Dr. Hynek:

In reply to your recent letter, I would be most pleased to furnish any information regarding the sighting in question. I must say it is a bit refreshing to make contact with someone who does not scoff at the possibility of "UFOs." After relating it to my family this summer and again their doubts, I was inclined to forget the incident.

The time was about 2:00 A.M. June 5, 1964 about 25 miles west of Texarkana. There were two Air Force Academy cadets in the car. I was driving and another cadet was in the back seat. Another cadet was driving and I was sitting (awake) in the right front seat. I noticed the object first and mentioned it to the other cadets. We saw it and brought the car to a halt on the roadside.

The object appeared as about 2 O'clock high, as I recall, we were heading directly east and it was ahead, above and to the right slightly.

It appeared as a large luminous red-orange blob of fire. There was no rolling over motion about it but you saw only the bottom part of it. If it was in ball form it did not appear round as a ball or orange, it looked as a brief orange would if he were turned over and over and the upper two-thirds of it were hidden.

We rounded the two cadets salute and all got out and watched it as it appeared to hover. It was not a blinding light but a very intense reddish-orange coloration.

We returned to the car and proceeded to increase speed as if to get a closer look. The object appeared for perhaps 60 seconds to come closer and brighter in color and then it disappeared so quickly that would not follow it with the eye or see any signs of a trail. It just vanished.

We discussed this thing for a good hour among us. One cadet said maybe it was a leather balloon but none of us could imagine what it could be reflecting from to make it so brilliant. Another suggested a forest fire reflecting on clouds, but there was not a fire in the area.

I have not seen or talked with the aforementioned cadets since that trip and can not make up their impressions of it on paper or not, but they can all classify it as a very sharp, sharp do's and I'm sure no one can say that they or I had imagined it. There was a definite something there and I'm just as curious as the next person to get to the bottom of it.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY COLORADO

Whenever your findings are published in book form, I would certainly like to read it. It must be a fascinating study and yet frustrating when an answer does not appear to be in sight.

I am so glad there were other observers along on the same see. I have had quite a few fairly serious experiences with extrasensory perception and I'm afraid if I'd seen it alone, my family would be more or less tempted to call me a "nut".

Thank you for your letter, Mr. Hynek, and I hope I have been of some small bit of help.

Sincerely yours,

US Air Force Academy
Colorado


- page 6 -

