Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
15 August 64 / 16:16:57

2. LOCATION
Yosemite Park, California

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Three

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 - 4 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
West

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

10. CONCLUSION
UNIDENTIFIED

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Three objects in formation. Estimated altitude 5-7,000 ft. Parallel flight. Dull silver objects. Daylight observation. Sound of air only, no jet o/c sound or anything. Altitude could not have been great because sound and sight of object occurred at same time. Objects seemed small even though at close range.

FTD SEP 13 0439 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
MENLO PARK, CALIF

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]    AGE    SEX

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I SERVED IN THE US ARMY AND FORCE 1942-1945, AND HAVE 20-20 VISION GLASSES

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
26    8    1964    [partially illegible additional text]


- page 2 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Partially filled in date fields, but text is not fully legible]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The page also contains postal markings, including:
- "AIR MAIL" stamp
- Postage stamps
- Postmark fragments

The page is labeled "Page 7" in the top right corner.


- page 3 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

TO: Dr J Allen Ryneck

REMARKS:
Forwarded per your request:
(1) 15 Aug 64, Yosemite, Northern California
    Case File.
(2) 10 Sep 64, Cedar Grove, New Jersey
    Case File.

FROM: PTD (TDY)

DATE: 21 Dec 64
PAGE: 896-16

DD FORM 95 Replaces DD Form 94, 1 Feb 50 and DD Form 96, which will be used until exhausted.


- page 4 -

September 30, 1964

Dear Mr. [redacted] and Mr. [redacted]

This is in response to your recent letter concerning the sighting of three unidentified flying objects in the Yosemite Area of Northern California.

While your description was very interesting, it was not sufficiently detailed to enable our investigators to make an evaluation. Therefore, we are including a form PFD 164 which we request you complete in as much detail as possible and return to the Air Force. Upon receipt of the completed form, another attempt will be made to analyze this sighting.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Enclosure

Messrs [redacted] and [redacted]
San Francisco, California


- page 5 -

August 26, 1964

Gentlemen:

I understand that there is an agency of the government that collects information on reports of unusual flying objects, and this is the purpose of my letter.

My friend and I have just completed a knapsack trip to some of the remote lakes and streams of the Yosemite wilderness area in Northern California. On Saturday, August 15 we were camped on the southeast side of Benson Lake. At 8:15 a.m. that day we were sitting by the edge of the lake, which was very calm and quiet, when we both heard a brief sound of rushing air. We were both surprised, for the branches of the trees did not move. Then we again heard the sound a few seconds later, we both looked up and I saw three brightly silver objects moving on a parallel course, but at variable forward speeds. As one of them moved ahead of the other two, there was an adjustment and they would line up for a moment before another would get ahead, and then the adjustment would be repeated.

The sound which we both heard was that of air friction only, certainly not a hint of jet propulsion. We also assume that the altitude of the objects above us could not have been great because the objects were still visible when the sound reached us. I estimate the diameter was between two or three diameters. The objects seemed small, even though they appeared to be at fairly close range.

If you would like any further information about our experience, we will be glad to answer any questions.

Sincerely yours,

S.F. Symphony and Opera Orchestras
Faculty S.F. Conservatory of Music

Menlo Park, Calif.
Instructor of Mathematics, Woodside High School
Lecturer, Music Dept., Stanford University


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
15   August   1964
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 8     15
             Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
                           b. Central
                           c. Mountain
                           d. Pacific
                           e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
              b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Addresses are blacked out]

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    Hours   Minutes   Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure
5.1 How was time in sight determined? [Partially illegible]
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
              b. In back of you    e. Overhead
              c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD 62 OCT 64 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 7 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know

Page 2


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
THEY DISAPPEARED BEHIND THE CLOUDS IN THE WEST

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: A CLOUD AS ABOVE

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:    [No response]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   SIMILAR AIR AS ABOVE, NO NOISE HEARD
b. Color:   SILVER OR REFLECTING AS METAL

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
THEY WOULD I ESTIMATE HAVE BEEN ABOUT THE SAME SIZE AS THE MATCH HEAD

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
ALTHOUGH THEIR FLIGHT WAS PARALLEL, THE PERHAPS SPEED WAS CHANGED WHEN ONE MOVED, THE BOTTOM ONE SEEMED TO GO I SAW NO PATTERN

[A hand-drawn sketch is also present on the document]


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?    5CLL - 7000 FT

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other: ____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No    f. Binoculars    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No    g. Telescope    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No    h. Theodolite    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No    i. Other ________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

SPHERES - CLOSE TO BALLOON


- page 10 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Handwritten text on Question 29 appears to read: "THEY FLEW IN FORMATION CONSTANTLY ADJUSTING THEIR SPEED AND SPACE"]


- page 11 -

