The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record card with various fields filled out, including date, location, time group, duration of sighting, number of objects, course, and conclusions.

PROJECT 16073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 6-8-64 2. LOCATION Middleboro, Massachusetts
3. TIME-GROUP 0050Z 4. DURATION 3-5 mins
5. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 4 6. COURSE W
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 3-5 mins 
8. DETAILS & PHYSICAL CHARACTERISTICS OF OBJECTS (Describe objects landing?)
Report of four witnesses observations within one hour period by different looking for flying saucer. Object appeared slow moving, altitude 400-500 ft, maneuvered for 5 mins before going out of sight.

9. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Was Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Unidentified but insufficient data for evaluation

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

31. Date you completed this questionnaire: 27 - 6 - 1964
32. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

A1 - A2 is the path taken by the first object sighted - a white-silver
A2 - A3 is the path taken by the next object sighted - a red
A3 - B1 is the path taken by the next object sighted - a white-silver

This has been the explanation of the motion sequence - following is an explanation of the printing figures.

A1 - B1 is the altitude of all of the white objects
A2 - B2 is the altitude of the red

These could not have been satellites because of how large they were - the largest objects were bright and bluish-green in color. They moved with incredible speed and made sharp changes in direction. By comparison I have never seen objects that could be compared to the object was nowhere near as fast or as maneuverable.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book information officer document with text that reads:

Project Blue Book Information Officer
Hq USAF (SAFOI-2C)
The Pentagon
Washington, D.C. 20330

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

Here is the text produced by the OCR system:

August 12, 1964

Dear Mr. -------,

Our Project Office at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base has attempted to evaluate the two UFO sightings reported.

The landing of March 1, 1964, has tentatively been classified as an indistinct natural or man-made object, possibly a meteor or satellite.

The sighting of June 5, 1964, is more complex. It contains several sightings of multiple objects witnessed over a 45 minute period. While the observers' description of the objects and their observed maneuvers is detailed, no substantiating evidence such as aircraft and astronomical bodies are present.

It is possible that these sightings could have been caused by known or easily describable phenomena, however, the full details observed were not described in sufficient detail to enable analysis. 

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

- page 4 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document. There is no photograph present in this image. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and output all the text found in the document.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:    TD

SUBJECT:  REQUEST FOR UFO INFORMATION

TO:        Hq USAF SAPOI PB (Mrs. Gallaher)

1. We have received the completed PID Forms 164 from Mr. Redacted of Middleboro, Massachusetts. He has requested an Air Force evaluation.

2. The sighting of 1 March 1964 is evaluated as minor-representation as described. This direction of one hour 44 minutes can be expected from the data presented. Some characteristics can be interpreted as being due to motion and action to various objects in the immediate environment.

3. Regarding the sighting of 5 June 1964, these observations were for four distinct objects with a duration of 1, 2, and 40 seconds. It is believed that the objects were apparently moving and distant meteors while this object is carried as insufficient data.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

Signed
WILLIAM B. COPPEDGE, Major, USAF
Deputy for Technology
AV 5129-7569

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements you make or conclusions that may be drawn from this material, unless it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
June
16, 1964
3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Middleboro, Mass.
City or Town

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
2 to 3 minutes

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
Estimated in light of conditions

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes
No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY
b. NIGHT
c. Hazy
d. Cloudy
e. Partly Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object: 
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. Behind you
c. To your left
d. To your right 
e. Don't remember

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions related to observations of the night sky, including the stars, moon, clouds, weather conditions, and other characteristics of the observed object.

Page 3

1. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

1.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. More
b. Less 
c. Same
d. Don't remember

1.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Full or nearly full
d. Don't remember

2. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. A light by naked eye
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer 
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy, blurred
b. Sharply defined
c. Gradually fading into background
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change in brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change in shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Change in color? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 7 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of an unidentified flying object. The text in the document appears to be a questionnaire or report related to observations of this object.

14. Did the object disappear, go behind something, or move out of sight while you were watching it? It WHAT happened to it:
Went behind a cloud and one disappeared (actually went out of sight)

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes - IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
A building

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes - IF you answered YES, then tell what:
In front of a cloud

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound -- No sound
b. Color -- white, one red

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pencil's length in line with a known object and move how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
about the same size

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show if trails or vapor trails were present or seem to show the direction the object was moving.
[Hand-drawn sketch showing a disc-shaped object with red tail or vapor trail]

TRANSCRIPT OF TEXT:

14. Did the object disappear, go behind something, or move out of sight while you were watching it? It WHAT happened to it:
Went behind a cloud and one disappeared (actually went out of sight)

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes - IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: 
A building

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes - IF you answered YES, then tell what:
In front of a cloud

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound -- No sound
b. Color -- white, one red

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pencil's length in line with a known object and move how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
about the same size

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show if trails or vapor trails were present or seem to show the direction the object was moving.
[Hand-drawn sketch showing a disc-shaped object with red tail or vapor trail]

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions and boxes to be filled out by the witness.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 3,000 mph to 5,000 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1 mile or less

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? Inside a building

23. Were you (Circle One) In the business section of a city? 

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) East
24.2 How fast were you moving?  50-100 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? Eyeglasses Yes, Sun glasses Yes, Binoculars Yes, Telescope Yes, Windshield Yes, Window Yes

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: 
white looked like a saucer ship, about 40 feet in diameter, only 1 1/2 to 2 inches across

- page 9 -

The image contains a diagram with illustrations and text. The diagram appears to be instructions or guidance for someone observing an unidentified flying object (UFO). It includes a compass rose, curved lines, and other geometric shapes. There is no photograph present in this specific image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "X" on the compass when you first saw it. Place an "X" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. - No
31.1 If you answered yes, did they see the object too? (Circle One) - No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: - Redacted

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Redacted
ADDRESS: Middleboro, Massachusetts
TELEPHONE NUMBER: Redacted 
AGE: 15
SEX: Male
Indicates any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent: I am an amateur astronomer and have a 4-inch reflecting telescope with which I observe the sky. I have seen many unusual things in the sky, including some which cannot easily be identified as known objects. As far as I can determine, the object I saw on April 13 did not conform to any known natural or man-made object.

32. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Project Blue Book Investigations Section, Washington, D.C.

- page 11 -

