PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
31 May 64

2. LOCATION
Wheaton, Maryland

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2230
GMT 01 Jun/0230Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
✓Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
✓ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
25 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
Observation of Obj coming from SE to NW.

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Flight included abrupt turns to right and left.
Went up and away during 25 minute observation.
Color reddish white. Also reported objection
20 and 30 May.

12. CONCLUSIONS
✓ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other:
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Duration, motion of flight and
description of obj in record with
Balloon analysis.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: FSIG Bulletin, Vol 2, # 1

18 May 1964
Terra Haute, Indiana

Terra Haute, Indiana... May 18, 1964... The SW part of town was immersed in a fog when it lifted, 25 homes had large brownish spots on them. It was the second time in a week. "This happened once last fall, at which time scientists said it was harmless. They said it was hydrogen sulfide, the source unknown. One person got sick.


- page 2 -

Information Only
Source:                                                   Orangeville, Idaho
                                                          19 May 1964

Fuzzell puzzled,

This sighting report which appeared in the Weiser Daily Times for May 19 was sent to us through the courtesy of Mrs. E. Shook:

"Grangeville, Idaho-For two nights now, residents of the north-central Idaho community have watched a mysterious, bright object in the sky to the north.

"Sheriff James Fuzzell said on Tuesday he wouldn't call it a flying saucer-but he watched it, along with many other people, and its origin is unexplained. Fuzzell said it appeared on Sunday night and again on Monday night for nearly two hours.

"It looked like a street light but a lot bigger," Fuzzell said. "There were people taking pictures last night. It may be a reflection of light."

Fuzzell said he observed the object through binoculars. He described it as oblong in shape and eight to 10 feet long. He said it moved 'back and forth on the level.'

"The object appeared to be near the Cottonwood Air Force Radar Station."

"Col. Leif Zondberg, station commander and several of his men had reported sighting a bright object. 'Whether it was a star or what I don't know,' the colonel said.

"We are baffled. I have forwarded our report to a higher headquarters."

This report is yet another indication of the public's reluctance to admit using a "flying saucer" or "strange object" but the words "flying saucer" will not pass his lips. What is a flying saucer? A UFO. What is a UFO? A strange object observed in the sky.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case (Information Only)
Source:                                                      22 May 1964
                                                             Ft Wayne, Indiana

                                                             May 25, 1964

Dear

This is in reply to your letter of May 22, 1964. In it you forwarded a newspaper clipping from the Ft. Wayne Journal-Gazette reporting an Unidentified Flying Objects.

The Air Force has had no reports of unusual phenomena in the Ft. Wayne area on May 21st. However, ATIC was involved only that day approximately 9123 CDT on that date. We are unable to establish any correlation between your instrument and any UFO sightings.

Should you desire to furnish this Headquarters with a detailed description of the instrument you are using, a further investigation will be made to ascertain if there is any connection between this instrument and UFO reports emanating from that area.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Bluffton, Indiana


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the newspaper page:

THE JOURNAL/GAZETTE
FORT WAYNE, INDIANA, FRIDAY MORNING, MAY 22, 1964 - SECTION C

[Newspaper Clipping Article]
UNIDENTIFIED!
Sky Objects
Seen Here
Last Night

UFO again
The "Base" Field "Tower" last
night said radar contacts were
received about 9:30 p.m. concerning unidentified flying objects.

The operators said, however,
that nothing unusual showed up
on their radarscope. They said
they were probably jets flying
at high altitude, some 25,000 to
30,000 feet.

Wilbert Ohlund and his daughter, Sharon who live three
miles northwest of Huntertown,
to report.

Ohlund said they saw orange-yellow objects flying from
the southwest to the northwest
with intense flashings.

They attempted to get pictures for a better view, but
were unsuccessful.

"It was a fascinating sight,"
he said.


- page 5 -

NO CASE (Information Only)
Source: APRO Bulletin, Mar., Apr 65

22 May 1964
Phoenix, Arizona

Cloud UFO At Phoenix

An unidentified object hovered over the desert northeast of Phoenix, Arizona on May 22, 1964. News and government agencies received calls from many observers. Luke AFB requested the Phoenix Air Defense Sector to run a radar check.

They reported: "Objects altitude between 0 and 17,000 feet—10 miles in length—nothing mechanical—stationary. The only thing we can figure it to be is a stationary layer of heavy smoke or smog."

The weather bureau said it had no equipment in the sky and "had no idea what it was."


- page 6 -

Information Only
Source: The UFO Reporter, Summer, 1964.

Holloman AFB, New Mexico
24 May 1964

HOLLOMAN RADAR TRACKS UFO

Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico, May 24 - The Air Force confirmed that a radar unit at Holloman tracked a UFO in the area of White Sandes, which lies west of Holloman.

The spokesman, however, alluded to a natural phenomenon, such as a dust storm, as the probable cause. However, it is considered unlikely that the fine particles present in a dust storm could have induced a radar return that resembled a solid object.


- page 7 -

Information Only
The UFO Reporter, Summer, 1964

Tucson, Arizona
24 May 1964

LORENZEN CLAIMS CAPTURED UFO HELD AT
HOLLOMAN

May 24 - Coral E. Lorenzen, director
of a major UFO organization situated in
Tucson, Arizona, is reported to have alleged that an egg-shaped object is presently under guard in a Holloman hanger.
This report was denied by an Air Force
spokesman, and Mrs. Lorenzen has thus far
failed to submit any evidence to support
her contention.


- page 8 -

Information Only                                                   Wakefield, England
Source:                                                                      27 May 1964

ENGLAND
Wakefield revisited
The following account is taken from the Yorkshire Evening Post, issue of
May 28: "A strange object in the sky was seen once again over Wakefield
last night, hovering with an orange glow to the north-west of the city
before disappearing. During the past few days the mysterious UFO (unidentified flying object) has appeared in the same spot, observed by many people
in the city. Similar reports have been received from Leeds and Barnsley.

"Mr John Benham, aged 54, switchboard operator at the Wakefield 'A'
Power Station has seen the object on three occasions. He first saw it
at 9.45 p.m." It was elongated and had a reddish orange glow with light shining out at both ends," he said. "It seemed to hover over the city for nearly two hours and then slowly made off in the direction from which it came."

"Mr. Benham took his binoculars to work after he had seen the object for
the first time on Saturday, and a colleague also saw it.

"It was definitely not a star or a plane. It hovered before moving off
towards the north-west," he said.

Mr Alfred Booth (43), of Lupset at Wakefield Sewerage Works, Calder
Vale Road, also saw the object. "It was half-moon shaped with an orange glow
in the middle," he said.


- page 9 -

UFO GOES TO A MOVIE?

Acct Drive-In, Route 8, Just North of Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio
... May 29, 1964, 8:45 P.M. ESDT. ... Two young men waited
for the movie to begin. Their attention was draw to a plane or
bird maneuvering in the sky to their north. There was something
peculiar about this "flying" object which hovered motionless for considerable periods of time. They also noted the small portion of sky in
which the maneuvers took place. They reported that the dark, nonlisting, until object moved vertically and horizontally for short
distances. They estimated the object to be about a mile away.
Closer scrutiny showed it had a shape which was blister in the
middle, flat on the bottom, with a symmetrical elongation leading
away from the center raised area. The drawings made by both
men resemble the conventional "flying saucer" will done.

After five minutes, the object moved directly away to the north
and vanished. The two young men, John Shaver, a high school student said it appeared to be about a wide as a dime. The college
student accompanying him also desired to remain anonymous.

Neither heard any sound, or saw any trail or lights. The
evening was clear; the sun was below the horizon.


- page 10 -

NO CASE (Information Only)
Source: AFRO Bulletin, Jul, Aug, 65

29 May 1964
Las Villas Province, Cu

Fourteen Objects In Cuba
On the morning of May 1964 "great quantity of brilliant objects" were seen falling to earth in the vicinity of Santa Clara, including members of the Armed Forces, said the objects looked like various-sized balloons and appeared at a very high altitude.

The above information appeared in a copyrighted NZP-A-Reuter dispatch from Havana on 1 June 1964. Dr. Castro, it seems, insinuated that the objects could have been some kind of "new model of aggression, brutal and inhuman" weapons of bacteriological and viral nature—by the latest our economy and people"—by the U.S. of course.

Castro further said the area was placed under "medical observation", and "we must be conscious and alert for this kind of danger." The United States denied the accusations and apparently neither Castro nor the U.S. Spokesmen were aware of similar instances recorded by Charles Fort before the present strained Cuba-U.S. relations.

As soon as they hit the ground, the "balloons" dissolved, leaving a gelatinous substance similar to that used in bacteria cultures. Strong rains prevented gathering of samples for analysis.


- page 11 -

HEADQUARTERS
1001st AIR BASE WING, Hq Comd
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
ANDREWS AFB, WASHINGTON D. C., 20331

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DOOT
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)
TO: AFSC (FTID)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. The attached UFO Report is forwarded in accordance with para 12b, AFR 200-2, as amended.

2. Due to the lapse of time involved between the alleged sighting and receipt of the report in this office, it was not deemed feasible to submit the usual electrical report.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of] THOMAS A. PERSONETT
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Operations

1 Atch
UFO Rpt, 2 cys

JUN 10 1964


- page 12 -

No Case, Information Only
XX Sources: Flying Saucer Magazine, April 65

WOMAN'S CAMERA CATCHES 'OBJECT'

THE MYSTERY - Shrouded and foreboding Superstition Mesa of Arizona may hold the answer to an unidentified flying object puzzle - unfolding near Phoenix.

The Superstitions - legendary background of hundreds and one scores of mysterious deaths, the Lost Dutchman's gold mine, and the unsolved disappearances of scores of fortune hunters who went into the mountains in search of the mine and who never returned.

The flying object mystery came to light from a photograph taken by Mrs. Theda Creagle, Farmington near Phoenix car near Phoenix Memorial Day (1964).

Taken with a 127 Brownie camera, the color transparency shows the mountain in the background, and a clear, sharp picture of an object that looks like a came or space fiction magazine.

Silver in color, it looks like a plane with something around it and what could be an enclosed cabin with a space that might be a window can also be seen. The photograph was what might be a vapor leading from high in the sky to the spot where the object was about five miles.

Mrs. Creagle said the object was about five miles from the car when she took the picture. She said it was stationary in the sky but seemed to be rotating on an axis. It was at a fairly low altitude.

She didn't say anything about the object, not knowing whether or not she had the picture. When it was processed she showed it to Budai, Budai and Mrs. Creagle work at Fashion Cleaners in Farmington.

Budai is the 20-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Budai of Waterflow.

Meanwhile Mrs. Creagle wants to sell the picture and has given some thought to turning it over to governmental authorities.

Meanwhile the Mystery of the Superstitions remains just that - except for a photograph.

The foregoing was published on July 24, 1964. We've waited patiently, but to date we haven't seen the photograph. Wonder what happened to it? Did Mrs. Creagle ever sell her photograph, or turn it over to "government authorities"? Who can answer our questions? FLYING SAUCERS offers to publish the photo on its front cover - in full color. In the interest of "proof" of flying saucers - unless it's true that there IS official suppression of flying saucers facts! If this photo never appears on our front cover, perhaps it suggests some sort of proof of suppression, if not of flying saucers. - Rep.

68


- page 13 -

HEADQUARTERS
1001st AIR BASE WING, Hq Comd
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
ANDREWS AFB, WASHINGTON D.C., 20331

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DOBO

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Report

TO: DDOT

5 JUN 1964

1. The following UFO report was received by the Officer of the Day from the Hd Com Command Post on 3 Jun 64, and is forwarded for your information and/or action as appropriate reference WG Supplement 1 to AFR 200-2.

2. A woman called stating she had seen a UFO 31 May 64, between 2230 EDT and 2300 EDT in the Wheaton area. Her husband and 3 other people witnessed the same object. It was coming from the SE moving Northwesterly. The Goddard Space Flight Center was queried and stated it was not a satellite. The could have been a jet. The woman stated the object made an abrupt, repeat abrupt left turn, stopped, turned right and left, and right and left again for approximately 25 minutes, then went up and away. Again the Space Center said they could not confirm any satellite in the area. The color of the object was reddish white.

A brother-in-law in the Rockville area also confirmed this story. Further, on the 20th and 30th she had reported an object also, but no information was received on the other of these objects.

PAUL B. RICE
Major, USAF
Base Operations Officer


- page 14 -

DATA PROCESSING DIVISION
CLIMATIC CENTER, USAF
Air Weather Service (MATS)
Asheville, North Carolina

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: CGDPD
SUBJECT: Data for Washington and Lansing Areas                19 Jun 1964

TO:   AFSC (FTD/TDE/Sgt Moody)

1. Reference: Your telecom with Mr. Shearouse of this Division at
1350 EST on 18 Jun 64.

2. We are inclosing photocopies of the following:
    a. Surface observations (WBAN 10 A & B) for 31 May 64 from
    National Airport, Washington, D.C.

    b. Rawinsonde observations (WBAN 31 ABC) for 21, 22, and 23
    May 1964 from Bishop Airport, Flint, Michigan.

3. Flint is the closest rawinsonde station to the Lansing area.

FOR THE DIRECTOR

THOMAS D. PILKENTWORTH
2d Lt., USAF
Data Processing Division

1 Atch
Photocopies a/s


- page 15 -

The image appears to be a data table or log sheet with multiple columns and rows. However, due to the poor image quality and heavy scanning artifacts, much of the text is illegible or blurry. Some fragments of text are visible, such as "FEW CL SO" and "APGT SIGT" in the rightmost columns, but the majority of the text cannot be clearly read. The document seems to be a structured form with numerical entries and possibly related to meteorological or astronomical observations, but the specifics cannot be determined from this image.


- page 16 -

The image appears to be a complex data table or log sheet with multiple rows and columns. Much of the text is difficult to read due to the low quality and dark nature of the scanned document. Some text is legible, but most of the details are obscured. At the bottom of the document, there are some handwritten notes, but they are not clearly decipherable. The document seems to be a detailed record or log of some kind, possibly related to meteorological, astronomical, or military observations, but without clearer text, I cannot confidently state its exact purpose.


- page 17 -

No Case: Information Only
Source: FSIG Bulletin, Vol 2, #1

16 May 1964
Painesville, Ohio

Painesville, Ohio ... May 16, 1964 ... Mr. Jim Bachelor, and son Bruce, 14, became serious about a strange orange glow in the western sky. They were traveling toward Painesville on Rte. 20. It was 10:45 P.M. To get a better look, they drove up to Harrington Ridge, and looking west, kept the Venus cloud stationary. About 1/2 minutes later, the object was stationary. Suddenly the object started to expand, and within three seconds, it had become many times its original size. Mr. Bachelor was mystified by the almost perfect, clear-cut shape of the object. The shape of the original light had changed. He said that the center of the original light had changed to a luminous white color. He compared its expanded size to a full moon.

Bruce agreed that the yellow light expanded greatly, but he didn't agree perfectly round. His father: the size of the object, though somewhat pear-shaped, was generally round, with soft edges, and no increase in area was noticeable. They were sure that during the three second appearance, a tiny light seemed to drop earthward, but extinguished almost immediately.

Immediately, agreed that the expanded light went out at 11. A switch had been thrown, instantaneously. According to the observer, the object was near the quarter moon, about 20-25 degrees in elevation.

The senior Bachelor was in the artillery during WW II, and said: "Nothing like fireworks explosions," said Bruce. Both were amateur astronomers.

Editor's Comments:
Note the similarity to the sightings of Deputy Jack Hadden and Patrolman Dos Jess reported in June, 1964, Bulletin. State Highway Patrolman Gary Besler of the Ashtabula, Branch, also observed the same phenomenon. The activity on the night of May 16, 1964. The spot is about 300 yards south of US 20 near a small gas-static jack. No more details available to the UFO seen over the highway that night.


- page 18 -

Information Only
Source:                                                    Stockholm, Sweden
                                                           17 May 1964

SWEDEN
Mystery submarine

The London Daily Telegraph, reporting from Stockholm, carried the
following report in its issue of May 21:
    "A foreign submarine was observed in Swedish territorial waters off
the west coast last Sunday night. The Swedish Defence Staff announced
today. The submarine vanished after coming under direct observation
by a Swedish reconnaissance ship.
    "It is believed that after receiving reports of red distress
rockets having been fired. It is charged by the Swedish submarine
hunters that the rockets were discharged by the foreign submarine."


- page 19 -

Information Only (No Case)
Source: FSIC

17 May 1964
North Lawrence, Ohio

More About North Lawrence Case of May 17th ... Mrs. Edna Brakefield telephoned the firehouse after he UFO had passed over, not during the time it hovered over the firehouse. (Phoned from Mrs. Willis Dea Brakefield's home.)

Mrs. Edna Brakefield seemed sure that the object did not alternate (orange to white) until it was almost overhead; a few seconds later it descended.

As she relived the sighting, the memory of it left her visibly shaken. People in the area vouch for her frankness and veracity. The two young children present, and on the tape, are Bobby and Micky, 5 and 7 years respectively. They are the children of Mrs. Edna Brakefield.

Micky, the outspoken one, who insisted he saw the net extending from the UFO as it passed them, still is adamant in his belief. He's a "sharp" little fella, is "individualistic", and unafraid to speak his mind. He constructed a model of the net in the Editor's presence. The white latticed "net" had this shape:

[A hand-drawn grid/net diagram is shown]

This "net" extended down, or at a downward angle from the huge alternating (orange to white) object.

He first saw the net when the object had just passed the overhead position and started to descend.

Ranger VIII ... Finally! We wonder what significant details were photographed. Astronauts on the W. Limb has been of particular interest daily because of the red phenomenon. No green.


- page 20 -

