PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 29 May 64 30/0104Z

2. LOCATION: Palmetto, Florida

3. SOURCE: civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 - 7 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: ground visual

7. COURSE: East

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION OTHER: BIRD
COMMENTS: Duration, and object being below clouds coupled with description of object similarity to pelican, leads to evaluation as a BIRD.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object like bird with 5 lights observed at 90 deg elevation toward West moving to 85 deg elevation in East observed for 5-7 seconds. Flight straight. Alt estimated at 300-350 ft. No sound, no trail. Believed to be below clouds. Lights were lighter colored spots.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)
Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, Imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

The path of travel did not vary.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Only one
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

Page 5 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS Street Palmette City Fla. Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 64 SEX male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
I scan the sky every night weather permitting

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
29th May 1964 my landlady her daughter a


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   31st   July     1964

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[The rest of the page is blank]


- page 4 -

Here is the text I can see in the image:

W
E

WIND
270°

N
W+E
S

The image appears to be a diagram showing a compass rose/directional indicator and a schematic drawing of an object with a triangular/mushroom-like shape, with several small circles along its perimeter and a dashed outline.


- page 5 -

WEATHER INFORMATION 29 MAY 1964 - 1966B

To Whom it May Concern:

1. MacDill Surface Observations: 40 SGTD VSBY 15+ TEMP 76°F
DEN POINT 72°F WIND 270° AT 6 KNOTS. (PARTLY CLOUDY - 1/10 CLOUD
COVER).

2. There were no thunderstorms visible at MacDill AFB.

3. Information concerning winds aloft and vertical temperature
gradient not available.

MARTIN M. SINTEFF, JR.
Captain, USAF
Chief Forecaster

21 September 1964


- page 6 -

The image is a map with the title "ELEVATIONS IN FEET" at the top. It shows a detailed road map of a region in Florida, with various towns, cities, and elevation markers. Some of the visible place names include:

- Plant City
- Lakeland
- Winter Haven
- Haines City
- Arcadia
- Wauchula
- Myakka City
- Charlotte Harbor
- Fort Ogden

The map includes road networks, elevation markers (ranging from around 20 to over 300 feet), and various geographical features like lakes and small towns. The map appears to cover a significant portion of central Florida.


- page 7 -

Here is the text I can read from the image:

MIAMI

[Map of Miami area with various cities and locations marked, including:]

JACKSON
CLEARWATER
ST. PETERSBURG
ST. PETERSBURG BEACH
TAMPA
TAMPA BAY
EGMONT KEY
BRADENTON
SARASOTA
VENICE

Markings on the map include:
- 270° W, 10 Knots
- Various grid coordinates and location markers
- Control zones with times (e.g., 0600 to 2200)

At the bottom of the map:
W-168

Warning: National Defense Operating Area
Caution: Search to the flight of aircraft
Conducted within this area

The map shows the coastal area around Miami, Tampa Bay, and the Gulf of Mexico.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR DEFENSE IDENTIFICATION ZONES AND DEFENSE AREA

DESIGNATED BY THE ADMINISTRATOR OF THE FEDERAL AVIATION AGENCY
EFFECTIVE NOVEMBER 16, 1961

SEARCH AND RESCUE

Search and Rescue Service is a life saving service provided through the combined efforts of the F.A.A, Air Force, Coast Guard, and Civil Air Patrol in cooperation with other organizations such as State Aeronautics Authority, Sheriffs and Civil Air Patrol, State Police, and Local Search and Rescue Units. It provides search, survival aid, and rescue of personnel of missing or crashed aircraft.

All you need to remember to obtain this valuable protection is:
1. File a Flight Plan with a F.A.A. Flight Service Station (FSS) in person or by telephone or radio.
2. File an Arrival Report.
3. If you land at a location other than intended destination, report the landing to the nearest F.A.A. Service Station.
4. If you land enroute and are delayed more than an hour, report this information to the nearest service station.
5. Remember that if you fail to report within one hour after your E.T.A. a search will be started to locate you.
6. If you fail to report within three hours after your E.T.A. the full facilities of the Search and Rescue Service will be activated.

Searchers are expensive, they inconvenience other people, and on numerous occasions the lives of other pilots are jeopardized. SO, FILE AN ARRIVAL REPORT IMMEDIATELY!

GROUND TO AIR EMERGENCY CODE DISTRESS SIGNALS
[Various emergency code signals listed]

INSTRUCTIONS: [Partial text cut off at bottom of page]


- page 9 -

The document contains two main sections:

Top Section: "VISUAL EMERGENCY SIGNALS"
This section shows a grid of stylized human figures demonstrating various emergency signals, with accompanying text describing each signal's meaning and usage. The signals include different body positions and gestures, with illustrations showing how to perform them.

Bottom Section: "CIVIL AIR REGULATIONS PART 620 SECURITY CONTROL OF AIR TRAFFIC"
This is a tabular chart with multiple columns, including sections for:
- Date
- Operation
- Location
- Details about various air traffic and security regulations

The document appears to be an instructional or reference guide for emergency signaling and air traffic control procedures.

Some text is difficult to read due to image quality, but the overall structure and purpose of the document is clear.


- page 10 -

HEADQUARTERS
836TH AIR DIVISION (TAC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
MACDILL AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA

REPLY TO:
ATTN OF: DOI 12

SUBJECT: UFO Report

TO: Air Force Systems Command
Foreign Technology Division (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

The attached report is transmitted to you in accordance with
AFR 200-2.

FOR THE COMMANDER

EDWARD H. CONNOR, III
Colonel, USAF
Deputy Commander for Operations

1 Atch
UFO Report

12 OCT 1964


- page 11 -

HEADQUARTERS
836TH AIR DIVISION (TAC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
MCDILL AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DOI 12
SUBJECT: UFO Report

TO: AFSC (FTD), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

The following report is the analysis of an Unidentified Flying
Object observed on 29 May 1964 and reported to this office during
August. The format used is that given in AFR 200-2.

a.
    (1) The UFO was triangular shaped.

    (2) The size of the UFO was approximately one fourth x
    the size of a match head held at an arm's length.

    (3) Color of the object was dark with five lighter colored
    spots.

    (4) There was only one object.

    (5) None.

    (6) The craft was described as, "a distinct triangular
    silhouette with four lights in line along one edge and a single
    light at the apex of the triangle".

    (7) None.

    (8) None.

    (9) None.

b.
    (1) N/A.

    (2) The UFO appeared almost directly overhead coming from
    due West.

    (3) The UFO disappeared when its position was approximately
    85° above the horizon with a heading of due East.

    (4) The UFO appeared in the West and traveled in a straight
    line to the East. The heading of the object was 090°.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

(5) "The object disappeared as a large dark bird would after dark."

(6) The UFO was in sight for 5 - 7 seconds.

c.
(1) The sighting was a ground-visual.
(2) There were no optical aids other than the observer's eyeglasses.

d.
(1) The sighting was on 29 May at 0104 hours Zulu time.
(2) The sighting was at night.

e. The approximate position of the observer was 0823500W by 273000N.

f.
(1) [Redacted] Age 64
    [Redacted] Street, Palmetto, Florida Ph [Redacted]
(2) N/A.

g.
(1) The observer noted the weather as cloudy with no apparent moon and a few stars visible.
(2) thru (6) See attached weather report.
(7) N/available.

h. None reported.

i. N/A.

j. None reported.

k. Air Intelligence Officer, DAFSC 8054.

The reliability of the subject is doubtful. Weather conditions were clear and the Highway Patrol reported no sighting. There is no apparent substantiating material. I doubt the veracity of this observer's statement.

2


- page 13 -

FAA reports an aircraft in the vicinity at the time of the sighting. The aircraft was on a flight from Orlando to Sarasota, arriving Sarasota 2009 local time (see attached map). The aircraft was a PA22 #50802. There are five visible lights from the ground on this aircraft. The port and starboard wing lights plus two landing lights which form four lights in line. A single tail light is visible.

As stated in the attached weather report, the wind direction was 270° at 6 knots. Under these conditions, an aircraft making a landing at the Sarasota Airport would land on the runway heading East and West with the aircraft heading approximately 90°. Such a landing pattern might put the aircraft over the Palmetto area sometime between 2000 and 2009 local time.

During a phone conversation with [redacted] on 15 September 1964, he amended his estimate of the object's speed to "slightly more than the speed of a jet airliner." Also, he emphasized that, "the outline of the object was very distinct."

It is my opinion that the sighting was the PA22 previously mentioned. The cloud movement may have given the illusion of traveling from West to East (see illustration). I cannot qualify the observer's estimate of speed and his observation that the craft emitted no sound. However, I might submit that a possible explanation for this phenomena is that the object was too far away to be heard and/or there may have been a fault in the observer's hearing sense. In consideration of the observer's estimate of speed, I would suggest that his estimate is inaccurate due to the fact that he is an unqualified observer.

1. None.

Dale C. Hogue
DALE G. ROGUE, A0315993
2dLt, USAF

4 Atch
1. FTD Form 164
2. Drawing
3. Weather Info.
4. Map (Miami)

3


- page 14 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
29th May 1964

2. Time of day: 8 04
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): (a) Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Palmetto Town, Florida

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 7 Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? By speed of object
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

NIGHT
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you d. To your left
b. In back of you e. Overhead
c. To your right f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, JUL 61, which is obsolete.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):     8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                      a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                     b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                      c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember            d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):            WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky                     a. Dry
    b. Hazy                          b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Scattered clouds              c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Thick or heavy clouds         d. Snow
                                     e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
    a. Solid                         d. As a light
    b. Transparent                   e. Don't remember
    c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                      c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                        d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
The under side of a Pelican's Wings

12. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred     e. Other
                 b. Like a bright star
                 c. Sharply outlined
                 d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                         (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?           Yes   (No)   Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes   (No)   Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?              Yes   (No)   Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?                              Yes   (No)   Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                           Yes   (No)   Don't know
    f. Change shape?                                Yes   (No)   Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?                            Yes   (No)   Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                      Yes   (No)   Don't know


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The object disappeared as a large dark bird would after dark.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:  This object traveled under very low clouds

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   none
b. Color   dark with five lighter colored spots

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
I would say not more than one fourth

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
There were no exhaust or vapor trails visible.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with multiple circles/dots, labeled with cardinal directions W and E, with an arrow pointing from W to E]


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 700 m. fer. hr.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 250' to 300'

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         f. Southwest         h. Northwest
c. East              d. Southeast

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses        Yes    No        e. Binoculars       Yes    No
b. Sun glasses       Yes    No        f. Telescope        Yes    No
c. Windshield        Yes    No        g. Theodolite       Yes    No
d. Window glass      Yes    No        h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

I can still think of none.


- page 18 -

