The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

December 1964, 07302
Civilian
One
2-3 Seconds
Ground-Visual
West

Object description and motion in accord with meteor analysis.
Object in flight to West. Duration 2-3 seconds. No tail. Described as a possible reddish-orange observation about 4 1/2 weeks prior to 25 January. Color white or ivory. Object like a shooting star and carbon are light mixed.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten letter or document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Dear Sirs:

Realty of whatIwas a probable siting of a UFO, several, PA, lately last.

The weather foggy, so me a white light mystical. Distant carbons are bright, mystical.

Toward two that, seconds lessen.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Object was going due West at 2:30 am on 2,30/64 morning.
No trail.
Yours truly,
Seward, Pa.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter from the Air Force's Aerial Phenomena Branch addressing a report of possible satellite or meteor sightings.

PID (PID) 9-16-25-3593-5350 APB, Ohio 45433
4 February 1965

Mr. [REDACTED]
Seward, Pennsylvania

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

Thank you for your recent letter describing possible satellite or meteorite observations. The objects which you have described are similar to either meteor or satellite decay reports.

Satellite observations from meteor observations by the direction of flight and duration of the sighting. A satellite would normally move at a constant speed and would disappear over the horizon. Meteors, on the other hand, are characterized by a rapid rise in brightness, a few seconds of maximum brightness, and then a rapid decay.

The Air Force appreciates your reported meteor sightings and is interested in observations of this type as the characteristics are very similar to those of satellite decay.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

- page 4 -

