1. DATE - TIME GROUP
15 November 64, 15/2200

2. LOCATION
Waldwick, New Jersey

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
Insufficient Data for evaluation. Time motion sequence and positional data lacking.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Light that looked like a star moving. Brighter than a star. Occasionally stationary. Disappeared and reappeared.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Varied

8. PHOTOS
O Yes
XXX No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
O Yes
XXX No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

TWO COUPLES FLEE
A HOVERING LIGHT

FOUR Pescaderas (Califor-
nia) saw and signaled in un-
identified flying light over the
Butano Girl Scout Camp Monday
night, Nov. 2, 1964.

But when I responded and
moved toward them, they panicked
and fled.

The story was told to sheriff's
deputies by Rudolph Huizen, 30, a
carpenter at the camp.

He said at about 8:15 p.m. he
heard a dog barking.

A friend, Duane Myers, 24, a
Pescadero nurseryman, and he
went outside to investigate. In the
northeast sky they saw a very
bright light about the size of a
half dollar moving erratically.

"It was way up in the sky," said Huizen today. "Just for kicks
I flashed an SOS at it with my flashlight. And that son-of-a-gun came
down."

There was no sound, he said,
just a bright light.

"It came down and settled over

the trees about half a mile away
and moved back and forth. When I
flashed my flashlight at it again it
lit up the sky like a full moon. It
was about as big as a football."

Huizen and Myers ran into the
house, fetched their wives, Henny
Huizen, 29, and Diana Myers, 20.

The four watched the object for a
while, signaled once more.

Then it moved toward them.
They fled into the house.

"If you were standing in my
shoes," you would have run too," said Huizen.

The four peeked out of the doorway, saw the light back away, grow dim.

"Then it took off," said Huizen.
"No jet or any plane could go that
fast."

He called Butano Forest Ranger
Raymond Cavallero, who called the
sheriff's office. Deputies who went
out to the Girl Scout camp reported the object was gone, but that
the observers were all quite sober.

67


- page 2 -

Information Only
Source: APRO Bulletin, November 64

Pescadero, California
3 November 64

Mystery Light Panics Couple

At 8:15 p.m. on 3 November 1964, Rudolph Huizen, 30, caretaker, and Duane Myers, 24, a nursery man, were alerted by a barking dog at the Butano Girl Scout Camp near Pescadero, California. Both men went outside to investigate and immediately saw a very bright light "about the size of a half dollar" which was moving erratically in the northeast sky.

Huizen said it was "high in the sky" and "just for kicks" he flashed an SOS at it with his flashlight. The light began moving toward the men. It made no sound, just became larger and larger.

Huizen told deputies of the incident the next morning and said that after the first SOS the object came down and settled over the trees about a half a mile away and moved back and forth. Huizen flashed his light at it again and it "lit up the sky like a full moon. It was as big as a football."

At this point the two men ran into the house and brought their wives out to watch. The four watched for a while longer then signaled the SOS again. The object immediately responded and moved toward them. All four fled into the house and watched from the doorway as the object backed away and then "took off," Huizen reported, "no jet or any plane could go that fast."

Huizen called the Butano Forest Ranger Raymond Cavallaro, who called the sheriff's office. Deputies who went out to the Camp reported the object was gone.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case, Liberation Only
Source:    PSIN Bulletin, Vol. 2, #1

Berea, Ohio, November 3, 1964 ... Three teen-aged girls found little interest in the elections that night. Like most Americans, Mr. and Mrs. Leligdon were glad to their T.V. sets.

The double feature sighting of the same or similar object took place about 45 minutes apart, and was by far more exciting to the girls.

At approximately 6:45 P.M., Nancy Belemy, 13, was walking west toward the home of the Louis Leligdons. As she neared her destination, she noticed a bright light high which was descending slowly down toward the tall maple tree in Leligdon's back yard. The huge light seemed generally oval in shape. She watched just 5 seconds before excitedly rushing up onto Leligdon's front porch, pounded on the door and told her mother and father what she had seen about this phenomenon.

By the time anyone got around to verifying the sighting, the light was no longer visible. Nancy in describing its intensity, said that she had to squint to look at it. It lit up the whole area around her.

The girls periodically looked out the back window to see if the light was still there. About 45 minutes, one of the girls saw the light had returned. All three girls were there in a flash. This time the light was just above the level of the garage, and starting to move away. One or two of the girls ran to the older Leligdons to get them to come look.

It had been like a "chase" for them from the tree, but even she didn't see it disappear. In the excitement she momentarily turned away from the object, when she looked again, it was gone. Nancy, who had seen the previous one, said it looked just like the one she had seen coming down, but this time it was different. She emphasized that the shape was not necessarily symmetrical. Nancy said it was yellow-white within the "shape", but gave off intense white light around the edges. It was completely white and hard to look at, with fuzzy edges.

It encompassed a width comparable to the tree itself which is about 40 feet, and vertically it varied from 8 - 12 feet, with the observers. The sky above was illuminated, too, as well as the light around its "edges". The Leligdon girls said the light was lighting up the arms of the Leligdon house. The light was silhouetted by the tree, and according to the girls it was between the tree and the pool, a short distance north.

After a while the girls went outdoors, and cautiously went to the place where the light had been.

The next morning, the girls decided to look around where the phenomenon had been observed. They found a place in the grass near the tree and neighboring trees. The spot was verified by Mr. and Mrs. Leligdon. One of the girls said, "How could such a large object cause such a light to be observed?"

No samples were saved and no check for radioactivity was made.

Accompanying the second sighting was an unusual sound that persisted with some short breaks until 10:00 P.M. They say it was a monotonous, single pitch sound, with slight variation up or down due to a wavering quality. It was plainly heard by Mrs. Leligdon and her husband. Mr. Leligdon described the telephonic pole had been near for its origin, but with negative result. She also added, and Susan Leligdon and Nancy agreed, that it was based for about a week prior to that, mostly at night. (All agreed on this.) She said that in the next few nights, continuous buzzing of radar, said Susan Leligdon, "Like the buzzing of many bees," had Nancy. On one morning, on the way to school, they heard it plainly.

Mr. Belemy, as employee of NASA heard it too, but did not have an explanation. No explanation has far.

Editorial Comment:
It reminds us of the night of February 17th, 1963, where similar but much more intense wave-like sounds were heard by a woman, Larry Moyers, and Milton Nice. In two places mile apart, conditions of light seemed to be associated with it, but again as here, persisted long after the "garage of light" had disappeared from


- page 4 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: FSIC Bulletin, Vol 2, # 1

4 November 1964
Bath Township, Ohio

November 4, 1964 ... On that same morning, in Bath Township, another sighting was made. A doctor's wife was driving east on Bath Road, when she noticed a shiny object in the sky slightly south. She watched same, but details are scant. May be bar, or just slow moving. Time 8:05 A.M. No other details. (This area is 15 miles NW of Judson's residence.)


- page 5 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: UFOB Bulletin, Vol 2, # 1

4 November 1964
Springfield Township, Akron, Ohio

Springfield Township, Akron, Ohio ... Berger Road ... November 4, 1964 ... 8:50 P.M. ... Carl Justice looked into the NE sky. He thought he was seeing the approach of an airplane at high altitude. But the object was not moving. The object was seen like a triangle with a flat top. Extending upward were three illuminated slender extensions. Two lights were situated at its base. (All lights white.) The object remained at its 40 degree elevation position for a considerable time. When he retired it was still there. When he started for work (7:50 A.M.) he found the object just slightly east of where it had been, but stationary. It was a shiny object then. No sound. (Testimony given Larry Meyer.)


- page 6 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: FSIC Bulletin, Vol 2, # 1                                                   6 November 1964
                                                                                    Olmsted Falls, Ohio

Olmsted Falls, Ohio --- November 6, 1964 --- 6:06 P.M.
... Shady Road ... It was clear and completely dark when the observer's attention was drawn to a brilliant object in the sky to their S. The object was at an elevation of 40-45 degrees.

First seen, and their claim is the apparent size of a quarter blicked completely on and off, was as bright as automobile headlights, always while in color, and had a poor outline, (Blurred)

The object traveled N toward them and the nearby Turnpike. then turned westward, moving alongside the S side of the Turnpike. Its speed was described as faster than any aircraft seen by them before. (Cleveland Hopkins Intl. Airport is 2 miles SE of them.) The object was in view for 2 minutes. No sound or trail.

Observers: Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Haag, Luanne Haag 16, and Jack Dover 15-1/2.


- page 7 -

Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol 12, #1, March 1965

Lake Michigan
7 November 1964

...on November 7th, a large and extremely bright flash in the sky - too long in duration to be lightning - was reported on both sides of Lake Michigan. The flash was seen by residents of seven Wisconsin counties, and it was reported by at least three pilots who were airborne at the time. Local weather bureaus were unable to explain the incident.


- page 8 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: FSIC Bulletin, Vol 2, # 1

7 November 1964
Lake Michigan

U.S. SIGHTINGS
November 7, 1964 ... Huge flash of light seen over Lake
Michigan. Authorities said it was probably an exploding meteor
(Details)


- page 9 -

Information Only.
Source: Saucer News, Vol 12, #1, March 1965

Bayville, New Jersey
9 November 1964

NEW "PHYSICAL EVIDENCE": Dr. A. Kraja, a noted psychologist and parapsychological investigator, has submitted a source which is a considerable quantity of a strange thread-like substance which he discovered while driving his car along the Garden State Parkway, near Bayville, N.J., on the morning of November 25th. The material was on the crest of a hill about 10 feet from the highway, and was lying in a fluff blanket strip about three feet wide and some 100 feet long. Interviewed at Interval of about 100 feet, Dr. E. Olcyn, a leading New York chemist, was given a sample of the material by Dr. Kraja. He was unable to analyze it, and gave it to Dr. Schwartz, one of America's outstanding authorities on man-made fibers. Dr. Schwartz is quoted as having said: "This is a construct, but unknown to our technology."

The material is reminiscent of angel's hair, but is not the same. Since angel's hair is sold to "walk" when touched, here at SAUCER NEWS quarters, we have not yet attempted to have the fiber analyzed, though we are anxious to do so. Any reader who has access to a chemical laboratory should get in touch with us as soon as possible, and we will gladly send him some of this strange material.


- page 10 -

Information Only
Source: A I R O Bulletin, January 1965
Kaiio. Station, Gisborne,
9 November 1964

Farmer Observes Sphere

At 8 p. m. on 9 November 1964 Trevor Foss of Kaiio Station, Gisborne, New Zealand, responded to his son John's call to watch a light in the northern sky. When Foss looked, he saw a ball of light brighter than any star traveling south toward him.

The Foss homestead is in the hills 1,000 feet above sea level. Using his night binoculars Foss, his son and another were able to view the object. It took 5 minutes to go from its position when first seen in the north to the southern horizon.

Foss, in a letter to Harold Fulton who was inquiring on behalf of APRO, said that two minutes prior to "first sighting" the space ship", they had seen a bright ball disappearing in the east over Gisborne. The Foss farm is 22 air miles south of Gisborne. A quarter moon was in the west behind the observers.

The "space ship" as Foss referred to it, did not pass directly overhead, but rather "slightly away", presenting a side view. The object presented a spherical appearance. The leading edge was outlined by a single dark line and it and the dark portion immediately behind were glowing hot with the major heat on the leading edge. The rotating light beams were a brilliant white and were projected downwards and toward the rear. The binoculars afforded a view which disclosed 6 jet-like objects at the rear. The lighting or inside of which was golden-colored. The jets gave off a brilliant blue flame. Mr. Foss was unable to clearly discern what linked the tail of the disc with the rear jets but was able to get a clear view of the jets.

Foss, his son John (15) and a worker saw the object and Foss telephoned neighbors who also saw it but not as clearly as they were not equipped with binoculars.


- page 11 -

Waldwick, N.J. 07465
11/15/64

Dear Sirs:

Tonight, at approximately 5:00 PM EST, we saw what we believe a UFO. Let me give you the facts leading up to this sight. At 2:30 about 12 boys and girls were playing softball. After the game, 2 boys and I walked with 5 of the girls down town for a soda and then we played on walking that night. At approximately the above time, we arrived at a railroad bridge. The sky was partly over a track. We sat on the wall of the bridge and we were looking at the sky. I explained that the ring around the moon was partly hast and pollution. Then we all noticed a light against the sky. We took it as nothing at first but it then occurred to us that the sky was still partially blue. And it wasn't haze or a searchlight because we would have seen the beam of light. It wasn't a star because it was brighter. We would watch it for a minute and it disappeared. At this point we knew it wasn't a plane because it didn't move. And it wasn't a searchlight or star. Next the light appeared just between some trees. It didn't move to this position, it just appeared. Then at exactly to the west, This is all we saw it. Later I took the position. It was about 165° SSW the first time and between 240° and 255° SW and 15°. These are just approximations. The girls were worried and they asked me to write. (By the way, these are not very accurate. I will begin more information on this article later.) Will you be in a position to help me and make this position, also, I will be glad to provide a full statement by all of us. Please write me also, if you have any information on these areas, send it soon, please.

Thanking you in advance,
[Signature blacked out]


- page 12 -

Information Only
Source: AFRO Bulletin, January 65
El Paso, Texas
10 November 1964

Disc Formations Over El Paso Formations...

Several residents of El Paso, Texas observed formations of unidentified flying objects in early November and at least two families feel that electrical phenomena may have been linked to the passage of the objects overhead.

Our first report came from Mrs. Margaret Tingvely, dated 10 November, 1964:

"On Friday, November 6 at about 8 p.m., (not certain) my son and I saw two lights of changing colors going east-northeast from the west and keeping a high rate of speed. One light deviated to the north and went out and the other kept going a short distance, then it too went out.

"Twenty minutes later or so two cream-colored discs of light going in the reverse direction, e. east to west-southwest at a high rate of speed followed by a red light centered behind them. This would have been one half the size of a dime.

"On Monday night, November 9 at 8:15 p.m. my husband, son and I saw six cream-colored circular objects coming from the east-northeast and headed in a west-southwest direction. They were in a chain-like formation (like a centipede) and as they passed overhead, they broke the chain and grouped into formation of threes, twos and then they spiraled up without light—but still obvious for a second or so as dark shadows.

"Our neighbors came outside complaining that their house lights were flickering on and off. One neighbor had trouble with a refrigerator turning off and on also.

"No news of this was in the newspapers—we did not report this either."

Unquote.

Mrs. Tingvely's second communication was dated 13 November and is self-explanatory:

"Tuesday, November 10, at 8:20 p.m. a neighbor, Mrs. Tanner, my children and I saw about 10 to 12 disc-like lights (they moved too fast to count easily) moving from the north and headed south. They

(Continued from page 1)

were in a V formation (as birds fly). They became dark as they pulled up and out of sight. They were about half the size of a dime held at arm's length and a pale pink-cream color. Mrs. Tanner called a local radio and TV station and told them what she had seen. I, too, called and was informed that I was the ninth caller.

The reporter said that most of these calls had come from northeast El Paso and asked me if this was where I had seen them and I confirmed the fact. Were a block or so from Fort Bliss. The reporter said he had so many calls mentioning these sightings that he would not mention them all. He said many of the callers had mentioned having seen these objects on Monday night also."

There may be some significance in the "pull up" over Fort Bliss, and there may not be, but it is obvious that the area has some relation to something for two sets of the disc-shaped objects pulled up and out of sight over that area. We will keep members posted on this set of incidents. El Paso's location at the southern tip of the White Sands Range plus the location of the huge army installation, Fort Bliss, and the existence of Biggs Air Force Base, from a military standpoint, makes the area quite important from a military standpoint.

(See "Formations", page 2)


- page 13 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: PSIC Bulletin, Vol 2, # 1                                                   11 November 1964
                                                                                    Akron, Ohio

Akron Area... November 11, 1964... A huge pure white object with a thick trail was seen in the NW at 9:50 P.M. Robert Noland, a physical education teacher saw the extremely "brilliant" trail.


- page 14 -

Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol 12, #1, March 1965

Buenos Aires, Argentina
14 November 1964

FLYING SAUCERS OVER ARGENTINA: On the night of November 14th, a mysterious object was observed by astronomers at the San Miguel Observatory, near Buenos Aires, Argentina. The red-colored object was spotted at about 4:45 time-speed near a man-made earth satellite, according to a spokesman for the Observatory. A half hour later, the same object crossed the sky again, either in speed or orbital height.

A few nights earlier, two men in a truck traveling along a highway near Parana in the northern province of Entre Rios, reported to police that a fast-moving brightly-lit object descended on their truck several times.

These incidents are just two in a continuing Argentine flag, consisting of frequent near-landings, occasional landings, and scattered reports of little men. Unfortunately, our clipping services do not send us more than a small percentage of these reports.


- page 15 -

Information Only
Source: A P R O Bulletin, January 1965

Buenos Aires, Argentina
14 November 1964

Mystery Object
Over Argentina

Astronomers at the San Miguel Observatory near Buenos Aires, reported seeing an unidentified, red-colored object which sped across the southern sky at 4¼ times the speed of a man-made satellite, on Saturday night, the 14th of November 1964.

The object, elongated, flattened and reddish colored, traveled from west to east at 8:35 p.m. from east to west for five minutes later (8:40) and from west to east at 9:05 p.m.

The astronomers who observed the mysterious object said it crossed the observatory's telescope range in four minutes, whereas normal artificial satellites take roughly 18 minutes.

Astronomers at San Miguel Observatory also said the object could not have been an artificial satellite because it crossed the sky from opposite directions, it did not resemble any known type of satellite, and that even taking into account different orbital heights, the difference in speed was unaccountable.

The same Reuters dispatch which car-

ried the above information also stated on the preceding Tuesday (10 November) two men in a truck traveling along a road near Parana, in the northern Province of Entre Rios, reported to police that a fast-moving bright object showing blue and white flashes swooped several times on their vehicle.


- page 16 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: FSIC Bulletin, Vol 2, # 1

14 November 1964
Akron, Ohio

November 14, 1964... 8:14 P.M. ... An Akron elementary school pupil reported the peculiar behavior of a large red, round light. He was about 4 blocks from Main Street, and proceeded to Exchange Street. Using the Akron Beacon Journal's sign as a point of reference, he spotted the object. Then the object moved left (SW) still the same block later. It stopped, was plainly visible right over where it had been. It stopped, then disappeared.

The amateur observer looked again and again, but that was the last he saw of it.

Observer: Mr. Ralph Tate.


- page 17 -

16 - 30 NOVEMBER 1964 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                                OBSERVER           EVALUATION

16      75 NM NW of Midway Islands (Pacific)    Military           Astro (METEOR SHOWER)
16-20/1 Dec Blue Hill, Maine-                                      Aircraft
17       Flint, Michigan                                           Insufficient Data
17       Cleveland, Ohio                                           Insufficient Data
17       65.43N  25.26W (Atlantic)                                 Satellite
17       Bridgewater, Massachusetts                                Aircraft
17       30N 140W (Pacific)                                        Satellite
18       Shirley, Massachusetts                                    Astro (METEOR)
18       Pilottown, Louisiana                                      Insufficient Data
18       48.07N 172.10W (Pacific)                   USCG            Satellite
19       34.55N 164.05E (Pacific)                   Military        Aircraft
19       33.59N 168.10E (Atlantic)                                 UNIDENTIFIED
19       (16-24)  18.10N 66.12W (Atlantic)          USS GYATT (RADAR) (SCOPE PHOTOS)
                                                    (Visual)        Other (CONFLICTING DATA)
20       Lakeland, Florida                          Military        Satellite
20       33N 177W (Pacific)                                         Aircraft
23       33.58N 164.03E (Pacific)                   USCG MATAGORDA  Satellite
26       30N 140W (Pacific)                                         Satellite
28       Honolulu, Hawaii                           USCG Pontchartrain Balloon
28       13.00N 162.00W (Pacific)                   Military        Insufficient Data
28       30N 140W (Pacific)                         USCG Pontchartrain Satellite
28       33.55N 164.10E (Pacific)                   USCG Matagorda   Insufficient Data
29       33.59N 166.02E (Pacific)                   USCG Matagorda   Insufficient Data
29       66.38N 30.23W (Iceland)                    Military         Satellite
30       33.58N 164.14E (Pacific)                   USCG Matagorda   Astro (METEOR)
30       33.59N 164.82E (Pacific)                   USCG Matagorda   Insufficient Data
                                                                     Satellite

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                                SOURCE             EVALUATION

Nov     Universe                                Science News Ltr
16      Lolo, Montana                            Newsclipping
16      Buenos Aires, Argentina                  Newsclipping
17      Maryville, Wisconsin                     Newsclipping
17      Italy                                    Robato (Ltr)
26      43.43N 51.20W (Atlantic)                 Msg
26      Grand Valley, Pennsylvania               Newsclipping
27      North Cape, P.E. Island, Canada          Newsclipping
27      Longmont, Colorado                       Newsclipping
28      Prince Edwards Island                    Newsclipping
30      Grand Valley, Pennsylvania               Newsclipping


- page 18 -

Waldwick, N. J. 07463

Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright - Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio


- page 19 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TDEW/UFO
UFO Sighting, Waldwick, New Jersey, 15 Nov 64                     2 Dec 64

Hq USAF SAFOI PB (Mrs Hunt)
Webb D C 20330

1. This office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object
report from                 of                 , Records show no previous correspondence from
his.

2. We are unable to evaluate the lights which Mr.                 
observed, on 15 Nov 64 over Waldwick, New Jersey, on the limited
data presented. It is suggested that a Fact Sheet be included
with your reply.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCHERES
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems


- page 20 -

Dear Mr. [redacted]

Due to insufficient information, we are unable to evaluate your report of the lights which you observed on 15 November 1964 over Waldwick, New Jersey.

Attached for your information is a report on Project Blue Book which is the Air Force project on unidentified flying objects.

Sincerely,

MASTON R. JACKS
Major, USAF
Chief, Pictorial Branch
Public Documentation Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
Blue Book Report

Mr. [redacted]
Waldwick, New Jersey, 17463

Co-8 Dec


- page 21 -

OCT-NOV 1964 H, 2, 66

Nomanchuck: Difficult because
of particular report

Dear Dr. J. Allen Hynek:

I suppose you'll find the answer
to what I saw, I did the best
picture of it I could. Dr. Cantrell
from the Blue Book says we see these
things because we want to believe
one was not looking for this. I was
scared stiff. I stopped my car when I
got close and I thought my hair
would come up on my head, that I
was scared I was. It was 10:30 at night
and this disc or whatever you
call it was low about 15 feet to 15 yds
up in the air or so it seemed to me. I'd
never forget this as long as I live,
the next night my son said he saw it
too. He was with a bunch of girls and
they parked in a field, and they saw
it too. I don't know if they saw the file
but I did now can you explain
that to me or can anybody do it
I'd be very glad to find out more about
it-


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

The fire would cut right out from that object as if you would with a knife if you'll get out with the noise and I am not of what, I'm 55 years old, I think I'm normal, maybe others don't think so. I feel silly writing this because it almost seems impossible, the next morning I call the woman at and ask if anybody had called about a Saucer, the answer was no, I felt like a nut honest this maybe you'll think the same, but that's what I really did see. The motor was going it was stop then I started and will explain meeting of the chart, I expect yet get an answer that I'm a nutty from cake and I'll believe you, but believe me I seen this thing in late '64 around action morning hope to hear from somebody about this soon.


- page 23 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

Top right corner:
Deleted
Xerox
Bound

Left side annotations:
Attachs
Come Zny

Right side text (partially legible):
"Motor was running but this thing was starting to settle in a way I suddenly saw it just like a plane and then fire started to come out the stack partly it when it got near the street"

Bottom of page:
"Railroad tracks" (appears on both left and right sides)

There is also a hand-drawn diagram/sketch spanning both pages with various annotations, but the text is mostly illegible or too blurry to confidently transcribe.


- page 24 -

The text in the image is largely handwritten and partially illegible. Here's what I can discern:

On the right side of the document, some readable text includes:
"about 18 to 30 deg"
"Seen that sky"
"Coming out about"
"4 or 5 times"

On the left side, the text is more difficult to read clearly, with most writing being too small or blurred to confidently transcribe.

The document appears to be a sketch or diagram with a circular shape, with handwritten notes around its edges. Some words are visible but not fully legible due to the handwriting and image quality.

The document seems to be related to some kind of observation, possibly of a sky or aerial phenomenon, given the context of a UFO report.


- page 25 -

