PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 25/Jul/64 - 2112

2. LOCATION: Whitesboro, New York

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 min 30 sec

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: North

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Satellite (ACS 1 & II)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Obj at apparent height of less than any year vicinity. Object noticed by civilian in New York. Moved in straight line at varied intervals and then accelerated at much higher speed and disappeared over the horizon. Observer noticed similar object "following" at same course.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Project Blue Book Information Officer
Hq. USAF (SAFOI-PG)
The Pentagon
Washington 25, DC

Whitesboro, New York
July 27, 1964

Dear Sir,

I am writing to letter to report several curious phenomena which I and three other witnesses saw in the past two days. On the evening of July 26, Sunday, at 9:50 P.M. I and 3 other people saw our object. We first noticed it at the sky zenith. It appeared brighter than any of the stars visible. (This was an extremely clear night.) It did not twinkle like a star but appeared as a definite point of light. It moved in a northern direction. It would pause at varied intervals and then moderate to a very notable increase in speed. At this speed it disappeared over the northern horizon in only a few minutes. This is the general direction of Griffiss Air Force Base.

On the following night at about 9:30 P.M. - a similar object was spotted by myself and one of the persons who witnessed the previous night's spectacle. We in turn notified the other two people. We followed the object from a position South East of my home (located in Utica, N.Y.) as it followed a northern course, identical to that of the object on the previous night. It also paused and accelerated at intervals. The resemblance of the two objects was identical.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Later that night two of us spotted what seemed to
be another of these strange objects. We watched it while
watching the sky for meteors and observing constellations.
(We are both what might be called amateur astronomers)
at was 10:08 P.M. when it appeared in the north
western sky and proceeded, very low on the
horizon, until it disappeared in the south west. we
resembled the first time almost exactly. It even
moved at apros. the same speed. However, we did
not witness this one to pause as had the others.

I would appreciate any explanation you
could furnish to me as to the origin of these
objects. I wish to thank you for your time
and consideration in reading this letter.

Yours Truly,
[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 3 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDBM
SUBJECT:

To: HQ USAF SAFOI FB (Attn: Gaiser)

1. The following letter from Mr. [redacted] to the U. S. Air Force
contains several observations of objects on the nights of 26 and
27 July 64. It is believed that the objects observed were in all
probability Echo 1 and Echo 2. Echo 1 passed over Whitesboro, New
York, on the night of 26 July 64 at 9:51 p.m. and 10:59 p.m. Eastern
Standard Time heading northeast. Echo 2 passed over Whitesboro,
New York, on the night of 26 July 64 at 9:22 p.m. and 10:19 p.m.
Eastern Standard Time, and on the night of 27 July at 9:53 p.m. East-
ern Standard Time. We [redacted] sightings are evaluated as Echo
observations. It is suggested that an Echo schedule for future dates
be forwarded to Mr. [redacted] with our evaluation of his observations.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY


- page 4 -

August 17, 1964

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

This is in reply to your letter of July 27, 1964, in which you reported observing several objects in the sky on the evening of both July 26th and 27th.

It is believed that the objects you observed were Echo I and Echo II. Echo I passed over Whitesboro, New York on the night of July 26th at 8:51 p.m. and 10:59 p.m., Eastern Standard Time, heading northeast. Echo II passed over Whitesboro on the night of July 26th at 9:29 p.m. and 10:19 p.m., EST, and on the night of July 27th at 9:53 p.m., EST. They probably gave the appearance of being stationary at a point and then speeding up since they were at the zenith and viewing them from the ground made it appear that they slowed down or stopped altogether until they began their swing downward from the arc.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
Whitesboro, New York


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

26-27 July 64

Whitesboro, New York
March 31, 1964

20 S. Air Force, Air Phenomena Bureau
Pentagon
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sirs:

I would appreciate any information you could supply me with regarding "flying saucers" or UFOs. I have read several books on this type and would be thankful for anything you could do for me.

Thank you for your time and consideration.

Yours truly,

[Signature and name are redacted/blacked out]


- page 6 -

