Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE-TIME GROUP
10 July 64 11/0452

2. LOCATION
Washington, D.C.

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
West

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

10. CONCLUSION
Balloon

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object observed after sunset appearing as brighter than Venus at it's max. Light only. Observed through TX and lost sight. Could not relocate. No shape to object. Speed slower than ECHO by about 5%. Smooth speed even flight. No change in altitude, 75 degrees of arc in 15 minutes. Compared to ECHO.

COMMENTS: Max brightness of ECHO is about -2 while Venus goes to -4.4. Data on brightness inconsistent. Balloon

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-529 (TDE)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

10 JUL 64
Wash, D.C.
por a/c

August 12, 1964

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Our Project Office at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base has attempted to evaluate the UFO sighting you recently reported.

The information contained in your report indicates that the observation was possibly a high flying aircraft. The time of the sighting was such that the aircraft would be in the visible rays of the sun, which had just set, while the ground lights could still be seen. The object could not have been a satellite because of the direction of flight. Also, it is not likely that a balloon was observed due to the constant speed, even flight, and duration of observation. In addition, the motion to the west is against a prevailing wind at altitudes over Washington, D.C. The motion and speed indicated in your report was a steady even flight through 750 of arc in 15 minutes. This represents about the maximum duration that an aircraft at 40,000 feet would be observed. No check was made to determine if any aircraft was in this area at this time due to heavy air traffic in and around Washington, D.C. at the time of your sighting. This case is given an evaluation of a possible aircraft observation.

Sincerely,

MASON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

[Recipient's name and address are redacted]


- page 2 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDBW
SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information (Meredith Williams)

TO: HQ USAF SAFOI FB (Mrs. Geiser)

1. We have received a report from Mr. [redacted] of an unidentified flying object on 10 July 1964. Mr. [redacted] has requested our evaluation of his sighting.

2. The information contained in his report indicates that the observation was possibly a high flying aircraft. The time of sighting was such that the sun, which had just set, while the ground light condition was dusk. The object could not have been a satellite, because of the direction of flight. Also, it is not likely that a balloon was observed due to constant speed, overflight, and duration of observation. Also motion to the west at a given prevailing wind at altitudes over Washington D.C. The motion and speed indicated in his report was a steady even flight through 75 degrees of arc in 15 minutes. This represents about the maximum duration that an aircraft at 40,000 feet would be observed. No check was made to determine if any aircraft was in this area at the time, due to heavy air traffic in and around Washington D.C. at the time of his sighting. No case is given for evaluation of a possible aircraft observation.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

Request evaluation

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
10 July 1964
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 8:45 to 9:00
Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
My front yard at:
[Redacted address] Washington, D.C.
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
0   15   approx
Hours  Minutes  Seconds

(Circle One): a. Certain
             b. Fairly certain
             c. Not very sure
             d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in-sight determined? clock
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                   NIGHT
(Circle One): a. After Sunset, but   b. Bright
             b. Sky still           b. Cloudy
             c. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left - had just set (8:35 PM)
             b. Back of you
             c. To your right
             e. Overhead
             f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects:
Brighter than Venus at max brilliance

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other:

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly appear and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

(NO)
(NO)
(NO)
(NO)
(NO)
(NO)
(NO)
(NO)

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
Yes - into the brighter sky of the West. Disappeared while adjusting telescope - could not relocate it.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - none
b. Color - brilliant star - white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
all of it

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
no shape to naked eye. With 100x ocular in my inexpensive telescope (which has aberration) it appeared as a translucent globe having one or two bright highlights. It moved nearly directly from East to West, almost overhead (max elevation when due North, about 80°.)


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Altitude Unknown. Angular speed about 4-5 times slow or that the Echo satellites.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No   f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   h. Other   (0x50)

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

With binoculars, it was still a point of light. With telescope, see Item 19. It's angular size (dim) was 4 or 5 times that of Jupiter at opposition. It traversed the field (less than 1/2°) in 8-10 seconds when due north. Didn't measure time or angle - these are my best guesses.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

smooth, satellite-like
motion

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

only one


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
no - Echo satellites closest similarity except they are 45 times faster

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Wife
Children

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS Washington D.C. 20016
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 40 SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Amateur astronomer
Electronics Engineer
B.S. Physics + Math

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
15 July 1964 NASA, Georgetown
Day Month Year Univ. Observatory,
and you.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 17 July 1964
Day    Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

In a discussion with Georgetown University graduate student who has seen high altitude balloons, it developed that this is the most likely answer. He had not seen, or had any sighting of, this particular object.

In your evolution reply, please furnish all available details such as some type, speed, altitude etc. Thank you.


- page 10 -

