Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE, TIME GROUP
August 6, 10/0155Z

2. LOCATION
Colorado Springs, Colorado

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
15-20

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Reported objects observed and photographed. Film submitted
for analysis.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Less than 10 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

COMMENTS: Photos submitted with report for analysis. Objects in
film did not correspond with objects as reported. Insufficient
data for evaluation. Only unidentifiable image on the film
strip was a blurred streak determined to be within 14 meters of
the camera.

7. COURSE
N/A

8. PHOTOS
XYes
9. NO.
2 No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
No

PTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

(1) Captain Donald D. Deloye, AO 3053215, Assistant Base Operations Officer,Ent AFB, Colorado.

(2) The following agencies were contacted in an attempt to obtain additional reports on the sightings: All provided negative answers.

(a) Denver ARTC. This agency checked their radar and flight logs for the period in question.

(b) Colorado State Patrol.

(c) Local Law Enforcement Agencies in Colorado Springs, Broadmoor, Manitou Springs, Fort Carson (US Army), Woodland Park, Div. 15, Cripple Creek, Pueblo, Canon City, and Salida.

(d) U.S. Forestry Service who in turn contacted all five towers and ranger stations in the area.

(e) FAA Control Towers at Peterson Field, and Pueblo Municipal, Pueblo.

(f) The lodge manager on top of Pikes Peak and the toll gate operators for the road leading to the top of the peak.

(g) Rainbow Valley Recreation Area (USAF leased facility).

(h) In addition to the above checks the North American Air Defense Command Combat Operations and Space Detection and Tracking Centers were contacted. They indicated there was no unusual activity at the time that might have caused the sightings.

(3) The attached map has been annotated with red "X's" to indicate points contacted for possible sightings.

(4) Preliminary analysis of the sightings:

(a) The testimony from all five witnesses leaves little doubt there were objects or some phenomena present. The film may prove the objects to be some type of aerial vehicles, however, the other evidence available tends to disprove this. A thorough search made to date of anyone else had seen such objects brought negative results. The local GCI site, Denver ARTC and Peterson Approach Control all indicated negative radar returns for the area during this time. In question and the NORAD Space Detection and Tracking Center also indicated there were no known type of aerial vehicles.

4


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(b) The sightings could have been caused by particular or "cap" type clouds over the mountains or by the rays of the setting sun reflecting off some other unusual weather phenomena. This is based on the following:

1. The air was relatively unstable at the time of the sightings, with many thunderstorms in the area.

2. The objects when sighted were almost in line with the setting sun.

3. The sighting appeared "cloudlike" in nature to some of the witnesses.

4. The sightings took place in a very populated area and the objects were not reported by anyone else which tends to substantiate the theory that objects were only visible from an angle closely in line with the setting sun.

5. The objects did not appear to get larger as they approached the observers. This violates the perspective rule for solid objects.

(5) Existence of physical evidence: Mr. [redacted] one of the witnesses, indicated he photographed the objects with an 8NE movie camera. He volunteered this film for evaluation. The film has not been developed as the developing process is patented by a commercial concern and local authorities and civil photographic agencies could not develop it. The witness' camera was a Keystone Americana 8MM movie camera with a 25MM f-1.8 telephoto lens. The camera was equipped with an exposure meter, long lens, shutter speed and lens opening data is available. He used no filters or tripod. He did use "panning" technique. The camera was pointed between 262 - 272 degrees (True) and between approximately 12 - 15 degrees from the horizon.

2. The witness, [redacted] desires the real roll on which the undeveloped film is rolled and a replacement roll of film be returned to him.

3. NOTE: The attached roll of film is undeveloped and should be opened only by qualified photographic personnel.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
MAC VICKERY
Major, USAF
Deputy Commander for
Operations And Maintenance

3 Atch
1. Men of Area
2. Weather Data
3. Roll 8MM Undeveloped Film (For TD-8)

Copies to: ADC (ADOTR), NORAD (MREF)


- page 3 -

4th Weather Wing (MATS)--Det 1
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Ent Air Force Base, Colorado

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: L4WOL                                                   12 August 1964

SUBJECT: Weather Information

TO: PASCOE, Captain De Hoff

In response to request by Captain De Hoff for weather information, the following is submitted. Weather conditions at Colorado Springs, Colorado, 10 August 1964.

Winds Aloft - Denver - 11/0000Z (10/1700Z)
SFC 210/12        20,000 310/13
6,000 300/05      30,000 290/37
1,000 300/10      50,000 290/34
15,000 320/10

Colorado Springs observations:
10/1757M 900 65   099/82/45/512/02/08 ATQDS MOVG SE RWD E AND S
                  SCUD VIRGA ALQDS MOVG SE CLGS VSS

10/1855M 1000 65  100/80/14/232/013/08 SCUD VIRGA ALQDS MOVG SE
                  HR CLGS VSS

Vertical Temperature Gradient - Denver Raob 11/0000Z
DEN 72169 09516   85472 70176 17029 02010
    50593 95395   03117 40764 86583 02329
    20976 80317   09050 25100 P1110 02950
    12610 02111   02048 15829 11/70 03035
    11122 61105   25118

ANGELO C. STELLA
Major, USAF
Chief Forecaster


- page 4 -

TDGO/WG) Quintanilla/Sgens
UFO Sighting, 390 51' 30" N, 104° 52' 30" W, 10 Aug 64     25 Aug 64

MEMO-068
HQ USCONARC Air Base Wing
Ft. Carson, Colorado

1. Reference your letter, Unidentified Flying Objects Report, 20 Jul 64. The NM Film taken by Mr Carl R Blessing has been forwarded to the USAF Cambridge Research Laboratories for analysis and duplication. Please advise the approximate time required to get the original film returned to us. This will take approximately two or three weeks.

2. Also, request you ask the following questions:

3. How the witnesses were able to determine that the objects appeared them without any change in size?

4. Were the two objects which disappeared behind sites that align in all aspects to the main group of objects.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC W. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Systems


- page 5 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

UFO Sighting, 35° 51' 30" N, 106° 52' 30" W, 10 Aug 64     8 Sep 64

MCOIA-03
Hq USAFA Air Base Wing
Hill AFB, Colorado

1. Reference our letter, 25 Aug 64, above subject. The SAM Film taken by the [redacted] has been duplicated by the Visual Company in Chicago and is being forwarded to your office for return to the Blacking.

2. Evaluation of sighting will be made upon receipt of answers to questions asked in our letter of 25 Aug 64.

FOR THE COMMANDER

PAUL J. WYCHERLEY
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

1 Atch
SAM Film
(original)


- page 6 -

AREA CODE 303
TEL 266-3501
EXT. 4700/4711

HEADQUARTERS
4600TH AIR BASE WING AND ENT AIR FORCE BASE
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
ENT AIR FORCE BASE, COLORADO, 80912

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: WCIOM-OB

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting 38°51'30"N, 104°52'30"W,
10 August 1964

TO: FTID (TDZW-Maj Quintanilla)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. Reference your letter, subject as above, dated 26 Aug 64.

2. [Redacted text]
   be returned.

3. The matter of the objects not apparently changing in size
as they approached the observers was discussed at great length
with each of the witnesses at the initial interview. Their
original observations were reaffirmed. The witnesses stated
the objects moved toward them with great speed and as they
approached they changed from a cloudlike appearance to a darker
metallic color. They could neither explain the problem of
the objects not getting any larger nor could they provide any
concrete evidence the objects did in fact approach them other
than they "felt" they did.

4. The two objects which disappeared behind Pikes Peak were
similar to the other objects except they were considerably
darker in color and made definite turning movements.

FOR THE COMMANDER

FRANK J. KELLER
Colonel, USAF
Deputy Commander for
Operations and Maintenance

4 SEP 1964


- page 7 -

Film
Aug. 9, 1964
Colorado Springs, Colorado
Observer
File# 1003661
In Custody of Aero- Western Division


- page 8 -

COLORADO SPRINGS, COLORADO

9 AUG 64 - CASE INCLUDES
one (1) roll 8mm film (SEPARATE
folder) and three (3) 8"x10"
photos and three (3) negatives,
and one (1) MAP


- page 9 -

Text found on the document:

Top of page:
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

Top right:
UNCLASSIFIED

Bottom of page:
UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white document with four vertical shapes that look like bottles or containers, with some diagonal lines at the bottom of the image. The image quality is grainy and appears to be a photographic or xerographic reproduction.


- page 10 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION LABS

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

(The image appears to be a black and white technical diagram or illustration of what looks like four elongated bottle or vessel-like shapes, with some variation in their upper portions)


- page 11 -

8 January 1965.

Dear Bic.

Reference is made to the UFO report which you submitted to the Air Force.

The film you submitted was viewed several times by photo analysis and photo processing personnel. They were unable to define any objects or images which remained obscured in your report.

The film consisted mainly of backyard family sequences. After the family sequence, the film consisted of close-up scenes with sun shining through the halo or an intimate scene in front of the camera. Power and telephone lines are visible at two separate times in these sequences.

Appear to be many the point where the photography was taken and they are in sharp focus. In one sequence with the film, there is a small blurred image passing through the format and is visible for 15 frames. An individual frame-by-frame analysis will not reveal any identifiable imagery beyond a blurred streak. The patch of the blurred image is in focus. The fact that the small image is blurred while the translation lines are in sharp focus indicates that the image-causing object is close to the camera rather than at a significant distance from the camera. The assumption can be reported as 3-20 NM and the assumption that these conditions would limit the distance from the camera to the object to 14 meters is the less conservative in matters.


- page 12 -

Text found on the document:

Top of page:
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

Bottom of page:
UNCLASSIFIED

The rest of the page appears to be a grayscale image/photograph that is somewhat blurry and low contrast, with vertical rectangular shapes visible. Due to the poor image quality, specific details are difficult to discern.


- page 13 -

Text found in the image:

WESTERN UNITED STATES 1:250,000

Visible areas/regions on the map include:
- San Isabel
- Pike
- National Forest
- Various mountain ranges (e.g. Rocky Mountain)

The image appears to be a topographical map of a portion of the western United States, showing geographical features, terrain, and regional boundaries. An "X" mark is visible on the map, though its specific significance is not clear from the image alone.


- page 14 -

The image appears to be a topographical map with the following legible text:

NATIONAL FOREST

PUB (partially visible at top right)

NATI (partially visible at top right)

Some other text is present but mostly illegible due to the low contrast and image quality. The map shows various geographical features, terrain contours, and appears to cover a large area with multiple regions and landmarks.


- page 15 -

PUEBLO

Visible locations on the map include:
- Pikes Peak
- National Forest
- Colorado Springs
- Camp Carson
- Military Reservation

The image appears to be a topographical map of the Pueblo area in Colorado, showing various geographical features, roads, and landmarks. The map is in black and white and appears to be somewhat faded or aged.


- page 16 -

This appears to be a map of the Colorado Springs area and surrounding regions. The map includes various locations marked with text such as "Windmill", "Ranch", and specific place names. The map covers El Paso County and the Colorado Springs area, with numerous grid lines and geographical features. Some visible text locations include "Greenhorn Buttes", "Fountain", and "Pueblo County" at the edges of the map. The map is in black and white and appears to be a topographical or administrative boundary map.


- page 17 -

The image appears to be a map with the identifier "NJ 135" at the top right corner. The map shows a grid of geographical areas, with various place names and grid lines. However, due to the low contrast and faded nature of the scan, many of the specific place names and details are difficult to read clearly. The map seems to cover a region with multiple counties or administrative divisions, but I cannot confidently transcribe all the text due to the image quality.


- page 18 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Scale 1:250,000

CONTOUR INTERVAL 250 FEET
WITH SUPPLEMENTARY CONTOURS AT 150 FOOT INTERVALS
TRANSVERSE MERCATOR PROJECTION

FOR SALE BY U.S. GEOLOGICAL SURVEY, DENVER 2, COLORADO OR WASHINGTON 25, D.C

The image appears to be a topographical map of a region, likely in Colorado, with various geographical features, county lines, and terrain contours marked. The map is black and white and shows numerous geographical details and lines.


- page 19 -

This image appears to be a topographical map centered around Pueblo, Colorado. The map shows various geographical features, roads, and grid lines. Some visible text includes:

PUEBLO (located near the center of the map)
RESERVATION (at the top of the map)

At the bottom of the map, there are scale indicators and a location diagram. The bottom right corner includes text that mentions:
DENVER 2, COLORADO OR WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

The map is in black and white and shows a detailed view of the terrain around Pueblo, with various lines representing roads, geographical boundaries, and topographical features.


- page 20 -

This image appears to be a topographical map of an area near Pueblo, Colorado. The text I can read includes:

At the bottom of the map:
- "PUEBLO COLORADO"

In the bottom left corner, there is a legend area (partially illegible)

At the bottom right, there is a grid showing "SECTIONED TOWNSHIP" with numbered squares

The map shows various geographical features, roads, and grid lines across what seems to be a section of Colorado. There are multiple place names and labels, though many are too small or blurry to read clearly in this image.

The map appears to be from the United States Geological Survey, as indicated by a small notation at the bottom of the map.


- page 21 -

This image appears to be a topographical map of the southwestern United States, specifically covering areas of Colorado, New Mexico, Utah, Arizona, and parts of California and Nevada. 

Legible text includes:
- "LOS ANGELES" at the bottom of the map
- "FOR SALE BY U.S. GEOLOGIC" in the bottom right corner

The map shows numerous mountain ranges, cities, and geographical features, but due to the low contrast and image quality, most of the specific text labels are difficult to read clearly. The map appears to be a detailed geological or topographical reference map.


- page 22 -

Objects will be in focus. If the lens is stopped down to 1.56 down to f/10, hyper-focal distance drops to 1.56 mean. Anything beyond this distance is probably unsharp. Therefore the large camera within it masters of the camera.

Sincerely,

EASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Colorado Springs, Colorado


- page 23 -

This image appears to be a topographical map of a region, likely in California. The map shows various geographical features, cities, and landmarks. Some readable place names include:

- Forest
- Valley View Springs
- Rush
- Windmill

The map is detailed with numerous lines indicating terrain, roads, and boundaries. At the bottom of the page, there are some partially legible text lines and a reference to "LOS AN" (likely Los Angeles), but the full text is not clearly readable due to the image quality.

The map seems to be an official geographical survey or topographical document, with grid lines and coordinate markings visible.


- page 24 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

UFOB Sighting, Colorado Springs, Colorado, 10 Aug 64                4 Jan 55

Hq USAF SAFOI PS (Mrs Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

1. This office is in receipt of a UFO report from the household of [redacted] Avenue, Colorado Springs, Colorado.

2. The following information is provided in order that a suitable reply may be made to:

a. Photo analysis and photo processing personnel viewed the subject film several times. They were unable to define any objects or images which appeared those described in the letter which was submitted to us with the film.

b. The film consisted mainly of backyard, family sequences. After the family sequences, the film consisted of close-up scenes with sun camera. Through the use of an individual framing in frame of the camera. Power and telephone lines are visible at 500 separate times in these sequences. These lines appear to be near the point where the photography was taken and they are in sharp focus. In one sequence with the power lines a small blurred image passes through the foreground and is visible for 15 frames. An individual frame by frame analysis did not reveal any identifiable imagery beyond blurred and indistinct images of this long curve as it crosses the format. The fact that the small image is blurred the transmission lines are in sharp focus indicates that the image causing object is close to the camera rather than at a significant distance from the camera. This statement is based on the reported distance to the objects being photographed and the 5-20 MM and the assumption that the camera is set on infinity. These conditions would limit the distance from the camera to the object to 1/2 meters. Objects will be in focus. If the lens is stopped down to f/16 the near-focal distance will be about 1.50 meters. Beyond this distance, the image causing the object is probably within 1 meter of the camera.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. Le DOUX/CHESTER
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems


- page 25 -

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT
NR: 64-68

PAGE 1 OF 1 PAGES
DATE OF REPORT: 30 December 1964

SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
LOCATION: Colorado Springs, Colorado    DATE: 10 August 1964

PHOTOGRAPHY
AF    IN    QUALITY

FILM: 8 MM Film provided by IDSW

1. PURPOSE: This report answers work order number 64-103 submitted by Major H. Quintanilla, IDSW. The work request contained a reel of 8 MM film purported to contain images of unidentified flying objects.

2. ANALYSIS: Foreign Technology Division photo analysts and photo processing personnel viewed the subject film several times. They were unable to define any objects or images which could be considered as the result of a flying object.

3. The film consisted mainly of backyard, family sequences. After the family sequences, the film showed a close-up with an shading (through the lens of some individual standing in front of the camera). Power and telephone lines are visible at two separate times and they are in sharp focus. In one sequence with the power lines a small blurred image was seen. This did not reveal any identifiable imagery beyond a blurred streak. The path of this image across a 15 second camera length is parallel to the transmission lines are in sharp focus indicating that the image causing object is close to the camera with a significant distance from the camera. This statement on the reported distance to the objects being photographed as 5-20 NM and the assumption that the camera is an infinity focus would indicate the distance from the camera to the object to be 1/16 meters. Based on the lens in focus. If the lens is stopped down to F/16 the hyper-focal distance drops to 1.96 meters; anything beyond this distance will be in focus, within 16 meters of the camera.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:    APPROVED BY:

CHARLES A. BAKER, Captain, USAF    WILLIAM L. TURNER
Photo Interpreter    Captain, USAF
    Chief, Photo Analysis Division

    WILBER PRICE, JR.
    Director, Photo Exploitation Directorate


- page 26 -

ENGINEERING SUPPORT WORK REQUEST

Checkboxes for:
- ENGINEERING ANALYSIS
- PHOTO ANALYSIS
- MACHINE COMPUTATION

PPT NUMBER: 75000c

DESCRIPTION OF WORK: Request analysis as to most likely cause of objects.

REFERENCE MATERIAL: 3 negatives, 3 prints, Best of film and correspondence. Request all materials be returned when completed.

PHONE: 6001516301

The form has sections for:
- Requested By (blank)
- Certification of work authorization
- Priority and deadline
- Engineering support monitor
- Final work form
- Work request approval

The bottom of the form indicates "FTD CCPG 462" with a note that "Previous edition may be used."


- page 27 -

Here is the text from the document:

TEL: 636-1611
EXTN: 4708

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: WGDO0-06

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Report

TO: FJDO
Wright-Patterson AFB
Ohio 45433

HEADQUARTERS
4600TH AIR BASE WING AND 9NT AIR FORCE BASE
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
ENT AIR FORCE BASE, COLORADO

20 August 1964

1. The following unidentified flying object report is submitted in accordance with paragraph 15(3), AFR 200-2.

a. Description of objects:

(1) Shape: The objects were round and somewhat flat in appearance.

(2) Size compared to a known object held in the hand at arm's length: The objects were approximately the size of a grapefruit.

(3) Color: The objects were gray, with at least one object being a darker metallic color.

(4) Number of objects: Reports varied from 15 to 30.

(5) Formation: Objects appeared to move in an organized but unsymmetrical pattern. There were no reports of random movement with the exception that two of the objects descended from the main group and descended to a lower altitude.

(6) Discernible features or details: None

(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust patterns: None

(8) Sound: None

(9) Other pertinent or unusual features: Witnesses reported objects came closer to them but all indicated, when questioned, that objects appeared to remain same size regardless of distance. One witness took pictures of these objects with an 8x5 movie camera. The film is undeveloped and enclosed as Attachment #5.


- page 28 -

b. Description of course of object:

(1) What first called the attention of observers to the objects: Five persons, four adults and one minor, were eating dinner in the backyard of their home. The sky was overcast but just before sunset, the sun came out from behind the clouds and one observer sighted the objects just north of Pikes Peak. He brought the objects to the attention of other witnesses.

(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of objects when first observed: Objects were observed from an elevation of 6000' SEL. They appeared north of Pikes Peak (14,109') SEL with an eight and one-quarter nautical miles away. The objects appeared to be 12 - 15 degrees above the horizon. The objects appeared between the 262 - 272 degree (True) radials of the point of observation. The point of observation is located on the attached map. The objects appeared from a southwest heading of 030 degrees (True). The range was reported just between 5 to 20 nautical miles. The objects were digitized at an attached map in blue, making reflects only the course of the objects and not the distance from observers.

(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of objects upon disappearance: The objects appeared to depart at the same elevation and azimuth. From which, they came, except for the objects which reportedly descended and departed on the same azimuth but at a lower altitude.

(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of objects: The objects appeared from the southwest in more than one group. While objects appeared to travel quite rapidly toward the observers, not in a recognizable formation they appeared to be in an organized pattern. They reversed direction with no noticeable turning movement. Except for the two which descended from the main group. These two made noticeable turns and disappeared behind Pikes Peak. The main group appeared to climb as they disappeared to the southwest.

(5) How did the objects disappear: The main group disappeared instantaneously. Two of the objects disappeared behind Pikes Peak.

(6) How long were the objects visible: Approximately five minutes.

c. Manner of observation:
(1) All sightings were ground visual.
(2) There were no optical aids used.
(3) There were no air-borne sightings.

2


- page 29 -

d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) The sighting took place between 01252 and 01327, 10 August 1964.
(2) Light conditions: Day, approximately one hour prior to sunset.

e. Location of observers: The observers were located at 35° 51' 30"N., 104° 38' 30"W. Their position is depicted on the attached map.

f. Identifying information on observers: NOTE: All observers live in the same household.

(1) Civilian:
(a) Age 45. Address, Colorado Springs, Colorado. Estimate of reliability - good.
(b) Age 45. Occupation, housewife. Estimate of reliability - poor.
(c) Age 13. Address, same as (a) above. Occupation, minor of school age. Estimate of reliability - fair.
(d) Age 22. Address, same as (a) above. Occupation, employed by the City Water Department. Estimate of reliability - good.
(e) Age 18. Address, same as (c) above. Occupation, housewife. Estimate of reliability - poor.

g. Weather, winds and aloft conditions at time and place of sighting: Weather data is enclosed as Attachment #2.

h. Any other unusual activity or condition which might account for the sighting: None.

i. Interception or identification action taken: None.

j. Location of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting: None.

k. Position, title and comments of preparing officer: [This section is blank]


- page 30 -

