Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
Jul 64 - Sep 64

2. LOCATION
Fosterdale, New York

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Misinterpretation of conventional objs.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Singly

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Multiple reports by one observer and his associates of same known or conventional objects.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
N/A

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground visual

7. COURSE
N/A

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.

Handwritten note at bottom: More See Binghamton NY Sightings 24-17


- page 1 -

HEADQUARTERS
26TH AIR DIVISION (SAGE)
United States Air Force
Stewart AFB, New York

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 2601N
SUBJECT: UFO Reports from Mr. [redacted]

TO: 4603 AB Gp (4603DOC-B)

1. Subject UFO reports are returned herewith.

2. This directorate does not have the responsibility of investigating
UFO sightings.

3. UFO investigative responsibilities are assigned to the commander
of the Air Force base nearest the location of the reported UFO sight-
ing (paragraph 3b, AFR 200-2).

FOR THE COMMANDER

BRYCE A. HEDLUND
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Director of Intelligence

14 Aug 64

1 Atch
UFO Reports


- page 2 -

Released Copy/

Base Operations
Stewart Air Force Base
Newburg
New York


- page 3 -

Fosterdale, N.Y.
9 August, 1964

Steward Air Force Base
Newburg, New York
Attn: Major Rosbottom Miscellaneous

Sir:

At this stage, at the conclusion of the two week period I had mentioned previously to the officer on duty Sunday, my name should be fairly familiar. As I had mentioned, I am very much familiar with the procedures involved in evaluating these reports. Actually, regardless of you or anyone else's personal conceptions, I believe that UFO's are as yet, by nature unknown, and I whole heartily support the Air Force position in the subject.

The matter enclosed was presented to me by several witnesses during the period July 25 to August 5. My own reports are also in 'Column 9' form. The witnesses were urged to tell the absolute truth, and eliminate any uncertainties. The enclosed material is the result of my first efforts, and I may stumble across more as the next days pass. I have placed it in chronological order.

In conclusion, I would like you and your associates to view my info. as reliable and accurate. I would be most pleased to hear from you, requesting interviews with witnesses, to act as a spotter, or whatever. I am ready anytime. Just call.

Sincerely,

RHY/LTR.


- page 4 -

Report #1

Submitted by a [redacted], and Narrated by [redacted]

'Column 9'

Date:July 29,1964
Time:Approx.8:30 P.M.
Condition of Sky:Clear
Wind at surface:None
Residence of Witts,Fosterdale,N.Y.
Optical Aids:None

Color of Object:None seen
Speed:Similar to a place, but I know that it wasn't one"(quote)
Course:South by Southwest to North.
Comments on Course:(quote)"It seemed to zigzag slightly.Then it would hover.

QUESTION:Was this very noticeable? ANSWER:Well you could see it right off.QUESTION:Was this repeated ANSWER:Yes, inc...like cycles.QUESTION:Like cycles? How long between each cycle:ANSWER:Not sure.

Witnesses other than describer:None
Shape:Not Defined
Brightness:Positive 4
Size:Head of pin at arm's length.
Comments:Witness explained to me that she thought it was a meteor. I believe this conception to be false. However, the phenomenon seen concerning the course (the erratic maneuvers)is typical to an illusion created by a satellite.


- page 5 -

Submitted by Mrs. [redacted] and Narrated by [redacted]                Report #2

Date:July 31,1964
Time:Approx. 9:00 P.M.
Condition of Sky:Clear
Wind at surface:None
Location of Witt:Fosterdale, N.Y.
Optical Aids:None

Color of Object:None Seen
Speed:Seat
#### Course:Straight-South to East
Comments on Course(altitude 45 degrees)
Other Witnesses:[redacted] (report matches this, but see comments)
[redacted] (See Report #3)
[redacted] (See Report #3)
Mrs. [redacted]

Shape:Not visible
Brightness:Very brilliant
Size:Not sure
Comments:Once again the witness said that she thought that it was a meteor. Her husband however, called it a satellite. Other than this his report is identical to this.

4


- page 6 -

Report #3

Submitted by Mrs. [redacted] and Watched by [redacted]

Date:July 31,1964
Time:Approx 9:05 P.M. or little after
Condition or Sky:Clear
Wind at Surface:Breeze from the West
Residence of Witness:Fosterdale, N.Y.
Optical Alignment:

Color of Object:White
Speed:(no estimate given however,it took approx.5 minutes to transit the sky)
Course:South to North
Comments on Course:Hovered frequently(however,while Mrs. [redacted] stated this [partially illegible])

Other Witnesses:(See report #2)
Shape:Size of a pen at arm's length
[partially redacted]
Brightness:Very Brilliant
Size:(see shape)
Comments:Mr. [redacted] stated that the UFO resembled the satellite "ECHO". A more important factor than this is that they had fairly accurately predicted that it would be seen and the approximate time.Two days before,Wednesday and Thursday,it had been seen on the same course,at the same time,everything exactly the same as was given here.It was some youngsters that had pointed the object out as they were waiting for it. I would call this a very significant factor.However,the two days (Wed. & Thurs.before)lacked the presence of Mr. & Mrs. [redacted]. Instead,the observer was a Mrs. [redacted], a summer resident of Fosterdale,who resides at [redacted], Bronx New York at the season that one is not here.


- page 7 -

Report: 64

Submitted by [redacted] and Transcribed by [redacted]

Date: August 3, 1964

Time: Not sure, but possibly 9:45 p.m.

Condition of Sky: Clear

Wind at Surface: Breeze from the west

Residence of Witt, Fosterdale

Optical Aid: 50 in Binoculars (to no avail-resemblance came through them)

Color of Object: Amber

Speed: Moderate (estimated in terms of an aircraft at that possible height)

Course: West to Northeast

Comments on Course: None (straight course)

Other Witnesses: [redacted]

Shape: Not well defined

Brightness: Fairly Bright

Size: About size of a pin at arm's length

Comments: This object was trailed by a plane, which was quickly closing.

[Additional handwritten note at bottom, partially illegible]


- page 8 -

Report

Submitted by [illegible] and transcribed by [illegible]

Date: August 7, 1964
Time: Approx. 3:30 p.m.
Condition of Sky: Cirrus Clouds
Wind at Surface: East(illegible)
Residence of Mt. Fosterdale, N.Y.
Optical Aid: None

Color: Not Sure
Speed: Moderate
Course: West heading North by Northeast
Comments: None
Other Witnesses: None
Shape: Not Defined
Brightness: Extremely Bright
Size: Pin at arm's length
Comments: No noise heard, as in all the other ones


- page 9 -

Submitted by [redacted] and Transcribed by [redacted]                Report #5

Date:August 7, 1954
Approx time:Not sure, roughly 10:00 PM (6:57)
Condition of Sky:Cirrus Clouds
Wind At Surface (from east)
Res. of Tit.:Fosterdale, N.Y.
Optical Aids:NONE observed

Color:White
Speed:Extremely slow.
Course:West heading, east
Comments on course:hovered irregularly (possible illusion)for about 15 seconds
Other wit:None
Shape:Not well defined
Brightness:Fairly Faint
Size:That of a pin at arm's length
Comments:I phoned the base, and recieved an officer whose name is not known to me, but talked with a extreme southern drawl. No noise heard.

Note: At appropriate in vicinity of observation, the light dimmed. (Lights dimmed)


- page 10 -

Report #7

Submitted by [redacted] and Transcribed by [redacted]

August 8, 1954
Time:9:12 or around then
Condition of Sky:Cumulus clouds with stratus scattered
Wind at Surface:Not remembered
Res. of Dist.:Pasterdale, N.Y.
Optical Aide:None

Color:White or Amber
Speed:12 degrees every 3 seconds
Course:Fast heading Northerly
Comments on Course:None
Other With: [redacted]

Shape:Not distinguished
Brightness:Fairly Bright
Size:2 pin at arm's length
Comments:Phoned the base, and was promised an answer.


- page 11 -

USAF
Request for UFO Information                                29 Sep 64

Hq USAF SAFOI FB
Wash D C 20330

1. Reference the attached letter from [redacted] requesting information on observations made by him in July, August and September. All cases for these three months have been screened and there is no record in the files on Mr Velten having observed a UFO.

2. It will be noted in his letter that the investigating officer remarked that the sightings had no explanation. According to Air Force Regulation 200-2, if investigating officer does not consider the reports of unusual significance they need not be forwarded in accordance with this regulation, since the sightings were undoubtedly had logical explanations.

3. Records indicate previous correspondence from Mr [redacted] in 1963 which revealed that he is President of a club called the Teenage Astronomy of America.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCHEERE                                        1 Atch
Colonel, USAF                                              a/s
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems


- page 12 -

Sir:

As of yet, I have not interviewed all my witnesses. Hope to hear from you soon. Please forgive the informal structure and errors of contents. Limitation on time.

Sincerely,

[Signature and additional text are redacted/blacked out]

At the bottom of the page, there is a handwritten note that appears to read:
Please 8 copy
Question & Me
Telephone
[rest is illegible]

The page is numbered "10" at the bottom.


- page 13 -

HEADQUARTERS
26TH AIR DIVISION (SAGE)
United States Air Force
Stewart AFB, New York

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:   4500N

SUBJECT:   Report of Unidentified Flying Object                   30 Sep 1964

TO:        AFSC (UFD)
           Wright-Patterson AFB
           ATTN: 45423

           Forwarded in accordance with paragraph 13b, AFR 200-2, dated 20 July
           1958, as changed.

           BRUCE A. HEDLUND, Jr.
           Lt. Colonel, USAF
           Director of Intelligence                               1 Atch
                                                                  UFO Report


- page 14 -

August 24, 1964

On this date I had called the air base in advance to announce my intended watch. At approx 9:24 p.m., an object, very, very bright streaked from behind an obscuring tree. It traveled about one degree a second. It was time (3) as bright as a star, and had a fairly straight course for the time observed, which was about 30 seconds( maybe closer to 20).

It made no noise, and bore the unusual characteristics as I observed, which were as follows: "As I watched it, for the first time ever, a strange feeling came over me. It seemed to glisten, not only shine. It was like sunlight glanced off a ruby, only it was a deep orange. It was if a source of light glanced off a shiny, polished substance (without drawing any conclusions)." Here is my account.

"I sat in my chair, facing the south west, and concerned myself for the present as testing my memory with star names. I saw Antares in Scorpio dead ahead, and Astrus in Bootes to my right. Vega in Lyra was almost at my zenith. Then, my attention was drawn to the large maple tree, that obstructs most of Jess, and part of Orb. It was a very bright light. When a star that is very faint is seen through the leaves, it seems very much brighter, so at first I doubted my eyes. But later, only several seconds later, a bright light appeared. First, I peered through my binoculars at the object. It resembled an arrow point (probably an illusion) with the point in the direction that it was heading. In it was traveling from south to west. Then, I watched for 15 seconds without the binocs. Suddenly it occurred to me to be sure that the light was steady. Then it happened. It pulsated. BRIEF, VERY, ALTITUDE LESS in, and as not sure, but think Airman Jameson (2nd. Class) answered. I then resumed watch, which was uneventful.


- page 15 -

SUBJECT:    Report of Unidentified Flying Object

ATTN: (FTD)
AFSC-Patterson AFB
Ohio 45433

Forwarded in accordance with paragraph 135, AFR 200-2, dated 20 July 1962, as changed.

BRUCE A. MEDLUND
LT Colonel, USAF
Director of Intelligence

1 Incl
UFO Report

20 Sep 1964


- page 16 -

4703 Defense Systems Evaluation Squadron
4603 Air Base Group (ADOG)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Stewart Air Force Base, New York

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: Captain Noel                                7 Sep 64

SUBJECT: Investigation of Reports by Mr. Ronald Velcum,
          Fosterdale, N.Y.

1st AUG AB Gp (1650.00)

1. In compliance with Special Order 44-17 (attachment 4) and
A.F. AGO-2, I forwarded to your office on 5 September 1964 a report
of UFO sighting by Mr. [redacted].

2. The following observations were made during my interview
with Mr. [redacted] on 29 August 1964:

    a. Mr. [redacted] is a high school student, residing with his
    parents on a farm at Fosterdale, N.Y. He is 15 years old. I
    estimate that he has a above average intelligence.

    b. He has an interest in observing moving astronomical
    phenomena. He subscribes to two related magazines, "Sky and
    Telescope" and "Saucer News". He states that he is a member
    of the Sky and Telescope Society. "Saucer News" is described by
    him as an "open-minded" magazine.

    c. Mr. [redacted] parents manage a recreation farm for 150
    aged guests of the Worker's Benefit Fund. They appear to be kept
    fully occupied by the guests and only slightly aware of Mr.
    [redacted]'s research.

3. On 5 September 1964, Mr. [redacted] telephoned me. He inquired
    if I would lend USAF prestige in order to secure permission from
    the Board of Directors, Worker's Benefit Fund, to use the farm
    as a UFO observation post. I declined.


- page 17 -

4. We also discussed a bright light in the sky which I had seen while flying earlier the same day (1960). I told him I realized that he was thinking it was the planet Jupiter. Mr. Noll remarked that he was not sure it was the planet Jupiter; however, since he could not positively identify (possibly mine) this light as a true Jupiter, it should be reported to this base as a UFO.

5. I recommend that my report of 3 September 1960, the above information and the attached letter (Attachment 10) be reviewed before future investigative action of reports of UFO's by AFR 200-2. Particular attention should be given to paragraphs 1a and 4a, AFR 200-2.

JACK A. NOLL
Captain, USAF

2 Atch
1. SG M-173
2. Ltr from [redacted]


- page 18 -

4713 Defense Systems Evaluation Squadron
4603 Air Base Group (ADC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Stewart Air Force Base, New York

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: Captain Noel                                   9 Sep 64

SUBJECT: Investigation of Reports by Mr. [redacted]
          Fosterdale, N.Y.

TO: 4603 AB Gp (4603ODC)

1. In compliance with Special Order M-173 (Attachment I) and
AF, 200-2, I forwarded to your office on 3 September 1964 a report
of UFO sighting by Mr. [redacted]

2. The following observations were made during my interview
with Mr. [redacted] on 29 August 1964.

   a. Mr. [redacted] is a high school student, residing with his
   parents on a farm at Fosterdale, N.Y. He is 15 years old, I
   estimate that he has above average intelligence.

   b. He has an interest in observing moving astronomical
   phenomena. He subscribes to two related magazines, "Sky and
   Telescope" and "Saucer News". He states that he is a member
   of the Sky and Telescope Society. "Saucer News" is described by
   him as an "open-minded" magazine.

   c. Mr. [redacted] parents manage a recreation farm for 160
   aged guests of the Worker's Benefit Fund. They appear to be kept
   fully occupied by the guests and only slightly aware of Mr. [redacted]
   UFO research.

3. On 3 September 1964, Mr. [redacted] telephoned me. He inquired
if I would lend USAF prestige in order to secure permission from
the Board of Directors, Worker's Benefit Fund, to use the farm
as an UFO observation post. I declined.


- page 19 -

4. We also discussed a bright light in the sky which I had seen while flying earlier the same day (0600Z). I said that my navigator had remarked that the light was the planet Jupiter. Mr. [redacted] replied that he too thought it was the planet Jupiter; however, since he could not POSITIVELY (Capitals mine) identify the light as the planet Jupiter, it should be reported to this base as a UFO.

5. I recommend that my report of 3 September 1964, the above information and the attached letter (Attachment II) be reviewed before future investigative action of reports of UFO's by Mr. Particular attention should be given to paragraphs 1a and 4a, AFR 200-2.

[Signature]
JACK A. NOEL
Captain, USAF

2 Atch
1. SO M-173
2. Ltr From Mr. [redacted]

2 [page number at bottom of document]


- page 20 -

HEADQUARTERS
4500 AIR BASE GROUP (ADC)
United States Air Force
Stewart Air Force Base, New York 12554

SPECIAL ORDER            26 August 1964
F-173

In accordance with AFR 200-2, para 3a and b, as amended, the following
named officer, Wright Dep Sgt Pvl 3a, ATC, this 4th is appointed investigating officer for the purpose of investigating unidentified flying objects
reported by: New York. Upon completion of investigation, report will be prepared as outlined in para 14, AFR 200-2.

GRADE, NAME, ASST
WADE, ROBERT J., A0328185

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of Eleanor Mahood]
ELEANOR MAHOOD
Capt, USAF
Asst Chief of Admin Services

DISTRIBUTION:
1-Individual
2-Organization
3-303GXR
1-1603CAO-0
5-1603GXP
5-1603GXD

M-173


- page 21 -

"Teenage Astronomers of America"
12 January, 1964

Office of Information
4505 Air Base Group (ADB)
Stewart Air Force Base
New York

Sir:

I, [redacted] as president of my establishment, wish to inform you of our plans for the near future. With very much hope to get a post at Poughkeepsie, N.Y. that declares unidentified flying objects will be a continuing investigation. We can take any report that can be explained as an astronomical or meteorological phenomenon. We have a study area for teens, and I feel that any report in a 50 mile radius can be studied briefly, and we can anticipate the possibility of it being a balloon (by calling the nearest air port to the location of the sighting), and requesting the wind velocities and directions at the required altitudes, atmospheric refractions, possible cause of autochthonals, hoax, or any other star, planets, or heavenly object.

In any case all reporting will be done to written minutes of the reports. We do not seek fame or wealth. The staff that will be involved in this venture (which will be undertaken only with your approval) consists of several mature adults and a handful of teenagers. We think that we can help you and our community, save time and money by our undertaking.

On several occasions, I myself have reported UFO's to you. We ask for no results on any sightings. No member will release any detail of any sightings, no matter how significant it may seem. (CORRECTION)

If we have your favor, we will start filtering on 27 June, 1964. It will be called "Civilian Aerial Phenomena Investigation Corps." We are prepared to face ridicule from the public. All we need is your "OK."

We do not believe in hoaxes. We are all open-minded. Several adults are local teenagers, will always give a conclusive, honest report. No conclusions whatsoever will be drawn. Members will be forbidden to discuss any sightings with the public, unqualified personnel, or themselves. Strict security measures on our part will be taken.

Please review this letter. Our establishment rests in your hands.

Sincerely,
[signature redacted]
Preliminary Director
of CAPIC


- page 22 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

4713 Defense Systems Evaluation Squadron
4603 Air Base Group (MCGO)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Stewart Air Force Base, New York

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: Captain Noel                                     3 Sep 64
SUBJECT: Investigation of Reports by Mr.
          Fosterdale, N.Y.

TO:     4603 AB Gp (460300DC)

1. In compliance with Special Order M-171 (Attachment 1) and
AFR 200-2, I forwarded to your office on 3 September 1964 a report
of UFO sighting by Mr.

2. The following observations were made during my interview
with Mr.        on 28 August 1964:

a. Mr.        is a high school student, residing with his
parents on a farm at Fosterdale, N.Y. He is 15 years old. I
estimate that he has above average intelligence.

b. He has an interest in observing moving astronomical
phenomena. He subscribes to two related magazines, "Sky and
Telescope" and "Saucer News". He states that he is a member
of the Sky and Telescope Society. "Saucer News" is described by
him as an "open-minded" magazine.

c. Mr.        parents manage a recreation farm for 150
aged guests of the Workers Benefit Fund. They appear to be
fully occupied with the guests and only slightly aware of Mr.
UFO research.

3. On 5 September 1964, Mr.        telephoned me. He inquired
if I would lead USAF personnel in order to secure permission from
the Board of Directors, Workers Benefit Fund, to use the farm
as an UFO observation post. I declined.


- page 23 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDBG

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO: HQ USAF BIP-01 3b (Mrs Gaiser)
WASH 25 D C

1. Reference the attached letter requesting information on unidentified flying objects. This letter is forwarded to your office for whatever action you deem necessary.

2. It is noted that Capt Ruppelt is deceased.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
JOHN F. MCNEFF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

1 Atch
Ltr fm
25 Sep 63


- page 24 -

Commanding:
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

Dear Commander:

If it is not asking too much, my association and I were wondering if you might send some Unidentified Flying Object reports other than the Mansell case, those Newhouse, etc. We realize that you are aware that you know (Title 18, Code 792) all information on these photographs are available for our disposal, we would appreciate them greatly.

Please inform us where we might be able to address any mail to

Thank You for your time and Trouble!!

Sincerely Your
President

Date: September 25, 1963


- page 25 -

Text found in the document:

"Texcas Astronomers
of
America"
Fosterdale, N. Y.

TDE

Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio


- page 26 -

October 1, 1963

Dear Mr.

The Base Commander at Andrews Air Force Base has forwarded your letter to us for reply. We are including two brochures on the subject of Air Force Unidentified Aerial Phenomena and stories of several sightings, all of which were thoroughly investigated by the Air Force.

Mr. Edward Ruppelt, the author of a book on unidentified flying objects, is deceased.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Enclosures:

Mr.
President
Teenage Astronomers of America
Fosterdale, N. Y.


- page 27 -

Base Controls Commander
Andrews Air Force Base
Maryland

Dear Sir:

Possibly you might be able to send us Edward Ruppelt's address. If publishable send us any reports that can be released on the subject of Unidentified Flying Objects. Through our research we remember your base as the scene for dozens of U.F.O. reports.

Thank You!!

Sincerely,
[Blackout]
President
Fosterdale, N.Y.


- page 28 -

Project Blue Book Information Center
SAFOI-53 HQ USAF
Room 4G-916
The Pentagon
Washington 25, D.C.

September 11, 1965

To whom it may concern:

Please send me any information possible of the Unidentified Flying Object incidents that are filed under Unknown, preferably such as Edward Ruppelt released in his book "Report on UFO's" Several such incidents, I believe, have been on Radar, mostly during the 1948-52 era. It is this type of material that was will soon obtain.

With many thanks for your time and cooperation !!

Sincerely,
President


- page 29 -

4. We also discussed a bright light in the sky which I had seen while flying earlier the same day (0900Z). I said that my advisor had remarked that the light was the planet Jupiter. Mr. [redacted] rapidly that he too thought it was the planet Jupiter. However, since he could not POSITIVELY (Capitals mine) identify the light as the planet Jupiter, it should be reported to this base as a UFO.

5. I recommend that my report of 3 September 1964, the above information and the attached letter (attached in) be reviewed before future investigative action of reports of UFO's by Mr. [redacted] is undertaken. Particular attention should be given to paragraphs 1 and 4, AFR 200-2.

[Signature]
JACK A. NOEL
Captain, USAF

1. SO MA-173
2. Ltr From Mr. [redacted]


- page 30 -

HEADQUARTERS
STEWART AIR FORCE BASE AND AIR BASE GROUP (ADC)
STEWART AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK 12554

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 4633ODC                                                                   24 September 1964

SUBJECT: Reports of Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: 26 Air Div (260N)

1.   Reference AFR 200-2, paragraph 3a and b, attached are reports of investigation relative to UFOs as submitted by Mr. [redacted] of Fosterdale, New York, for your information and any action deemed necessary.

2.   Officer appointed to investigate subject reports was Captain Jack A Noel, A0302186, 4713th Det Sys Eval Sq, Stewart AFB, New York.

3.   Comments on the findings and conclusions of the investigating officer are as follows:

    a.   Reference attachment 1, UFO Report, 3 Sep 64 with 3 attachments: Agree with the comments of the investigating officer.

    b.   Reference attachment 2, UFO Reports, 3 Sep 64 with 2 attachments: Agree with investigating officer's recommendation as stated in paragraph 5.

4.   In view of the obvious interest and persistence displayed by Mr. [redacted] and his group in reporting as UFO any and all flying objects not readily and positively identifiable, recommend attached reports and any future reports from Mr. [redacted], be processed in accordance with paragraph 6d and 3, AFR 200-2.

FOR THE COMMANDER

SAMUEL A STEERE, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Director of Operations

2 Atchs
a/s


- page 31 -

4713 Defense Systems Evaluation Squadron
4603 Air Base Group (ADC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Stewart Air Force Base, New York

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: Captain Noel/Ext 410

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Report                3 Sep 64

TO: 4503 AB Gp (4603ODC)

1. This report is concerned with sightings of UFO's made by Mr. [redacted], Fosterdale, New York.

2. Sighting by Mr. [redacted] contained in Attachment I have been identified as Echo I and Echo II. Attachment II received from Mr. [redacted] contains two newspaper clipping which are, in my opinion, self-explanatory and do not require investigative or reporting action.

3. The following is a report of investigation of a UFO observed by Mr. [redacted] on 24 August 1964, in accordance with AFR 200-2 (Attachment III):

a. Description of object:
   (1) Shape: Like an arrowhead.
   (2) Size: Pea at arm's length.
   (3) Color: White.
   (4) Number: One.
   (5) Formation: None.
   (6) Discernible features: None.
   (7) Tail, trail, or exhaust: None.
   (8) Sound: None.
   (9) Other pertinent features: None.


- page 32 -

b. Description of course of object:
(1) Bright light first noticed.
(2) 30-40 angle of elevation, height - unknown, azimuth relative to observer - 0 degrees.
(3) Angle or deviation and azimuth - unknown.
(4) Flight path - Fairly straight, South to West.
(5) Object disappeared instantaneously to the West.
(6) Visible for 20-30 seconds.

c. Manner of observation:
(1) Ground - visual.
(2) 50 MM Binoculars used.
(3) N/A.

d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) 25/0124Z.
(2) Light conditions: Night.

e. Location of observer: 41°42' N 74°56' W

f. Identity of observer:
(1) [Redacted], Fosterdale, N. Y.
(2) Occupation: High School Student.
(3) Age: 15 years.
(4) Estimate of reliability: Fair.

2


- page 33 -

g. Weather and winds aloft:
(1) Observer's account: Clear, winds calm.

(2) Winds:
    (a) Surface: Calm, 65° F
    (b) 6,000 feet MSL 250° 30K increasing to 250° 135K at 33,000 feet MSL.

(3) Ceiling: Clear.
(4) Visibility: 15 miles.
(5) Amount of cloud cover: None.
(6) Thunderstorms: None.

(7) Vertical temperature gradient (Degrees Centigrade):
3M plus 14, 5M plus 11, 8M plus 4, 10M plus 5, 15M minus 8,
20M minus 14, 30M minus 36, 35M minus 46, 40M minus 59,
45M minus 61, 50M minus 62.

h. Unusual activity: None.

i. Identification action:
(1) Consulted aeronautical publications.
(2) Obtained meteorological data from AWS.
(3) Contacted Space Detection and Tracking Center, Colorado Springs, Colorado.

j. Air traffic:
(1) Satellite Echo I transiting area from West to East at approximately 0130Z, 25 August 1964.
(2) Low, intermediate and high altitude airways over area.

3


- page 34 -

(3) Low altitude refueling entry exit points, orbit points, rendezvous points and refueling tracks in subject area.

(4) No known weather ballons were in area.

k. Comments of Investigating Officer:

(1) The description of the unidentified flying object as given by Mr. [redacted] resembles very closely to meteors that I have witnessed. The lack of a trail or exhaust and Mr. [redacted] observance of the object flickering just before disappearing is also characteristic of a meteor burning out in the atmosphere.

(2) The course of the object, and its speed would rule out the possibility of it being a satellite, ballon, aircraft, or object dropped from an aircraft.

(3) When discussing the sighting with Mr. [redacted], he declined to attempt to identify it. He feels that if he cannot positively identify an object he should report the sighting as an unidentified flying object.

(4) My conclusion based on the information above is that the object was a meteor.

JACK A. NOEL
Captain, USAF

3 Atch
1. Rept of UFO's
2. Newspaper Clippings
3. Rept of UFO


- page 35 -

