PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
26 Apr 64

2. LOCATION
LaMadera, New Mexico

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local    26/0830z
GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual   ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual      ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not reported

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
stationary

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Witness reported seeing an obj emitting flames. Police called to investigate. No noise. Obj stationary. Light suddenly went out. Then publicity following Secorb sighting. Witness had been drinking heavily.

11. COMMENTS
Area where light was emitted was used as a dumping area. Burned spot at this location.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other (in Dump)
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

NEW MEXICO MAN SAYS HE SIGHTED FLYING OBJECT

A sighting of an unidentified flying object was discovered were "near a mountain lion", according to a mountain rancher, marking, character, and other details of seeing the object.

Photos Mailed
The associate director of Extraterrestrial Intelligence of same object "were mailed today to the Air Force base intelligence officer.

The photos were taken by a rancher who said he saw the object Friday when it appeared to hover near his ranch house.

A second set of photos were mailed to the USAF base intelligence officer.

The photos were taken near La Madera, N.M.

(Continued on Page 2)

[The rest of the text is partially cut off or difficult to read in full, but appears to be a newspaper-style article about a UFO sighting in New Mexico.]


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SOCORRO - Dr. J. Allen

LA MADERA, April 27 - A Santa Fe resident returning from Washington, D.C., Sunday near La Madera, northwest of Espanola.

[The rest of the text is partially legible, with some words and sections difficult to read clearly. The document appears to be a newspaper or report page discussing a UFO sighting or investigation in Socorro, New Mexico, with mentions of Air Force Base and police reports. However, due to the image quality, not all text can be confidently transcribed.]


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SOURCE: ALBUQUERQUE, JOURNAL
DATE: 23 APR 64

SANTA FE (UPI) -- New Mexico's territorial auditor to flying saucers is taking a more "objective" look at police over the weekend.

The latest, which might put the Air Force and FBI, was quoted as saying definite conclusions cannot be drawn from the incidents at La Madera.

An Edgewood man told 16 State Police he and two other men sighted a "flying saucer" Friday night near here.

Clearing up the report, State Police Capt. Manuel Zamora, who said he spoke to one of the witnesses, said Saturday the object was a "round, silvery thing" about 100 feet in diameter.

Similar reports came from Socorro, an Air Force base near here, and from other areas recently.

The object was sighted by an Edgewood man and two companions Friday night near the town. The man said the object was round, silvery and about 100 feet in diameter.

Capt. Zamora said the object was hovering over a mountain and then disappeared over a nearby ridge.

The latest incident was reported to the Air Force and FBI, which brought in the territorial auditor to look over the weekend incidents.

The incidents were reported from various locations including La Madera, Socorro, and other areas in New Mexico.

The object reportedly hovered and then disappeared quickly.


- page 4 -

The only text I can clearly see on this page is "25 APR." at the top left of the document. The rest of the page appears to be mostly blank or too faint/illegible to read.


- page 5 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank or nearly blank document page with some minor specks and artifacts, but no readable text is present.


- page 6 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDX

SUBJECT: Extract from OD Report dated 27 Apr 64

28 Apr 64

TO: TDE (Capt Quintanilla)

The following, extracted from Maj Weaver's OD Report dated 27 Apr 64, is quoted for your information:

"AFSC Command Post called at 1645 relaying a UFO report as follows:
At approximately 0130 local time near Espanola, N.M. on 26 April a Ranger's son observed an object emitting flames and noise. His father sent him back to bed. The next morning the Ranger and his son investigated the area near where the object was sighted. The grass was burned and still smoldering and there were footprints in the vicinity. They notified the state police and Kirtland AFB. The prints were similar to those reported on the 25th April at Socorro, N.M. Personnel from Kirtland are at the site now."

[Signed]
JOHN C. McNEILL
Major, USAF
Administrative Officer


- page 7 -

Information Only
Source: The UFO Reporter, Summer, 1964

La Madera, New Mexico
26 April, 1964

ZAMORA-LIKE OBJECT SEEN

La Madera, New Mexico, April 26 - Orlando Gallegos, 35, of Santa Fe, reportedly was witness to an ellipsoidal object similar in description to the one observed by Socorro policeman, Lonnie Zamora, in the vicinity of his father's home north of La Madera.

While occupied in the activity of chasing away stray horses, he noted an unusual craft resting upon the ground in a gravel area some 200 feet distant. The UFO was reported to be the length of a telephone pole, with a circumference of 14 feet. Rings of blue flame emitted from jets about its underside.

It attempting to persuade his family to come out and observe the craft, he was particularly unsuccessful, for they were too frightened to accompany him. The next morning, however, they all examined the landing area, noticing the ground to be still fumy from the previous night.

State Police Captain Martin Virgin, upon checking the charred area, noticed that the rocks present within the center of the landing site were cracked, and a bottle nearby had melted. Green brush in the surrounding area had been set afire, evidently from intense heat. Four depressions and unusual "paw-prints," resembling those of a Mountain Lion, were also seen.

The Air Force, although having sent investigators into this area, has thus far remained silent on their findings, if any.

- - -


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

made of a shiny metallic sub-
stance, had no windows, and was as
long as a telephone pole and about
14 feet in circumference. It was
egg-shaped and resembled a large
butane tank.

The next morning, feel-
ing braver in the daylight, the
family went out to take a look.
The UFO was gone, though the
ground was still smoldering! Local
police were notified, and found a
large charred area, strange marks
in the ground resembling paw
prints, and depressions similar to
those found at Socorro. As a mat-
ter of fact, it is reliably re-
ported that the ground was still
smoldering twenty hours after the
sighting! The charred area, seen
and many other people, was about 20 feet in diameter. Large rocks within the
area showed evidence of extreme heat, while others a few feet away were not
damaged at all. Even pieces of glass and metal were found melted and fused. A
police officer ventured the opinion that no fuel presumably known to mankind
would leave the sort of traces found at La Madera. He also felt that the evi-
dence indicated an extreme heat of short duration. We do not yet know what
conclusions, if any, were formulated by the Air Force.


- page 9 -

THE SECOND NEW MEXICO LANDING: Another sensational saucer landing occurred near the town of La Madera, New Mexico, within hours of the Socorro incident. At about 12:30 a.m. Orlando Gallegos, who was visiting his father's home there, went outside to chase away some horses. It was then that he saw a strange craft of some sort sitting on the ground in a gravel area. He was about 200 feet from it, and was afraid to get any closer. When Gallegos first sighted the UFO, there was a ring of blue flame erupting from numerous jets around the bottom of the craft. He heard no noise, and as he watched, the flames were turned off. Gallegos did not see anyone or anything moving around outside the UFO.

He returned to his father's house and told the family about the incident, but apparently they were all too frightened to go outside to take a look. Gallegos' wife later described him as looking "badly shaken." He returned twice more, alone, to gaze in amazement at the object. He said that it was


- page 10 -

ALBUQUERQUE JOURNAL     UNITED STATES NEW MEXICO
24 APR 64                24 APR 64

SANTA FE (UPI) - New Mexico's perennial "flying saucer" hold of the state with more "objects" appeared to police over the weekend.

The latest, which brought out the Air Force and the FBI, was spotted early Sunday morning at about 50 miles northwest of Santa Fe. Santa Pol, said Martin Vigil, definitely saw something. Orlando Gallegos of Santa Fe also said he saw within 200 yards of a highway a silver object, which apparently landed.

Vigil said he saw the object from his ranch near Cundiyo, as long as a pole barn and as bright as a searchlight. He said the object was as long as a pole barn and as bright as a searchlight.

Similar reports came from other quarters. Saturday night, two ranchers reported seeing a "silver missile" near Truchas.

Micropolis, said he saw a "silver object" which appeared over a mountain in the Caliente Reservoir area.

In both the Socorro and the La Madera reports, the ground in the areas where the objects were reported to have landed was reportedly hot.

"They parked," like a mountain lion, "just waiting" -- four impressions were seen in the dirt.

The recent sightings, which have been reported in New Mexico, are being investigated by various authorities.


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some parts of the text are partially illegible or cut off at the edges, so I will transcribe what is clearly readable]

[Left Column - Partially Legible]
(First few lines are mostly illegible)
... A Hoyningen and was told that...
... the witness said how they...
... were near Lowell Elm...

Young Sharon Staff on...
100 Millions of miles to be...
with said Police, G. C. C...
object was round and was...
three down and then some...
then left.

Jolly said the girl's...
object but refused to be...
and said she was not...
treated by a physic...
Some about the object...
to be believed Sharon "saw"...
thing and a learned...
man was not sure...

[Center Column - Mostly Illegible]
(Large portions of text are not clearly readable)

[Right Column]
An unidentified girl, about 16, told Socorro officer Bill Forsyth that she was in her father's car near the city limits where city officer Lonnie Zamora, first reported seeing the "egg-shaped object" by way of the draw. She said she went from the fire when she spotted something in the canyon. See then left to report it.

[Bottom of Page - Partial Text]
... Journal ...
Continued From ...

[Text becomes increasingly illegible towards bottom of page]

The document appears to be a page from a UFO report, with references to an incident involving an object and a young girl named Sharon, with some details about a sighting in Socorro, New Mexico.


- page 12 -

