1. DATE - TIME PROP
31 October '64 (01 Nov)

2. LOCATION
Fosterdale, New York

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
See Photo analysis. Unable to determine on limited data presented. Find shows 11th track against night background. Could be star, satellite, a/c, etc. Two of the photos appear to be timed exposure

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Three Prints

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Photos Not Reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE

8. PHOTOS
X Yes
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
No
ZONE

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE FILE

FORM
FTD SEP 69 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the poor quality and low contrast of the scanned document. There appears to be a white or light-colored object in the bottom right portion of the image, but the details are not clear enough to describe with certainty.


- page 2 -

31 October 1964

at Fosterdale, New York

by [redacted]

(no address given)

Evaluation - insufficient data


- page 3 -

Text found in the document:

Top left: FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION AFSC
Top right: UNCLASSIFIED
Bottom: UNCLASSIFIED

The rest of the document appears to be a very low-quality, grainy black and white scan that is largely illegible.


- page 4 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The rest of the document appears to be illegible due to poor image quality and heavy graininess.


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

266

ASTRONOMY
Science News Letter for October 24, 1964

Bright Winter Stars Appear
Two planets, Jupiter and Saturn, brighten the November evening skies, while later in the night two others appear, Mars soon after midnight and Venus just before dawn.

By JAMES STOKLEY

IF YOU LOOK toward the eastern sky
on an evening in November—and think that
you see nothing but a few scattered stars in
a region studded with brilliant orbs is now
coming into view. And now its brilliance is
enhanced by the presence of a very bright
planet—one of two visible close late autumn
evenings.

This is the part of the sky that is so
glorious in the south on evenings of midwinter. The accompanying maps show how
the sky looks about 10:00 p.m., your own
standard time, on Nov. 1; an hour
earlier at the middle of the month and two
hours earlier at the end.

Brightest of all is the planet Jupiter, close
to the border between the constellations of
Aries, the ram, and taurus, the bull. Jupiter
is high in the southeast, and now of magnificent brightness. At the end of November, its
star brightness on Nov. 13 the earth and
Jupiter will be in the same direction from
the sun and closest—only 3725 million miles
apart.

Jupiter Below Taurus

Just below Jupiter in Taurus, with the
bright and redfish star Aldebaran. This is
the constellation of Taurus, which contains
most brilliant stars, even though it is about
a 20th as bright as Jupiter. Part of Taurus
extends to the left, onto the map of the
northern half of the sky. And just beyond
is Auriga, the charioteer, with another first
magnitude star: Capella.

On the winter star map (lower map), not
as prominent as the constellation will be
on winter evening because it is so near the
horizon. Between the stars Betelgeuse and
Rigel are the three stars that form Orion's
belt. To the left of Orion is the constellation Gemini, but Pollux, the brightest star in the constellation, is
still below the horizon at the times for
which these maps are drawn.

Over in the south stands Saturn, the other
planet of November evening. At midmonth, Saturn is about 600 million miles away.
Now in the constellation of Aquarius, the
water carrier, its magnitude is plus one.

Just below Aquarius is the star called
Fomalhaut, in Pisces' Aquarius, the southern
fish. Fomalhaut is a first magnitude star.
However, like Betelgeuse, its magnitude
and the consequent absorption for its light
by earth's atmosphere cause considerable
diminution in its brightness, and it is
therefore shown only as second magnitude.
Fomalhaut is now nearly at its highest in
Northern Hemisphere. From the Southern

which the sun, moon and planets seem to
move during the year. In addition to Pisces,
of the constellations now visible, the zodiac
includes Aries, Taurus, Gemini, Cancer
and Capricornus.

The zodiac is a belt extending eight degrees (about equal to the distance from
Aldebaran to the star just above the letter
A in the word Aquarius on the star map)
in the direction in which the ecliptic, the
path of the sun, seems to move slowly
through the sky during the year, from west to east. But really the earth
moves around the sun and the ecliptic (so
called because eclipses of the sun and moon
occur along it) is the path of the earth's
tangent sky or plane of the earth's orbit.
As we review around the sun, we see it
in a changing direction during a year.

Celestial Equator

Another important imaginary line in the
sky is the celestial equator, which is directly
over the earth's equator. It passes through
Orion, Cetus, Pisces, the northern part of
Aquarius and Aquila, among other constellations. One of the two places where the
ecliptic crosses the equator is in Pisces. It is
called the vernal equinox, and it is the
position of the sun Mar. 21, the usual beginning of spring in the Northern Hemisphere. (A small circle is drawn on the
position on our southern sky map.)

The vernal equinox is also important because astronomers measure positions in the
sky from it. Here on earth we give the

[Two star maps are included in the document, which are not transcribed as per the OCR instructions]

Symbols for stars in order of brightness are also shown at the bottom of the page.


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FIELDS
BIOCHEMISTRY
Fatty Acids on Meteorites Need Not Mean Life

LIFE IN OUTER SPACE is not necessarily the only reason for the straight-chain fatty acids found on meteorites, scientists believe that the fatty acids and straight-chain hydrocarbon on certain meteorites are the only observed nature of linear hydrocarbons.

However, C. B. Johnson and A. T. Wilcoxon, of Victoria University, Wellington, New Zealand, who have produced similar straight-chain fatty acids in the laboratory, suggest that these acids may place a non-biological way of producing these hydrocarbons.

Their method involves clouding the chains of hydrocarbon molecules onto a surface at high temperatures and chemical reactions. Methyl radicals attach themselves to the ends of the chains. This way there can be no "branching off," and only straight molecular chains develop.

OCEANOGRAPHY
Mesosceph Sub Seeks Gulf Stream Mysteries

THE ROLLS ROYCE of the sea, the smooth-lined mesoscaph submarine designed by Dr. Jacques Picard, may soon be carrying out its first effort to fathom Gulf Stream mysteries.

With improved methods for keeping the 93.5-foot ship steady at constant depths and with greater maneuverability than conventional research vessels, the mesoscaph has been proving its capabilities this summer at the Swiss National Fair at Lausanne, Switzerland.

Working around the sea, "like a Greyhound bus works on the highway," the metal-hulled mesoscaph has been taking measurements from the surface down to depths of 40 passengers, each with an individual plexiglass window and searchlight.

Named the "Auguste Picard" in memory of his father, the mesoscaph is designed to work at depths to 6,500 feet.

MEDICINE
Curb Cystic Fibrosis If Carriers Not Marry

THE ONLY KNOWN WAY to prevent cystic fibrosis in children is for carriers to avoid marriage, Dr. Guido Fanconi, the Swiss pediatrician who discovered and first described the disease in 1936, said in New York. First, as test must be perfected for carriers, Dr. Fanconi said in Bethesda, Md., and several researchers are at work on such a test. A sweat test is used for cystic fibrosis patients, but this does not work on carriers who themselves do not have the disease.

One in 20 persons is now believed to be a carrier, and about one in 1,000 children, especially in civilized countries, is born with the disorder.

Dr. Fanconi described cystic fibrosis in 1936 as a glandular causing cysts on the pancreas, a gland behind the stomach that secretes insulin and is concerned with digestion. However, the disease affects a number of organs.

PHYSICS
World Adopts New Standard of Time

AN ATOMIC DEFINITION of the second, replacing the astronomical definition, was authorized at 1725 Paris time, October 6, by the 12th General Conference of Weights and Measures meeting in Paris.

The new definition, based on quantum and Measures, acting for the conference, empowers basic time definition of the international unit of time, the second, on an invariant transition of the cesium atom in expectation of a more exact definition in the future.

The action taken increases the accuracy of time measurements to a part in one hundred billion, an accuracy two hundred times greater than the formerly achieved by astronomical means.

These measurements, moreover, can be accurately determined in a few minutes, as compared to the many years required to achieve an accuracy only once hundred as good by astronomical means.

SPACE
Satellite Tracker Keeps Sky Vigil

A 15-STORY-HIGH white dome located just off the New Jersey Turnpike contains an 84-foot radar "dish" that is the heart of the only full-time satellite tracking station in the world.

Originally, it was part of BMEWS, the Ballistic Missile Early Warning System, with similar installations at Thule, Greenland, and Yorkshire, England.

Now it is part of the Space Detection and Track System. An part of SPADATS, the antenna keeps a close watch on all the man-made objects in the sky, both Western and Communist, tracking more than 470 satellites, working and otherwise, currently in the skies, are automatically sent to SPADATS at Air Defense Command headquarters in Colorado Springs, Colo.

An electronic computer knows what objects are supposed to be in orbit and where. The antenna is sensitive enough to track Venus, and SPADATS has been collecting the precise location of Venus, and some other space objects.

The antenna, sensitive enough to track a new satellite in the precise location of the "gravity-free" points known to exist between the planets. These areas could be collection points for the space debris left over from the world's satellites.


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

position of a place by its latitude and longitude. Latitude is measured in degrees of arc (360 to the complete circle) north or south of the equator. Corresponding to it in the sky is destination, measured in degrees north or south from the celestial equator.

Longitude on earth is measured east or west of the meridian of Greenwich, which is the line extending from pole to pole through Greenwich, England, where the Royal Observatory is located.

The verbal equation is the Greenwich of the sky. Astronomers measure right ascension, which is the celestial equivalent of terrestrial longitude.

Also the verbal equation is important to navigators of ships and airplanes, but they still use the first point of Aries, seen surprisingly, since the constellation of Aries, the ram, is now distant away. But there is a slow movement in the sky, which takes nearly 26,000 years to complete, called "precession" of the equinoxes. During this cycle the equinoxes slip completely around the sky.

Thus the vernal equinox is now in Pisces, but several thousand years ago it was in Aries.

Celestial Timetable for November

NOV. EST
2 9:20 p.m. Algol (variable star in Perseus) at minimum brightness
4 2:17 a.m. New moon
5 early a.m. Meteors visible, apparently radiating from constellation of Taurus
6:10 p.m. Algol at minimum
8 5:00 p.m. Moon rises, distance 223,900 miles
13 9:00 p.m. Moon passes south of Saturn
13 5:00 p.m. Jupiter opposite and 323,000,000 miles
16 early a.m. Meteors visible, apparently radiating from constellation of Leo
19 11:00 p.m. Full moon
19 10:43 a.m. Full moon
20 7:00 p.m. Moon nearest distance 223,500 miles
23 11:00 p.m. Algol at minimum
25 7:50 p.m. Moon in last quarter
25 early a.m. Moon passes north of Mars
30 11:00 p.m. Moon passes north of Venus

Subtract one hour for CST, two hours for MST, and three hours for PST.
Science News Letter, October 24, 1964


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Top section - appears to be a scientific or academic text with multiple paragraphs, partially cut off]

Nature Note
Rosary Pea

BEWARE of a bright red pea bearing a jet black cap. It looks beautiful, but it is deadly poison.

The bright shiny shells of the rosary or rosary pea, also known as crabs-eye, hide the deadly poison abrin, one of the most potent toxic poisons known. Once the pea is chewed and swallowed, the abrin slowly spreads and causes nausea, vomiting, weakness, trembling and sometimes death.

A single pea when chewed thoroughly can release enough poison to kill an adult. From two to four ounces of seeds can be fatal to a horse. Cattle, goats and dogs are more resistant to the lethal effects. The toxic

[Bottom of text is cut off]

Science News Letter, 86:248 October 24, 1964


- page 9 -

UFO DATA SHEET

Page one

"This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give as much information as possible concerning the "Unidentified Flying Object" that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication, as without your permission.

Thank you very much for your cooperation in this matter.

Investigator: National Investigation Committee on Aerial Phenomena
Raymond E. Fowler
13 Priscnd Court
Wenham, Massachusetts

1. When did you see the object?    1    October    1964
   DAY    MONTH    YEAR

2. Time of day:    12    50    
   (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern    (Circle One): a. Daylight
                b. Central             Saving Time
                c. Mountain            b. Standard
                d. Pacific             Time
                e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
   100 Endicott Street,    Danvers,    Massachusetts
   Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or Country

   Additional remarks: Sylvania Electric Products parking lot

5. Estimate how long you saw the object.    HOURS    MINUTES    SECONDS

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
    a. Certain    c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   (Circle One): a. Bright daylight    d. Just a trace of daylight
                b. Dull daylight    e. No trace of daylight
                c. Bright twilight    f. Don't remember

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    a. In front of you    c. To your right    e. Overhead
    b. In back of you    d. To your left    f. Don't remember


- page 10 -

Page 2

8. If you saw the Object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice
concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (circle one):   a. None
                           b. A Few
                           c. Many
                           d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (circle one):    a. Bright moonlight
                           b. Dull moonlight
                           c. No moonlight-dark
                           d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle one):   a. YES     b. NO     c. DON'T REMEMBER

10. If it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that
of an automobile headlight appearing so far? (CIRCLE ONE BELOW)
    a. A mile or more away?
    b. Several blocks away?
    c. A block away?
    d. Several yards away?
    e. Other?

11. Did the object:                                (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?           YES   NO   DON'T KNOW
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES   NO   DON'T KNOW
    c. Break up into parts or explode?              YES   NO   DON'T KNOW
    d. Give off smoke?                              YES   NO   DON'T KNOW
    e. Change brightness?                           YES   NO   DON'T KNOW
    f. Change shape?                                YES   NO   DON'T KNOW
    g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?                  YES   NO   DON'T KNOW

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One):   YES   NO   DON'T KNOW   If you answered yes, then
    tell what it moved behind: ____________________

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly
    a cloud?   YES   NO   DON'T KNOW   (Circle One)
    If you answered yes, then tell what it moved in front of:
    Cumulus cloud (base of cloud = 2500 Feet per U.S. Weather Bureau
    at Boston, Massachusetts

14. Did the object appear?(Circle One):   SOLID   TRANSPARENT   DON'T KNOW

15. Did you observe the object:
    a. Eyeglasses   YES   NO
    b. Sun glasses  YES   NO
    c. Windshield   YES   NO

    through any of the following?
    d. Window glass   YES   NO
    e. Binoculars     YES   NO
    f. Telescope      YES   NO

    g. Other. Also saw
    it from outside


- page 11 -

UNCLASSIFIED

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT
NR 65-16

PAGE 1 OF 2 PAGES
DATE OF REPORT 20 April 65

SUBJECT Unidentified Flying Object
LOCATION                                                                 DATE

PHOTOGRAPHY
AF                                                 IR                                                 QUALITY
PMRS One print and two transparencies provided by TDEM

1. PURPOSE: This report answers Work Order 65-4 from Major H. Quintanilla Jr. (TDEM) to analyze the images on two negatives (transparencies) and one print which were submitted by his office.

2. ANALYSIS: Mr. Charles Chapin and Mr. Larry W. Guenther, both from TDDPP, assisted in this analysis. The two transparencies are numbered 7 and 8.

3. The two negatives (transparencies) and the one print, which was produced from a negative, probably were exposed at night time or in a dark room. This is indicated by no border on the two transparencies. It is not possible to determine if the camera was stationary or moving at the time the film was exposed. The number 8 transparency has many tiny points of high density and appears to possibly be a timed exposure of the sky, with tracks of possible stars showing up as lines. Some of these lines are chopped and some are not. This may indicate that the number 8 transparency could be a reflection of some sort i.e., internal lens reflection, or reflection from a shiny object.

4. The number 7 transparency has similar lines as the number 8 transparency. These lines go in the same direction on the number 7 transparency and are oriented approximately 45 degrees from the lines on the number 8 transparency.

5. The lines on the paper print seem to go in two directions, approximately 45 degrees apart. The long narrow image on the paper print may have been caused by an object such as a brush hair or a star or satellite trace. The back side of the paper print has a few words written on it. One of these words is Pegasus. Pegasus can be one of two things, either a recent notebook which the U.S. has named into space called Pegasus, or a northern constellation near the vernal equinoctial point, also named Pegasus.

6. The film could have been exposed through porous material or black paper, thus causing the molded effect. This effect could also be caused by bad film or bad processing.

UNCLASSIFIED
ATIC FORM 132


- page 12 -

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. SOUND None (However, I was inside car when object was closest me)
b. COLOR Black

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label a. include in your sketch a way details of the object you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially exhaust trails or vapour trails. Place a. arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred   e. Other
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, add put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

Page 3 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 13 -

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion, the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end, and of the path, show a y of changes in direction during the course.

[A hand-drawn diagram shows a curved arrow from point A to point B, with a small circular object at the end]

21. If POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
    25 * Feet.
    From calculations based on known and assumed data, Diameter = 24'

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects "held" i.e. the hand at about arm's length?
(Circle One):  a. Head of a pin    g. Silver dollar
               b. Pea             h. Baseball
               c. Dime            i. Grapefruit
               d. Nickel          j. Basketball
               e. Quarter         k. Other
               f. Half-dollar                 About 3/16" in
                                   diameter at arm's length

22.1 CIRCLE ONE of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.
     a. Certain                   c. Not very sure
     b. Fairly certain            d. Uncertain
                                   i.e. not less 1/3"
                                   not more 1/4"

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?  Receded and disappeared against the sky while still above the horizon

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to construct the object that you saw. Of what type MATERIAL would you say, LARGE would it be, a d what SHAPE would it have? Describe i.e. your own words a come, object or objects which you placed in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

1. Metal
2. About 24-25 feet in longest dimension
3. Elliptical
4. Phonograph record seen at an angle


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

25. Where were you located when you
saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other ________________

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of city?
b. In the residential section of
a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near a airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other over open field

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you
had just viewed the passage of a Jet Airliner

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then
complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One):
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour

28.3 Did you stop at any time while observing object?
(Circle One):     YES     NO

29. What direction were you looking when you FIRST SAW the object? (Circle
One):
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you LAST SAW the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms(a. gular direction), try to
estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and
also the the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation)

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 190° degrees
b. From horizon 30° degrees

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 130° degrees
b. From horizon 10° degrees


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place a. "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon. (skyline) when you first saw it. Place "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon. (skyline) when you LAST saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place a. "A" at the position the object was when you FIRST saw it, and a "B" at its position when you LAST saw it. (Refer to smaller sketch as a example of "how" to complete the larger sketch.)

33.1 Were there a y KNOWN aircraft in the sky during your sighting?
(circle One):     YES [X] Jet airliner passed over 1 minute
If you answered YES, was it (circle ONE): a. Settled to intercept, b. flying Object? (Circle One):   YES   NO

if you answered YES, please circle TYPE of aircraft:
MILITARY?       COMMERCIAL     PRIVATE? JET?     PROPELLER?
How many engines did the aircraft have: _______


- page 16 -

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS(Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND(Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER(Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE(Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Official or Organization Name(s)    Day    Month    Year
[Blank lines for filling in details]

36. Have you read literature pertaining to Unidentified Flying Objects?
(Circle One) YES NO    If YES, how much? (Circle One) A LITTLE? MODERATELY? EXTENSIVELY?

37. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
37.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) YES NO
37.2 Please list their names and addresses if you circled YES:
(Attach separate sheet for above)

38. Was this the first time that you had seen an object(s) like this?
(Circle One) YES NO
38.1 If you answered NO, then: when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other object(s)?
[Blank lines for filling in details]

39. In your opinion, what do YOU think the object(s) was and what might have caused it?
1. A metallic disk or ellipse.
2. No comment


- page 17 -

40. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
If you answered Yes, then, what speed would you estimate? 300 MPH

41. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES NO
If you answered Yes, then how far away would you say it was? 5000 FEET

42. Did the Object(s) cause any interference with the operation of:
(Circle where applicable) RADIO? TV? LIGHTS? OTHER?
If you underlined any of above, explain the interference below:

43. Was a photo taken of the Object(s)? (Circle One) YES NO
Would you be willing to submit a copy? (Circle One) YES NO
If you circled Yes, please send copy indicating monetary reimbursement.

44. Do you belong to a Organization which investigates Unidentified
Flying Objects? (Circle One) YES NO IF Yes, list them below:
NICAP

45. May we publish your report if you are in fact confidential? YES NO
May we publish your report and use your name? YES NO
(Circle One)

47. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS: Danvers, Massachusetts
Street City State
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]

What is your present job? Chemical Technician, Sylvania, Danvers, Mass.
AGE: 23 SEX: Male

Please indicate any educational training you have had: (Number of years)
a. Grade school X (8)
b. High school X (4)
c. College X (4)
d. Post graduate

e. Tech. local school
(Type of)
f. Other special training?

48. Signature: ________________ Date: October 2, 1964


- page 18 -

SIGHTING ACCOUNT

The following is a signed account of a UFO sighting by my brother.

THE SIGHTING:

Myself, the undersigned, Mr. [redacted] and Mr. [redacted] had just driven into the rear parking lot of Sylvania Electric Products at 100 Endicott Street, Danvers, Massachusetts upon returning from lunch.

We remained in the car talking for a few moments when Mr. [redacted] called our attention to a jet airliner flying over. We observed its an commented on it. About one moment later I looked up to see a dark elliptical-shaped object passing through the sky in-in-front-of me when I first saw it. At first I thought it to be a sea gull and since both Mr. [redacted] and Mr. [redacted] knew of my interest in UFOs, I jokingly said, "There goes a flying disc."

In a few seconds I realized that it was not a sea gull and immediately tried to get Mr. [redacted] to look at it. (Mr. [redacted] was in the rear seat and had little chance to see it.) It took several seconds for Mr. [redacted] to catch sight of it. We then tried to get Mr. [redacted] to see it simultaneously but got out of the car. By this time the object appeared only as a distant line reading from view. Mr. [redacted] never did see it.

It is interesting that in August a plant electrician reported to me that he had observed the passage of a UFO from this same location on August 13, at 7:20 AM. It was seen in the same direction as the one observed, but travelling in the opposite direction. This UFO was similar in appearance to the one I am reporting except that it was larger in apparent size.

According to the U.S. Weather Bureau at Boston, the altitude of the scattered cumulus clouds at the time and date of the sighting was 2500 feet. If I assume the following,

1. The UFO was 500' lower than the cloud it passed under.
2. The UFO was at an angle of 30° above the horizon.
3. The UFO had an apparent diameter of 3/16" at arms length, i.e. 30".

then the UFO was at a distance of 4000' from me and had a real diameter of 24'. This data is of course open to observational error.


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO REPORT - 10/1/64

WITNESS:
(Investigator)
Danvers, Massachusetts

PLACE: Sylvania Parking Lot, 100 Endicott Street, Danvers, Mass.

DATE: 1 October 1964

TIME: 12:50 PM

OCCUPATION: Chemical Tech.
EDUCATION: HS Chemistry
Sylvania, Danvers

SIGHTING:
and some friends had just returned from lunch and were sitting in a car on the Sylvania parking lot. They all had just witnessed the fly-over of a jet airliner then noticed an object approaching in another direction. At first he thought it was a sea-gull but as it got closer it was clearly seen as a black elliptical-shaped object. It was solid, sharply outlined and about 3/16" apparent diameter at arm's length. The real size was estimated to be 2-25 feet in diameter. Its speed was estimated to be 300 mph and distance from observer about 5000 feet. Altitude was estimated to be 2000 feet. When first observed the object was approaching from the northeast at 30° above the horizon. It receded out of view into the southwest at 10° above the horizon. In the course of the sighting the observer was able to trace its movement through the car window and then cut-of-doors. See attached details.

EVALUATION:
This is one witness that I know very well as he is my brother. (rest of text partially obscured)... is a competent observer with a good eye for detail. He initially estimated the base of the cloud that the U.S. Weather Bureau at Boston and they confirmed this figure. The UFO observed is similar to the typical disc-shaped objects reported over the years. This type has been reported often in this general area. In the course of the sighting, no pronounced changes were seen either because of the distance or because the bottom was tipped toward him. Of course it is possible that the UFO had no discernible shape. Rough calculations based upon the altitude of the cloud and estimated distance of 5000 feet from the horizon are given below in an attempt to find out the objects approximate size.

1. FOR DISTANCE OF OBJECT FROM OBSERVER
[Diagram with trigonometric calculations]

2. FOR REAL DIAMETER OF OBJECT
[Calculations showing object diameter]


- page 20 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

6 OCT

WITNESSES:
[Redacted], Massachusetts                [Redacted], Massachusetts
Age: 13                                  Age: 13

DATE:    6 October 1964                  PLACE: Haverhill, Massachusetts

He was driving his car with [Redacted] along Broadway in
Haverhill, Massachusetts. It was approximately 12:30 AM when
William saw a strange object hovering above the trees
near Broadway at a point about 300 yards from the junction
of Broadway and Ferrous Street. He shouted to Robert
to stop the car. Robert stopped, looked back and backed up
the car until they were opposite the object. Hovering
perfectly motionless about 5-6 stories above the trees about
150 feet away from them was an object shaped like a "ball"
on a flat plate" with a diameter of about three car-lengths.
The bottom of the object was illuminated with a "sort of silver
glow". It was solid and metallic-appearing. No noise could
be heard. Although very nervous, William said that they saw
the car engine which was running. They said that they both
were "out of the car" and [Redacted] and also a "sort of
there real fast" as they were both very scared. They drove
to the police station and reported. Sgt. Robert & Dinsmore and Officer John Nolin arrived on the scene
at 1:00 AM and found nothing. Officers at the police station
said that the witnesses "appeared sincere in the belief that
they had seen something up there".

EVALUATION:
I have found nothing to discredit this sighting. The witnesses were discrete and very excited about what they had seen and
related this story to me in a very calm manner. The police officers felt that both were sincere and truthful. I
am convinced that both parties do sincerely believe that they saw something unusual. I do
not expect any more important details other than what is related above.

TO:    ATIC
        LCWG
        Mr. H. Webb
        APRO
FROM:  WE UFO Study Group
        [Redacted], Investigator
        [Redacted], Massachusetts


- page 21 -

Here is the text from the document:

HAVERHILL JOURNAL
"There is nothing so powerful as 'truth'" -DANIEL WEBSTER

HAVERHILL, (MASS.) JOURNAL -- Tuesday, October 6, 1964

Police Check 'Flying Saucer'
Two Haverhill Police Officers spent several minutes investigating a report by two youths early this morning that a "round shaped object" that had "a glow to it" was hovering above the trees off Broadway near Forrest Street.

Sgt. Robert C. Dinsmore and Officer John Akin were detailed to go to the area at 1 a.m. after the youths, William Chase, 16 of 10 Mertle St., his brother and Robert Saucy, 16 of 23 Pearce Rd., Methuen, made the report.

(Continued from Page One)

The youths said the object hovered above the trees glowing and that the bottom was "saucer-shaped." They said it was some 500 yards east of Forrest Street.

No details as to nature of the sighting were available. This morning Police Chief William A. Doss, after reading the officer's reports said, "This seems to be the end of it. They searched and found nothing."

Officers at the police station said Chase and Saucy "appeared sincere in the belief that they had seen something up there."


- page 22 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Photo Analysis Report Nr 65-16 dated 20 April 65, Page 2 of 2

7. CONCLUSION: More background information is needed to properly analyze this film. 
It is not possible to definitely determine if this film was exposed at night or in a 
dark room. Therefore, it is not possible to determine if the film is authentic or if 
a hoax was attempted.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:                      APPROVED BY:

[Signature]                             [Signature]
CHARLES C. ANSPAUGH                     WILLIAM L. TURNER
Photo Interpreter                       Captain, USAF
                                        Chief, Photo Analysis Division

WILBER PRICE, JR.
Director, Photo Exploitation Directorate

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 23 -

UFO REPORT - 10/7/64

WITNESS: [Redacted]
[Redacted], Somerville, Massachusetts

PLACE: Waltham, Mass. - Sylvania, Division, Receiving Area
DATE: 7 October 1964                                   TIME: 9:30 EDT

SIGHTING:
My [redacted] had just backed a truck up to the receiving area at Sylvania when he heard a low-flying aircraft. He looked up through the windshield and saw the aircraft and a strange wingless object appearing in from above and to the rear. He observed the object catch up with the aircraft just behind the left wingtip of the aircraft. The object was gray-black, sharply outlined and described as rocket-shaped or like a pencil with two stubby fins on its rear. Its apparent size was compared with a 3/4" bolt held at arm's length. No estimate of its real size was attempted as it was hard to tell if it were a small object near the aircraft or a large one flying high above the aircraft. The weather was clear, the sky was bright. The weather was dry, cool with scattered clouds. UFO moving NW to NE.

EVALUATION:
A friend phoned me about the sighting from Sylvania Applied Research Lab at 3:45. I phoned the witness and arranged to interview him the following day after obtaining basic details. I phoned Hanscom AFS and as the aircraft observed seemed to be on a landing approach. Hanscom AFB is about two minutes flying time from where the sighting was made. I was informed that 2 aircraft had landed around 3:30, a C119 and a C47. Base Operations asked they had not seen the object but asked me to phone in the details. After interviewing the witness, I had the witness fill out a UFO Data Sheet. After showing the witness what a UFO looked like and describing aircraft in that area at that time by phoning the Control Tower at Logan Airport in Boston, I came to the conclusion that the witness must have observed the C119. I then phoned Hanscom AFB and was put on the phone with a Major. We asked questions and filled out the USAF standard UFO questionnaire similar to mine. The major again asked that anyone at Hanscom AFB had seen the object. When I pressed him about it, they probably would not be admitted because of AFR 200-2 and/or AFR 190-6. When the aircraft and object were last seen by two were seconds away from Hanscom AFB. It is highly probable that both the Control Tower and aircraft personnel would have picked it up on their radar would have tracked it as well. However, this is purely conjecture on my part and in no case, I have some checking checking around Hanscom AFB to see if he can confirm the sighting there. The witness was sincere and very objective about his sighting. I am convinced that he very clearly described to me - a rocket-shaped UFO.

cc: NICAP*    BE UFO Study Group
AFCIN-4E     W. J. Wood
AFRO                                 Investigator

*-UFO Data Sheet attached


- page 24 -

X - Division Hdqtrs, 40 Sylvan Road
Waltham, Massachusetts
(Where UFO sighted from)

SOLID LINE = ESTIMATED PATH OF UFO & AIRCRAFT
BROKEN LINE = NORMAL LANDING APPROACH TO HANSCOM AFB
WHICH AIRCRAFT TOOK

The image is a detailed road map of an area around Waltham, Massachusetts, showing numerous roads, towns, and intersections. The map includes annotations about a UFO sighting and aircraft paths, with a legend explaining the meaning of solid and broken lines on the map.


- page 25 -

UFO DATA SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give as much information as possible concerning the "Unidentified Flying Object" that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. Thank you very much for your cooperation in this matter.

Investigator: National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena
Raymond S. Fowler
13 Friend Court
Wanham, Massachusetts

1. When did you see the object?
   7   October   1964
   DAY   MONTH   YEAR

2. Time of day: 3   30
   (Circle One): A.M.   or   P.M.
   (Circle One): a. Daylight   b. Saving Time
             b. Standard Time

3. Time zone (Circle One): a. Eastern
                           b. Central
                           c. Mountain
                           d. Pacific
                           e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
   Nearest Postal Address: Waltham
   City or Town: Sylvania   State or Country: Massachusetts
   Additional remarks: Division Headquarters, Sylvania

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:   HOURS   MINUTES   30   SECONDS

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to question 5:
    a. Certain   b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure   d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   (Circle One): a. Clear daylight   d. Just a trace of daylight
                b. Dull daylight    e. No trace of daylight
                c. Bright twilight   f. Don't remember

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the sun located as you looked at the object?
   a. In front of you   b. In back of you   c. To your right   d. To your left   e. Overhead   f. Don't remember


- page 26 -

a. If you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice
concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (circle one): a. None
                        b. A few
                        c. Many
                        d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (circle one):  a. Bright moonlight
                        b. Dull moonlight
                        c. No moonlight
                        d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle one): a. YES   b. NO   c. DON'T REMEMBER

10. If it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that
of an automobile headlight appearing to be? (CIRCLE ONE BELOW)
    a. A mile or more away? (a distant car)
    b. Several blocks away?
    c. A block away?
    d. Several yards away?
    e. Other?

11. Did the object:                                 (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?        YES  NO  DON'T KNOW
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?  YES  NO  DON'T KNOW
    c. Break up into parts or explode?            YES  NO  DON'T KNOW
    d. Give off smoke?                            YES  NO  DON'T KNOW
    e. Change brightness?                         YES  NO  DON'T KNOW
    f. Change shape?                              YES  NO  DON'T KNOW
    g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?                YES  NO  DON'T KNOW

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle one): YES  NO  DON'T KNOW    If you answered yes, then
    tell what it moved behind: Trees

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly
    a cloud? (Circle one): YES  NO  DON'T KNOW
    If you answered yes, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear (Circle One): SOLID  TRANSPARENT  DON'T KNOW

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
    a. Eyeglasses   YES  NO   d. Window glass  YES  NO   g. Other Outdoors
    b. Sun glasses  YES  NO   e. Binoculars    YES  NO
    c. Windshield   YES  NO   f. Telescope     YES  NO


- page 27 -

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. SOUND     None Heard except for low-flying aircraft
b. COLOR     Dark gray or black

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc., and a special exhaust trails or vapors. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred    c. Other _______
             b. Like a bright star
             c. Sharply outlined

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were extra. Add an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motio. that the object or objects made. Place a. "A" at the beg...ing of the path a "B" at the e.d of the path; a.d, show a y cha..ges i. direction during the course.

21. If POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimensio... ???????   Feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects "held" i. the ha.d at about arm's le.gth?
(Circle One): a. Head of a pi... g. Silver dollar
                b. Pea             h. Baseball
                c. Dime            i. Grapefruit
                d. Nickel          j. Basketball
                e. Quarter         k. Other 3/4" long
                f. Half-dollar

22.1 CIRCLE ONE of the following to i.dicate how certain you are of your a..swer to question 22:
        a. Certain         c. Not very sure
        b. Fairly certain  d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Behind trees. At this point it was above and just behind left wing tip of large aircraft flying low into Hanscom AFB area

24. In order that you ca. give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type MATERIAL would you make it? How LARGE would it be, a.d what SHAPE would it have? Describe i. your own words a common object or objects which when placed up i. the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A pencil with fins at the rear


- page 29 -

25. Where were you located when you
saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of city?
b. In the residential section of
city?
c. Open countryside?
d. Flying near a airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you
happen to notice it?
Just parked truck in Sylvania parking lot at receiving area - heard
plane, looked up, saw plane and then the object approaching from
behind and above him

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then
complete the following question:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): g. West
a. North c. East e. South
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour

28.3 Did you stop at any time while observing object?
(Circle One): YES NO

29. What direction were you looking when you FIRST SAW the object?(Circle
One):
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you LAST SAW the object?(Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms(a familiar direction), try to
estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and
also the number of degrees it was away from the horizon.(elevation)
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees
b. From horizon 100 degrees

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees
b. From horizon 80 degrees


- page 30 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon. (Skyl.e) where you FIRST saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon. (Skyl.e) when you LAST saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you FIRST saw it, add a "B" at its position when you LAST saw it. (Refer to smaller sketch as an example of "how" to correlate the larger sketch.)

33.1 Were there any KNOWN aircraft in the sky during your sighting?
(Circle One): YES NO

If you answered YES, was it following or attempting to intercept the object?
(Circle One): YES NO

If you answered YES, please circle TYPE OF aircraft:
MILITARY     COMMERCIAL     PRIVATE?     JET     PROPELLER

How many engines did the aircraft have? 3 *

* He was too interested in the object to note details of the plane. *


- page 31 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS(Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND(Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER(Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE(Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Official or Organization Name(s)   Day    Month    Year
Raymond Fowler - NICAP             7      October   1964

36. Have you read literature pertaining to Unidentified Flying Objects?
(Circle One) YES (NO)

37. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) YES (NO)
37.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) YES (NO)
37.2 Please list their names and addresses if you circled YES:
(Attach separate sheet for above)

38. Was this the first time that you had seen an object(s) like this?
(Circle One) YES (NO)
38.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances
did you see the other one(s)?

39. In your opinion, what do YOU think the object(s) was and what might
have caused it?
Looked like a rocket with no exhaust


- page 32 -

Here is the text from the document:

40. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes    No
    If you answered Yes, then what speed would you estimate? ????? MPH

41. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes    No
    If you answered Yes, then how far away would you say it was?_______ FEET

42. Did the Object(s) cause any interference with the operation of: (Circle where applicable) RADIO TV LIGHTS OTHER?
    If you understood any of above, explain the interference below:

43. Was a photo taken of the Object(s)? (Circle One) YES    NO
    Would you be willing to submit a copy? (Circle One) YES    NO
    If you circled Yes, please send copy indicating monetary reimbursement.

44. Do you belong to a Organization which investigates Unidentified Flying Objects? (Circle One) YES    NO
    If Yes, list them below:

45. May we publish your report if name is kept confidential? YES    NO
    May we publish your report and use your name? (Circle One) YES    NO

47. Please give the following information about yourself:
    NAME: [Redacted]
    Last Name                First Name        Middle Name
    ADDRESS: Street          Somerville,       Massachusetts
             City            State

    TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]

    What is your present job? Maintenance - Sylvania, Division, Waltham
    AGE: 40                 SEX: Male

    Please indicate any educational training you have had: (Number of years)
    a. Grade school    8       e. Technical school
    b. High school             f. Other special training?
    c. College
    d. Post graduate

48. Signature: Signed original in _______ Date: 10-8-64
    possession of


- page 33 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

ENGINEERING SUPPORT WORK REQUEST

[X] PHOTO ANALYSIS (checked box)

PPT NUMBER: A68002

DESCRIPTION OF WORK: Request analysis of two negatives and one print.

REFERENCE MATERIAL: Two negatives, one print, 1st in A603002-T, 11 Jan 65. Request attached material be returned upon completion of analysis.

REQUESTED BY: (name appears to be partially illegible) SYMBOL: TDSW PHONE: 69216

DEADLINE WITHIN MY DIVISION: 25 Feb 65

[The rest of the form is mostly blank, with spaces for priority, deadline date, signatures, and additional work request details]


- page 34 -

Here is the text from the document:

Waltham, Massachusetts
17 November 1964

SAF-OIPI
Department of the Air Force
Office of the Secretary
United States Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Attention: Major Maston M. Jacks

cc. Colonel Jesse E. Stay
Chief, Public Information
Division
Office of Information

Dear Major Jacks:

I am in receipt of your letter of 27 October 1964 which acknowledges receiving other UFO reports submitted by me. I am enclosing the carbon with a correction penned in regarding a Somerville sighting report mistakenly attributed to me. I did submit a sighting which took place at Waltham, Massachusetts on 7 October 1964. Perhaps this is the sighting you are referring to.

My reason for writing is to repeat a request made by me in my letter to you of 13 October 1964. Please disregard this request if action is already underway concerning it. My request was and is a follow-up in accordance with AFR 200-2 dated 20 July 1962 and amended on 30 March 1964, paragraph #7, would you be so kind as to send me the USAF fact sheet on the well-publicized Socorro, New Mexico UFO sighting by Socorro patrolman on 24 April 1964?....

I asked other questions as well and would appreciate it so much if you would answer them as well. I am especially interested in receiving the above-mentioned fact sheet at your earliest convenience. I trust this will receive the latest reports sent via AFSC (PTD) by now. I sent them in several weeks ago. Thanks again for your help concerning my request for information. I hope to hear from your office soon.

Sincerely,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 35 -

NO CASE (Information Only)
Source: APRO Bulletin, Jul, Aug, 65

9 October 64
Tucson, Arizona

Object Near Bowie, Arizona

Three adults, Mr. and Mrs. William Moss and Barbara Gerard of Tucson, Arizona, were driving south on Highway 80 at 8:15 p.m., October 9, 1964 when they observed a strange aerial object over the Chiricahua Mountains.

Mrs. Moss was the first to spot the object and said she first saw a brilliant light above the Mountain Ridge. It appeared to ascend a short distance, then it stopped. B. Gerard was next to see it, (with his being called to her attention) and then Mr. Moss spotted it. They watched the object for about a minute and then associated with any activity in the pass Mountain.

"For the first time I noticed the light cast upward from the object into the night sky. It was so weird and ended so abruptly a short distance above the disc that the light appeared almost to be a part of the object itself. It fanned out from the upper portion of the disc in much the same manner as a fish tail flares out from its body". Mrs. Moss recounted. "The disc slowly disappeared below the Mountain Ridge, then its weird glow followed it down and out of sight. Perhaps two minutes or less," he added.

The disc appeared on the ridge much too far to the right of the pass to be associated with any activity in the pass Mountain. It started to move downward toward itself. Since it appeared so brilliant and

cast a light upward even for a short distance, it should have cast one downwards in equal distance, but it didn't.

Bowie, Arizona (pronounced Boo-ee) is near the Chiricahua, which is a rocky corner of mountains where Apache Chief Cochise made his headquarters. Before being tamed by the Cavalry, it is still a wild, sparsely populated area.


- page 36 -

UFO SIGHTING SUMMARY SHEET

UFO REPORT - 10/11/64

Witness #1: [Redacted], Brockton, Mass.
Age: 28
Education: College (6)
Occupation: Mech. Eng.

Witness #2: [Redacted], Brockton, Mass.
Age: 30
Education: College (Econ.)
Occupation: Accountant

#3 (Wants name Sept. anonymous)
Brockton, Massachusetts

PLACE: Brockton, Massachusetts
DATE: 11 October 1964     TIME: 4:00 PM EDT

BACKGROUND:
On the evening of October 12th I taped the Bob Kennedy "Contacts" show which was featuring "Contacts" as guest for several hours. My purpose for taping this program was to monitor local radio station calls coming in from the radio audience concerning local UFO sightings. Later I was surprised to find out to be an excellent one. I found out later that the USAF had also contacted this program and had already questioned the principal witness when I contacted him.

* I do not subscribe to the "[redacted]"

SIGHTING:
[Witnesses] and [redacted] were on the front lawn at home when they heard two sonic booms. They looked up and saw two jet fighters flying at an estimated 30,000 feet leaving contrails. Nearby behind and close to a clearing was a bright round object. It caught up with the jet aircraft at a point just to the side of them and then dropped. Slowly traveled down over Brockton at a speed less than 100 mph, the jet fighters continued on their course.

Duration of the sighting was approximately 2 minutes. Condition of the sky was "bright day". The weather was clear sky, dry, cool. A radar check was made. The object was seen clear than back, appeared solid, generally stationary and white in color. (The other was [redacted])

[Redacted] stated that - "the object looked like an umbrella and was smooth all over". The object hight was some 15-20 feet. Viewed from a light angle, it looked like a disc. Moved about the middle... the light was very bright. The object as "parked" and like a parachute" described.


- page 37 -

Here is the text from the document:

11 OCT                                                  7 DEW

Wenham, Massachusetts

SUBJECT:    UFO Sighting - 11 October 1964 (Brockton, Mass.)
CONTENTS:   UFO SIGHTING SUMMARY SHEET
            MAP
            UFO DATA SHEET *

FROM:       [Redacted]
TO:         List

                                                    cc. NICAP *
                                                        AFSG (FTD) *
                                                        Maj. Wood
                                                        AERO
                                                        NE UFO Group

The following Report provides detailed information concerning the sighting of a UFO over Brockton, Massachusetts on 11 October 1964 at 4:00 PM EDT by [Redacted] and Mr. John [Redacted] (anonymous).

Any additional information on this sighting will be forwarded at a later date.


- page 38 -

Page 3

was re-connected again. Major Brooks said that he was sorry but he had no record of the UFO sighting to which I referred.

I interviewed him via a USAF Major had questioned the principal witness by telephone. He made no comment and just repeated his first statement. I checked with him and hung up. He did not ask me any questions about the sighting except concerning the date, place and time. When I had talked to him on October 7th concerning a UFO sighted over Waltham, he wanted all the information that I could give him and encouraged me to phone in this report. His no advice for further details on this sighting may be significant.

I considered him to be sincere and competent witness. Neither had seen over two weeks of UFOs or were particularly interested in the subject before making their sighting. I have discussed to be interesting to Bob Kennedy "Contact" show and wondered if what he had seen was connected with UFO so he phoned in and related what he had seen to Bob Kennedy and the radio audience.

It is my opinion that the object described by the witnesses cannot be explained satisfactorily as a conventional object.
I am convinced that they witnessed a real UFO.

co. NICAP *
     AFSG (FTD) *
     W.N. Webb
     APRO
     NB UFO Group

* - UFO DATA SHEET included.


- page 39 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

DRAWINGS                                                  Page 2

[Handwritten diagrams of a UFO and an aircraft with annotations]

The bright light reflected from the area shown in the above drawing was compared to the brightness of an automobile headlight several yards away. Compared the apparent size of the object with that of a silver dollar held at arm's length and guessed its real size as being about 50 - 75 feet in diameter and about 15 feet high and flat on the bottom. Felt that the object's apparent size was larger than that of a silver dollar held at arm's length but would not guess on its real size.

The object was first seen in the North, 75° from the horizon and was last seen toward the South at 30° from the horizon. It disappeared from view by going "straight up and out-of-sight" in about 1-2 seconds. It was observed to be about one mile away.

[Redacted] voiced no opinion as to what he thought the object was. Some type-stated that he thought the object was - "in aircraft", and caught up to the two jets and when it went up and out-of-sight, its speed was extremely fast. Although while over Fosterdale it was moving less than 100 mph.

[Redacted] and [redacted] were not contacted by the USAF but [redacted] was phoned by a Major who asked him the basic questions as to what in fact 202. The Major was particularly interested in whether the jet fighters turned around to look for the object. Unfortunately he cannot remember the Major's name. He did not say where he was phoning from.

ELEVATION:

I phoned the UFO officers, Major Brooks, at Hanscom AFB to see if he or someone from Hanscom AFB had phoned and to obtain further information. It was possible, although realizing that 202-2 messages #3 and #10 revealed only a telephone calling up to the public by other than the USAF in Washington, D.C. I asked for the records in a local UFO sighting that the USAF was investigating. He advised me for the local area. I was again asked, he would have a look through his files. I heard him muttering through papers and then, after a pause he said "No, Fowler. I'm going to have to put you on 'hold' for a minute." He did so and I waited about 3-4 minutes and I could not hear anything else. About 3-4 minutes later I had been cut off when I


- page 40 -

LEGEND
K = This sighting, 10/11/64

Other Sightings
A = 4/9/64 **
B = 5/13/64
C = 8/25/64
D = 8/28 or 29/64
E = 9/6/64
F = 9/9/64
G = 9/15/64 **
H = 10/1/64
I = 10/6/64
J = 10/7/64
L = 10/24/64 **

** = under investigation

MASSACHUSETTS TURNPIKE
Boston area to New York State line, 122 miles.
Full length toll $2.45, 40 approximately 2¢ per
mile for passenger cars.


- page 41 -

U F O   D A T A   S H E E T                                Page one

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give as much information as possible concerning the "Unidentified Flying Object" that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.
Thank you very much for your cooperation in this matter.

National Investigation Committee on Aerial Phenomena
Raymond E. Fowler
13 Friend Court
Wenham, Massachusetts

1.  When did you see the object?
    11           October        1964

2.  Time of day:   4             HOUR    MINUTES
                                 (Circle One): A.M.   or   P.M.

3.  Time zone: (Circle One):  a. Eastern     (Circle One): a. Daylight
                               b. Central             b. Saving Time
                               c. Mountain            c. Standard
                               d. Pacific             Time
                               e. Other

4.  Where were you when you saw the object?
    111 Wilson Street            Brockton            Massachusetts
    Nearest Postal Address       City or Town        State or Country

    Additional remarks: I was at my home

5.  Estimate how long you saw the object:
                                HOURS    2    MINUTES    SECONDS

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to 5.
    a. Certain    b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure    d. Just a guess

6.  What was the condition of the sky?
    (Circle One):  a. Bright daylight    d. Just a trace of daylight
                   b. Dull daylight      e. No trace of daylight
                   c. Bright twilight    f. Don't remember

7.  If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    a. In front of you    b. In back of you    c. To your right    d. To your left    e. Overhead    f. Don't remember


- page 42 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice
concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (circle one): a. None
b. A Few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (circle one):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight-dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle one): a. YES b. NO c. DON'T REMEMBER

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that
of an automobile headlight appearing to be? (CIRCLE ONE BELOW):
a. A mile or more away?(a distant car)
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other?: It reflected light when it made a slight
turn.

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
YES NO DON'T KNOW
YES NO DON'T KNOW
YES NO DON'T KNOW
YES NO DON'T KNOW
YES NO DON'T KNOW
YES NO DON'T KNOW
YES NO DON'T KNOW

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES NO DON'T KNOW If you answered yes, then
tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly
a cloud?
YES NO DON'T KNOW (Circle One)
If you answered yes, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear (Circle One): SOLID TRANSPARENT DON'T KNOW
15. Did you observe the object:
a. With naked eyes YES NO
b. Bin glasses YES NO
c. Flashlight YES NO

through any of the following?
d. Binoculars YES NO
e. Telescope YES NO
f. Other:


- page 43 -

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. SOUND     None
    b. COLOR     White

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially exhaust trails or vapour trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an umbrella-like object with an arrow indicating direction and a note about "Area of high light reflection"]

The object looked like an umbrella and was smooth all over. The reflected light came from a specific place about 2/3 the height in about the middle of the object. The light was very bright.

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                 b. Like a bright star
                 c. Sharply outlined
                 e. Other _______

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

JUST ONE OBJECT


- page 44 -

HEADQUARTERS
STEWART AIR FORCE BASE AND 4603D AIR BASE GROUP (ADC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
STEWART AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK 12554

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 4603ODC-T                                                   11 January 1965

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: AFSC (FTD) Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. In accordance with your letter, Unidentified Flying Objects, 7 October 1964, the attached photographs from Mr [redacted] are forwarded with formal investigation under AFR 200-2.

2. Preliminary investigation revealed no record of UFO information by SAGE radar on the date photographs were taken.

FOR THE COMMANDER

SAMUEL A STEERE, JR
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Operations and Training Division

1 Atch
a/s

Atch 1


- page 45 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion, the object or objects made. Place a "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path a.d. show a y changes in direction, during the course.

[A hand-drawn sketch is present showing an object moving with annotations]

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. 50 - 75 ft in dia. Feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects "held" i.e. the h a d at about arm's length?
(Circle One):   a. Head of a pi.   g. Silver dollar
                b. Pea            h. Baseball
                c. Dime           i. Grapefruit
                d. Nickel         j. Basketball
                e. Quarter        k. Other _______

22.1 CIRCLE ONE of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to question 22.
        a. Certain           c. Not very sure
        b. Fairly certain    d. Uncertain.

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? The object went straight up and out of sight in about 1-2 seconds.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object can you say, of what type NATURAL would you make it? How LARGE would it be, a.d what SHAPE would it have? Describe in your own words a complete object or objects which you placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The mat'll color was off white, possibly some sort of coating over metal. It was about 50 - 75 ft. in dia. and about 15 ft. high and flat on the bottom.


- page 46 -

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. Other

25. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of city?
b. In the residential section of city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near a airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Standing on the front lawn

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One):
a. North c. East b. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________miles per hour
28.3 Did you stop at any time while observing object?
(Circle One): YES NO

29. What direction were you looking when you FIRST SAW the object? (Circle One):
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you LAST SAW the object? (Circle One):
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms(a gular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true north and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon.(elevation)
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true north True ______degrees
b. From horizon 75° ______degrees

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true north 160° ______degrees
b. From horizon 30° ______degrees


- page 47 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place a. "AN" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon. (skyline) whe. you FIRST saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon. (skyline) when you LAST saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place a. "A" at the position the object was whe. you FIRST saw it, add a "B" at its position. Whe. you LAST saw it. (Refer to smaller sketch as a. one pile of "how" to complete the larger sketch.)

33.1 Were there a y KNOWN aircraft in the sky during your sighting?
(Circle One):   YES   NO

If you answered YES, was it following or attempting to intercept the UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT? (Circle One):   YES   NO

If you answered YES, please circle TYPE of aircraft:
MILITARY:        COMMERCIAL    PRIVATE? JET?    PROPELLER
How many engines did the aircraft have? Single (Two Jet Fighters)


- page 48 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 7

34. what were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS(Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND(Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER(Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE(Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. Who did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Official or Organization Name(s)   Day     Month     Year
Bob Kennedy "Contact" Radio Show WBZ   12     October    1964

36. Have you read literature pertaining to Unidentified Flying Objects?
(Circle One) YES   NO     If YES, how much (Circle One) A LITTLE
                                MODERATELY     VERY

37. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) YES    NO

37.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) YES    NO

37.2 (Please list their names & addresses if you circled YES)
(Attach separate sheet for above)

38. Was this the first time that you had seen an object(s) like this?
(Circle One) YES    NO

38.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances
did you see the other one(s)?

39. In your opinion, what do YOU think the object(s) was and what might
have caused it?
In my case of some type - manned - had tremendous speed because
it changed and caught up to two jets and then it went up and out
of sight, its speed was extremely fast, although while over Poughkeepsie
it was moving less than 100 mph.


- page 49 -

40. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? See 39 MPH

41. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES NO
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 5000 FEET

42. Did the Object(s) cause any interference with the operation of:
(Circle where applicable) RADIO? TV? LIGHTS? OTHER?
IF you u.derlined any of above, explain the interference below:

43. Was a photo taken of the Object(s)? (Circle One) YES NO
Would you be willing to submit a copy? (Circle One) YES NO
If you circled YES, please send copy indicating monetary reimbursement:

44. Do you belong to any Organization which investigates Unidentified
Flying Objects? (Circle One) YES NO IF YES, list them below:

45. May we publish your report if name is kept confidential? YES NO
May we publish your report and use your name? YES NO
(Circle One)

47. Please give the following information about yourself:
Note:
Last Name                First Name            Middle Name
ADDRESS                  Brockton,             Massachusetts
                Street   City                  State
TELEPHONE NUMBER
What is your present job? Mechanical Engineer
AGE 28                   Male
Please indicate any educational training you have had: (Number of years)
a. Grade school 8        e. Technical school
b. High school 6         (Type of)
c. College 6             f. Other special training?
d. Post graduate

48. Signature:                               Date: 10/21/64
    Signed Original in hands of:


- page 50 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: FSIC Bulletin, Vol 2, # 1                                      14 October 1964
                                                                      Titusville, Pa.

UFO Sighted by Daylight... October 18, 1964... (Herald)
... The fifth UFO in less than two months was reported yesterday afternoon at 4:30 P.M.

At least half a dozen people observed the triangular shaped object hovering in the sky northwest of Titusville was seen from the top of South Perry Street hill. The object was white and about 30 degrees above the horizon. Several jets had been observed in the area at the same time.

Mr. and Mrs. Robert Miles of Titusville, R.D. 3, saw the UFO in the company of others, along Route 8 south of the city. After watching for a short time, the Miles family stopped to point the object out to their minister, Rev. L. E. Ritchey of the Bredtown Baptist Church, who called a Titusville Herald reporter.

Photos were obtained in which the object was as visible as when seen with the naked eye, but the pictures were not of suitable engraving quality and could not be reproduced.


- page 51 -

FOSTERDALE, N. Y.

31 OCT 64 - CASE INCLUDES
three (3) 8"x10" photos,
one (1) 3½"x5" photo, 7
three (3) NEGATIVES


- page 52 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

FROM: (Activity transferring document)

TO: DFPM

DATE: 20 Aug 65
CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASS
FILE DESIGNATION: 765-16

DATE DISPATCHED: 27 April 1965

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT #65-16

Recipient will FIRST DETACH TOP COPY, then complete, and return to sender.

The rest of the document appears to be blank or the text is not legible in this image.


- page 53 -

The only text I can clearly see on this page is "H 4N" in the top right corner of the black rectangular image/photograph.

The page appears to be a document with a mostly white background and a black rectangular image or photograph mounted on the right side of the page.


- page 54 -

Hq Quarters
4603d Air Base Group (ADC)
Stewart Air Force Base, New York
12554

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL BUSINESS

AFSC (FTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB
Ohio

POSTAGE AND FEES PAID

42


- page 55 -

