The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

17 November 64 Hot Report Flint, Michigan
INSUFF~CIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
Silver and red light moving across the sky. Disappeared suddenly. Duration and other essentials missing. Form 164 sent for additional data, if returned within 14 days. This report based upon telephone conversation.
PHOTOS 
None 
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
None

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter on Department of the Air Force letterhead, dated 22 March 1969, regarding the current report on Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY                   22 March 1969

Dear Atch,

The current report on Project Blue Book, the Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects, is attached as requested. This report contains information on the UFO program since its origin in 1947.

Sincerely,
/s/ J.L. CURTLING
J.L. CURTLING
Chief, Community Relations Division
Office of Information

1 Atch 
Blue Book Report
Mr. W. McCollough
Flint, Michigan, 48505

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document or letter.

[Text from the document:]

Dear Sirs

My am and son of my friend. 
They visited a report - what as
we called a. report and we would
like to report what we saw.
It happened on March 11, 1965. 
At 9:50, 10;55 p.m.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from an old document or report. The page is mostly blank, with some handwritten text visible at the bottom. The text reads:

"Nato Depot 
1164
Oct 6 1949
Washington D.C."

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Dear Sir
This is the report concerning the sighting I made the other day.
I was in my backyard with my nephew when we spotted a strange bright light moving across the sky. It was moving rather fast and seemed to be larger than usual. We watched it for several minutes as it moved to the northwest. At one point it seemed to shoot off a smaller light which quickly went out. The main light continued on its course until it disappeared.
I thought you should know about this incident.
Yours truly,
[Redacted]

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book. The text on the image includes the following:

"Uniot Wack"
"Project Blue Book Washington 25, D.C."
"Attention: Capt-Maj. 15 nov 54"
"Project Blue Book Washington 25, D.C."
"Pentagon Washington 25, D.C."

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter dated November 24, 1964, addressed to an individual whose name has been redacted. The letter refers to a copy of a "UFD Form 164" that is attached, to be used in reporting a UFO sighting. The letter is signed by Maston W. Jacks, who is identified as the Chief, Pictorial Branch, Office of Information Division.

The text of the letter is as follows:

24 November 1964

Dear

With reference to your recent letter, attached is a copy of UFD Form 164 for use in reporting UFO sightings to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

MASTON W. JACKS
Major, USAF
Chief, Pictorial Branch
Office of Information Division

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text on the page reads:

Dear Sirs:
Would you please send me some free information on Unidentified Flying Objects.
Yours Truly
10.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the Federal Aviation Agency, dated August 20, 1964, regarding an attached communication about unidentified flying objects that was sent to the Department of the Air Force in Washington, D.C.

FEDERAL AVIATION AGENCY
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20553

August 20, 1964

Attached communication (or copy) from
Flint, Michigan

dated
August 17, 1964
concerning unidentified flying objects
is referred to
Department of the Air Force
Pentagon
Washington, D.C.

as a matter pertaining to your office. Should
you or the Inquiry relate to current available
from the FAA, it has been so forwarded.

INQUIRY SECTION

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten letter or document. The text in the document appears to be redacted or censored, with portions blacked out. The visible text reads "Dear Mrs. [redacted], this is so much information as is written on your request [redacted] would be given if one is sighted. XXX THANK YOU [redacted]".

Output:
Dear Mrs. [redacted], this is so much information as is written on your request [redacted] would be given if one is sighted. XXX THANK YOU [redacted]

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document or envelope addressed to the "Department of the air force, Washington D.C., UFO State".

Department of the air force
Washington D.C.
UFO State

- page 11 -

There is no photograph contained in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a document from the United States Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

5 April 1965

Dear Mr. -----,

The current report on Project Blue Book, the Air Force's official flying objects program, is attached as requested. This report contains information on the UFO program since its origin in 1948.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
WILLIAM O. HAMPTON
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
Blue Book Report

- page 12 -

