PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 20 July 64  23/0820

2. LOCATION: Washington, Missouri

3. SOURCE: [Illegible]

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: [Blank]

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: [Blank]

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: [Blank]

7. COURSE: [Blank]

8. PHOTOS: ☒ Yes   ☐ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: ☐ Yes   ☒ No

10. CONCLUSION: UNIDENT

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: No objects in sight. No explanation for reported sighting. Checked charts. Objects indefinite.

FORM FTD SEP 63 C-329 (TDE)  Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

HQ. OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON, D. C.

WASHINGTON, MISSOURI
July 30, 1964

Dear Sir:

Wednesday, July 29, 1964, at approximately ten-twenty p.m. two flying objects were seen just east of the Milky Way. They were first spotted near Chashuskachie, Missouri and made their flight across the sky to the southwest horizon. They're flight onward consumed approximately one to two minutes. No sound was heard during the complete flight. These objects stayed approximately the same distance apart during the complete flight. The objects looked similar and had a star-like appearance. At one time they seemed to disappear behind a star. They gradually faded away as though they were going out into space. On objects were very obvious and were seen inevitably. We, Linda James and myself, were witnesses.

Yours truly,

[The document also includes a postmarked envelope stamp from the HQ. OF DEFENSE in WASHINGTON D.C.]


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning this incident. If serial phenomena have occurred, please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. You name will not be used in any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
29      July      1964

2. Time of day:     10:00     22:00
                    Hour      Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): g. Daylight Saving
             h. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address is blacked out]
Washington      Missouri
City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
            5 to 5
Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined: Watched most of afternoon
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No X

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. If you saw this object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
FTD 164 JUL 61 WHICH IS OBSOLETE


- page 3 -

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [Handwritten text partially illegible]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
fly it seemed to disappear as behind a star

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: ____ behind hills

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ____ light haze could float like

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: no sound was heard
b. Color: white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Almost all so all would have been covered

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, propulsion, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The page contains two small blank circles/dots where a drawing would typically be made]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South                 g. West
b. Northeast             d. Southeast            f. Southwest             h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses           Yes   (No)   e. Binoculars           Yes   (No)
b. Sun glasses          Yes   (No)   f. Telescope            Yes   (No)
c. Windshield           Yes   (No)   g. Theodolite           Yes   (No)
d. Window glass         Yes   (No)   h. Other

26. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The last line appears to be partially handwritten but is mostly illegible]


- page 6 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The page also contains a compass diagram and a sketch showing angular measurements and an object's trajectory.


- page 7 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give data or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER                 AGE 12   SEX Female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Nothing but as Barney stated years at school

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
July                                                 do 1963 years


- page 8 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:     Day     Month     Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The rest of the page is blank.


- page 9 -

