Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
10 JUL 64 / 19/0602

2. LOCATION
Chicago, Illinois

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
UNKNOWN (2-3 MI)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
At 1900 white glow moving across the sky. Glow from SE heading NW. Observed clearly at 500'. Glow was
continuous. USAF II over Chicago at 1046 G height at min. 12
degrees. Doing 300 knots. Sighted at 2100 G. Sighting evaluated as USAF II.

FORM
FTD SEP 64 0429 (TDB)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

ALL OF THE OBJECT WOULD HAVE BEEN COVERED NEAR POINT ACROSS.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how? 
IF NO JUST DISAPPEARED NO DIFFICULTY TO SEE CLEARLY. JUST DID CHANGED TO SMALLER.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A GLOWING SPHERE.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors ON A BEACH
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? CASE
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text is partially illegible, but appears to read something like:]
LIKE CITY WAS ON A BEACH LOOKING UP
THE FIRST PIER NOTICED THAT 2 VERY BRIGHT LIGHTS
APPEARED TO BE MOVING

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
c. East
e. South
g. West
b. Northeast
d. Southeast
f. Southwest
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
c. East
e. South
g. West
b. Northeast
d. Southeast
f. Southwest
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
c. East
e. South
g. West
b. Northeast
d. Southeast
f. Southwest
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru west) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 100 degrees.
b. From horizon 20 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 250 degrees.
b. From horizon ______ degrees.


- page 3 -

22. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day         Month        Year
[Handwritten text appears to be partially illegible]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Addresses are redacted/blacked out]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes     No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Lines are blank]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten response, partially illegible but appears to discuss some kind of observation or phenomenon]


- page 5 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [Handwritten text appears to be partially illegible]

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 50,000 ft. or above

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted] Chicago, 62626 [IL]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
Age: 36 Sex: M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent:
AMATEUR INTEREST IN ASTRONOMY
STUDYING FOR MS DEGREE NOW AT ILL. TECH. UNIV.
ART CHAIRMAN - WALKER HIGH SCHOOL - CHICAGO

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 24 July 1964


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use
the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments,
statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached
if they are needed.

NAME [REDACTED]
(Please Print)

SIGNATURE [REDACTED]
DATE July 24 1964

Data attached.

Also - this of my friends obtained a
similar sighting about the same time
the following night July 25 64.


- page 7 -

COMBAT READINESS TRAINING OPERATIONS
614TH TROOP CARRIER SQUADRON, MEDIUM (RESERVE)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
O'HARE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
Chicago 66, Illinois

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: CRY                                                                   20 July 1964

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: Air Force Systems Command
     Foreign Technology Division
     Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. The following information as outlined in Paragraph 15, AFR 200-2 is submitted for your information.

a. Description of the Object(s):
   1. Star-Bright, going across the sky
   2. Size of a star
   3. White
   4. 1

b. Description of Course of Object(s):
   1. Accident
   2. Coming out of SE headed North (6 weeks ago)
   3. Coming out of SW headed NE - 12 Jul

c. Manner of Observation:
   1. 50 powered scope

d. Time and Date of Sighting:
   1. 1100 PM - 12 JUL 64

e. Location of Observer(s):
   1. 3025 S Broad Street
   Chicago, Illinois

f. Identifying Info on Observer(s):
   1. Fireman - HP - 22 Street, Chgo, Ill

g. Weather and Winds:
   [No information filled in]

[Signature]
THOMAS A. HILQUIST
Base Operations Officer


- page 8 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

CHICAGO, ILL.     ECHO I

[Several lines of text are partially legible but mostly obscured, with fragments like "SOUTH OF CITY" and "DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON MOVING NE" visible]

CHICAGO, ILL.     ECHO I

[Similar partially legible lines as in the top section, with fragments of text about location and movement]

The document appears to be a report about an observation of "Echo I", likely referring to the Echo I satellite, with location details for Chicago, Illinois. However, much of the text is too faint or blurry to read completely.


- page 9 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
[text illegible]

2. LOCATION
[text illegible]

3. SOURCE
Civil

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
0

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
[text illegible]

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[text illegible]

7. COURSE
[text illegible]

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
[text mostly illegible, some words partially visible]

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
[text mostly illegible, some words partially visible]

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 10 -

JULY 16, 1964
CHICAGO, ILLINOIS

Dear Sir:

At approximately eleven P.M. on Thursday night, July 16, while lying on my back at Chicago's Sherwin Ave. beach, I observed a luminous object moving in the sky. Almost a little East and slightly South (about 30 degrees both ways) there appeared a brighter star-like form similar to what I have seen of satellites in orbit and moving at about the same speed. The night was warm and the sky was fairly hazy, but there were no visible clouds and these stars to be seen. The object appeared to be much lower than the stars although only slightly larger than the brighter ones and more luminous than any. Its orbit or course seemed lower than that of satellites but still much higher than aeroplanes. Still thinking it was a satellite.

I mentioned this to a friend nearby when gradually it began to change orbit and apparent speed. The orbit became more erratic as we watched and the speed slower, almost to the point of stopping. Also, the intensity of the object's light - a bright yellow-white at first - changed to a dimmer, more bluish glow and diminishing in size. The object appeared to almost wobble as its direction changed; it did not reverse but went slightly sideways from left to right while it continued its erratic forward course. The course was, by now, changing from its original East-Northeast direction to almost due North and then gradually curved off to the Northeast where it slowly diminished from sight. All of this sighting seemed to take about ten to


- page 11 -

Twelve minutes from the first point of observance. This object gave an appearance of changing altitude rapidly - that is apparently going higher almost straight up and perhaps that is why it appeared to almost stop.

The object was globular in shape and differed in size, definitely larger than plane lights at that altitude; also the light did not go out or blink. The luminosity was not the same type of glow as the reflecting spotlight on clouds because it seemed to have a light source of its own and to be of highly reflective or translucent substance. My friend remarked that he thought the stars seemed much brighter after the object had left the area!

Being interested in astronomy and flying objects in general, (witches excluded) I observe the sky as often as I can and this is the first time I've ever seen such an erratic behavior for any technical object moving above the earth!

Sincerely,

[Signature and address details are partially obscured/blacked out, but appear to be from a school in Chicago, Illinois]

P.S. The report could be signed by a field unit. Also enclosed the report as necessary.


- page 12 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Partially filled in with date]

2. Time of day:
[Blank spaces for Hour and Minutes, with A.M. or P.M. to be circled]

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One):
a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Partially filled in with Chicago, Illinois]

5. How long was object in sight?
10 to 12 Minutes

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

NIGHT
a. Bright
b. Cloudy
[Handwritten note: hazy not overcast]

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):
a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?   Yes

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?   Yes   No   Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or rush away?   Yes   No   Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode?   Yes   No   Don't Know
d. Give off smoke?   Yes   No   Don't Know
e. Change brightness?   Yes   No   Don't Know
f. Change shape?   Yes   No   Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker?   Yes   No   Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear?   Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know   If you answered YES, then tell what
I moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know   IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of:

14. Did the object appear:   (Circle One):   a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   d. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No   e. Telescope    Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   f. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   g. Other


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound: NONE VERY HIGH PITCH
    b. Color: BRIGHT YELLOW WITH TIN TO BLUE TINGE

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A small note appears to be written in the drawing area, but it is not clearly legible]

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

    [Appears to have "VERY SURE" written next to it]

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

    [This section is left blank]


- page 15 -

